Long overdue, but good to see the Senate approve much-needed aid for Flint. Time for the House to do the same. -H 
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always w… 
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everybody has the opportunity to vote.
RT @AIDSHealthcare: SO CAL! Come see the revolutionary @BernieSanders speak at the Yes on Prop 61 tomorrow in Hollywood, CA! @YesonProp61 h…
When you run for president there has got to be at least a threshold of decency.
.@FLOTUS, I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H
RT @timkaine: We're up in the polls—that's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this: …
No major party nominee has been as unfit to be president of the United States as Donald Trump. Here’s why. 
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president: 
You don’t want to be the only one staying home on November 8. Make a plan to vote today: 
We need you to pitch in and help Hillary win: 
Americans are sick and tired of seeing drug prices soar when the 5 major drug companies made $50 billion in profits last year.
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. We are going to raise the minim wage to a living wage.
The billionaire class cannot have it all. This country, this government belongs to all of us.
The average price of insulin has gone up by more than 200% in the last 8 years. That type of greed must end. 
The prices of insulin and other diabetes medications have skyrocketed. How have price increases impacted you? 
I ask that the DOJ and FTC investigate whether pharmaceutical companies manufacturing insulin products have colluded in setting prices.
In fact, Eli Lilly and other companies have been fined in Mexico for colluding on insulin pricing.
Not only have drug corporations raised insulin prices by double digits overnight – often the prices have increased… 
Hillary Clinton and I believe our job is to get more people involved in democracy not less. 
Too many people have died fighting for our democracy. We are going to defend that democracy and fight off oligarchy.
RT @sacbee_news: Opinion: Here’s how to send a message to Big Pharma  
One of the major differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is that she will do everything to overturn Citizens United.
As we speak billionaires are pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into campaigns. We will not allow billionaires to buy our government.
RT @russfeingold: .@BernieSanders knows Russ will fight for the hardworking people of Wisconsin, not corporate interests.  https://…
Donald Trump suffers from a very serious disease called amnesia. He seems to have forgotten 8 years ago we were los… 
Let me tell you something very radical. I think a campaign should be based on issues. 
RT @VTdems: Don’t forget to vote for @DaveZuckermanVT this Election Day!  
I say to Republican governors: If you don’t have the guts to participate in an open &amp; fair election get out of politics and get another job.
We are not going back to a bigoted society. We’re not going to allow Donald Trump or anyone else to divide us up.
RT @DeborahRossNC: This is not the type of Senator North Carolina needs.  
This election is about who has the experience and vision to help working families. Without a doubt that candidate i… 
Thanks North Carolina for having me! 4 days til you elect President @HillaryClinton, Gov @RoyCooperNC, Sen… 
Great to see Marylanders out in NC volunteering for @HillaryClinton &amp; @NCDemParty! @wjawando @smhershkowitz… 
Millennials love public service. Let's expand the # of opportunities so those who want to serve their country can 
Friends in North Carolina: I'm in your state today campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforNC and local Dems! 
Ask yourself: Is this man fit to be the next president of the United States? 
"I'm with her!" —@Beyonce 
RT @CNN: Hillary Clinton recites Jay Z lyrics: "Rosa Parks sat so Martin Luther could walk "  …
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@HillaryClinton with JAY Z and Beyonce in Cleveland at the concert 
RT @CNN: Jay Z: "I don't have any ill will toward (Trump), but his conversation is divisive  he cannot be our president" …
RT @CNN: Hillary Clinton embraces Beyonce and Jay Z onstage at a rally in Cleveland, Ohio  
RT @CNN: Beyonce at Clinton rally: "We have to think about the future of our daughters, our sons"  …
RT @CNN: Jay Z introduces Clinton: "Once you divide us, you weaken us. We're stronger together"  …
"Ohio, we are on the doorsteps of history.

I'm here tonight because respect matters." —@S_C_ 
"We have to vote. The world looks to us as a progressive country that leads change." —@Beyonce… 
"Less than 100 years ago, women did not have the right to vote. Look how far we’ve come.” —@Beyonce 
.@Beyonce &amp;
@S_C_ &amp;
Hillary &amp;
You?
 
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@HillaryClinton with JAY Z and Beyonce in Cleveland before the concert. 
With just 4 days until Election Day, Hillary is in Ohio with @S_C_, @ChanceTheRapper, @JColeNC, &amp; more. Watch live: 
Don't let this man become your next president:  
“27 million are ready to put up a fight and not be intimidated by hatred and spite.”  
For 30 years, @JoeBiden has known Hillary as a public servant, global leader, and friend. Here's why he's with her: 
RT @HillaryforAZ: Glad to hear it will be easier to vote in AZ before Tuesday. As in years before, neighbors can take neighbors' ballots to…
The progress we’ve made under @POTUS is on the line. We owe it to our kids to get out and vote:… 
We’ve got to take on discrimination &amp; bigotry.

We can’t accept as normal what we’re seeing across this country because of Trump’s campaign.
“If he doesn’t respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all Americans in the future?” —Hillary on Trump
The presidency doesn’t change who you are—it reveals who you are. And we’ve seen all we need to of Donald Trump.
It’s on all of us to pay it forward—to make sure every kid in every zip code can get ahead. 
“I believe that we should have a confident, optimistic, inclusive vision of where we’re going and how we’re going to get there.” —Hillary
Join Hillary live in Detroit just 4 days from Election Day: 


First lady of Arkansas
First lady of the United States
Senator
Secretary of state
President? That's up to you:… 
"I sorta get away with things like that." —Donald Trump, on bursting into Miss Universe pageant dressing rooms 
RT @BernieSanders: Donald Trump suffers from a very serious disease called amnesia. He seems to have forgotten 8 years ago we were losing 8…
"You are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. You are proof that Black Girl Magic is real.… 
RT @HillaryforNC: We're rallying with @POTUS in Fayetteville right now. Join us live ahead of the last day of early voting tomorrow: https:…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Fox News' @BretBaier, who first reported the debunked story about Clinton Foundation indictments, apologizes and retra…
We can’t. 
We're on track to having the biggest voter turnout in American history.

Be a part of it and make a plan to vote: 
We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year. 
"Don’t you think it’s finally time to guarantee equal pay for women?” —Hillary in Pittsburgh 
“I will do everything I can to get incomes rising again for hardworking people…you deserve to be part of a growing, thriving middle class.”
Trump wants to give the biggest tax breaks in history to the super-wealthy and raise taxes on the middle class.

We can't afford that.
Think about what it would mean to entrust the nuclear codes to someone who lashes out at anyone who challenges him.
"If you elect me on Tuesday, that’s the kind of president I will be: listening, working, finding common ground.” 
With just 4 days left, join Hillary and @MCuban as they get out the vote in Pittsburgh: 


RT @algore: The choice in this election is whether we will solve the climate crisis in time or whether the United States will move backward…
RT @DaveedDiggs: Nov. 8th is fast approaching. Please VOTE!!! 
The decision we make in four days will affect our country for decades. 

RT this if you agre… 
Will Ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial. 
Progress is on the ballot:  
"Stand up and reject cynicism.  Stand up and reject fear.  

Choose hope.
Choose hope.
Choose hope.
Choose hope.
Ch… 
When we destroy nature, we are ultimately destroying the human beings of this planet. We must stop the Dakota Access pipeline.
RT @HillaryClinton: .@TimKaine's favorite records—and 13 other things you should know about America's next vice president: …
RT @businessinsider: [Exclusive] — @KingJames: Why I'm endorsing @HillaryClinton for president  …
"If she gets to be president, she won’t waste a day." —@BillClinton, now playing on With Her at… 
.@POTUS is a great leader and a great man. Let's give him the send-off he deserves.  
Comparing 30 years of public service with…Trump. 
"We don't disrespect women in our locker rooms." —@KingJames 
Whether you already have debt, you're in college, or you're planning ahead—our college plan could help you save: 
It's unacceptable that for so long, Native Americans have been treated as third class citizens. That has to change. 
RT @CNBCopinion: Why @HillaryClinton is the best choice to lead the US economy (via @AndreaJung9)  
We have to have the courage to take on the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to renewable energy.
It is the most common sense idea in the world to say, "You want an education, of course you're going to get that education."
We have a campaign finance system which is undermining our democracy. You must be concerned about the non-sexy issue of campaign finance.
The people who know best what it takes to be president know that Trump doesn’t have it.  
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate.  
Bright, young people cannot get a college education for one reason—their families cannot afford it. That is going to change.
Florida, good news! Your voter registration deadline is extended to Tuesday, October 18 at 5pm ET. Forms must be po… 
It’s time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee. 
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost if we fail to do so. 
RT @Jorge_Silva: Celebrating  with @HillaryClinton's quotes read by @DNCLatinos. 🇺🇸 
.@TimKaine’s articulation of his opposition to the death penalty was powerful moment. It’s ineffective, costly, &amp; racially biased. 
As @TimKaine made clear tonight: we face a choice between comprehensive immigration reform and a deportation nation. 
Message to @mike_pence: New Americans are people. They are not criminal aliens. Respect the dignity of every human being. 
RT @timkaine: Let's show the world that we're standing together. Chip in now:   
If Donald Trump doesn't show all Americans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president. 
"[es] almost everyone around him because to work with him, they have to defend the indefensible." 

We have to win this election.
RT @creynoldsnc: HFA statement from @jmpalmieri on tonight's troubling Trump revelations: 
RT @Hillary_esp: ¡Es el Día del Voluntario de Hillary @HFA! Estamos reclutando 50,000 voluntarios. Inscríbete 
https…
RT @bfp_news: TPP critics fear 'relentless' White House push 
Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns.

We're still waiting for Trump to do the same. 
Zephyr will be one of the leading progressives in Congress. We must all fight to make sure she gets elected! 
RT @NationalNurses: "As Americans our goal must be to elect progressives at every level." -@BernieSanders   https…
RT @OurRevolution: "I intend to do everything that I can to defeat the TPP." - Bernie

Join the fight. 
RT @janekleeb: Nice shout out from @BernieSanders on the outrage of Transcanada suing USA for 15 billion because they didn't get KXL …
Tonight, I want to introduce you to Our Revolution – made up of thousands of people who will be fighting at the grassroots level for change.
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." —Hillary to @andersoncooper on Trump
We're a nation with Hispanic roots—that’s a proud part of who we are. That's why we have ! 
The drug industry’s greed truly knows no end—Pfizer stashes $193 billion offshore to avoid $40 billion in taxes. 
Nike holds $ billion overseas to avoid $ billion in taxes. 
Citigroup hides $ billion offshore, avoiding $ billion in taxes. 
Apple keeps $ billion in profits offshore, avoiding $ billion in taxes. 
This campaign isn't a personality contest. We're not voting for high school class president. This is about the survival of the middle class.
When Hillary wanted to make sure every child in Arkansas got a quality education, she did her homework. 
It speaks to the best of who we are as Americans that in a moment of crisis, the people of our nation came together. 
Donald Trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.
and Volunteer Louisiana:  (3/3)
provided real relief over the past week: Project 70805:  Baton Rouge Area Foundation:  (2/3)
Give and do what you can to support our neighbors in Louisiana to help them recover and rebuild. Here are three orgs that have (1/3)
We've had enough of "free trade" deals like the TPP that benefit CEOs at the expense of workers. 
On November 8, we'll face a choice about what kind of society we want to be. I know what side I'll be on.… 
Working people are angry and they have a right to be angry. This economy doesn't work for them—it works for the extremely wealthy.
Mr. Trump has made millions in profits, while  steelworkers in the Midwest are being thrown out on the street. 
"We have got to be as clear as possible: You are more than the way you look.” —Hillary to young girls 
Hillary has our back—now we need to have hers. We're 20 days from the election. Chip in to help win this: 
RT @HFA: Show Donald that love will always come out on top, including on Election Day. Create your own  video: …
20 days left. Let's win this.

Make your custom video to show the world why you believe that : 
RT @elizabethforma: .@HillaryClinton proved tonight: She has brains, guts, thick skin, steady hands, &amp; most of all: basic decency. …
RT @sean_p_thomas: That's a wrap. 3 debates. 3 wins. A hat trick for @HillaryClinton 🎩. Donald outclassed, outmaneuvered, undone. 
RT @CoryBooker: A strong performance by Clinton. She is the clear winner tonight. 20 days until a HRC election victory and a victory for ou…
We are about to elect a president—and only one candidate tonight showed she has what it takes. Chip in now:  
It only takes one trip to a national park to see just how important it is that they're around for our kids.  
RT @HFA: Enjoying a quiet moment at @GrandTetonNPS back in 1995.

Happy ! 
I cannot believe that children in America in 2016 are being poisoned because our infrastructure is collapsing.
"Vote!" —@EvaLongoria

Tag a friend who should see this message.  
My dad ran an ironworking shop when I was a kid, so when Donald takes advantage of someone like this, it's personal. 
RT @HillaryforMI: Michigan is on the front lines of a manufacturing renaissance. Hillary saw it herself at Futuramics in Warren. https://t.…
Looking for a paid internship with Bernie Sanders? Apply now: 
To @TheJusticeDept I say: Wall Street won’t change until we make it clear that no CEO is too big to jail. 
Hillary's first job was fighting for social justice at @ChildDefender—it's one of the things I admire most about her 
The drug industry's greed knows no bounds.

We're going to fight for the ACA so kids like Jude aren't ever turned away because of a pre-existing condition.

It’s time to rebuild our crumbling middle class and make certain that every working person in America has a chance at a decent life.
"Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." —Hillary in Beijing, 21 years ago today 
Young people in this country should be in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
"Everyone knows how bright she is and how resilient she is, 're going to see how much she cares." —… 
16 days.  
I applaud the broad coalition that has organized a national day of action to ensure Congress 
RT @rosenbergerlm: Hillary applauds the agreement on a new memorandum of understanding regarding  security assistance to Israel. https:…
“The bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —@POTUS 
We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.
College should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone: 
If you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world.
We can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
It’s wrong to tear each other down.
It’s wrong to let income inequality get worse.
It’s wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
This election isn’t a reality TV show. It shouldn’t be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news.
You want something to vote for, not just against:

Optimism, not resentment.
Answers, not anger.
Ideas, not insults.
Bridges, not walls.
“Your generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial we’ve ever seen.” —Hillary to students at @TempleUniv
50 days to go. Don't miss Hillary live from @TempleUniv: 
“I’m Hillary Clinton and I’ve always approved this message.” 
63% of Americans support automatic voter  18-year olds should be registered to vote. Period. 
Actually, that’s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like. 
What we have to do is focus on the issues, not see tonight as an entertainment show. 
Hillary’s set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET.

Here's where you can watch:   
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the @USAirForce and their families. Happy birthday, USAF! 
How we respond to the injustices we face says a lot about who we are as a country.

I wonder how many members of Congress would vote to raise the minimum wage if they were forced to live on $ an hour for a year.
We all owe the @NatlParkService a great deal of gratitude for the work they do in preserving America’s park system. 
America has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But there’s one group in particular who has everything to gain. 
Checked attending a World Series game off my bucket list.

Electing the first woman president is next.… 
FBI Director James Comey's letter to Congress doesn't give us any useful information—it just serves Republican atta… 
Diwali is a beautiful reminder of the ultimate victory of light over darkness. Saal Mubarak to all those celebrating!
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportunity to vote.
Americans shouldn't pay higher prices than Canadians for the same drugs simply because Congress is bought by the ph… 
The greed of Mylan and the entire pharmaceutical industry is out of control. 
Now is the time for our next president to rally people against Wall Street and corporate greed and stand up for the declining middle class.
There is no rational reason why we remain the only major country not to guarantee health care to all as a right.
There is no moral excuse for the top one-tenth of 1 percent owning as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Americans are tired of billionaires like Trump and large profitable corporations not paying a nickel in federal income taxes.
"Under @SueMinterVT Vermont would be steered right on many important issues." 
If this election has taught us anything, it's that the American people are sick and tired of the economic, political and media status quo.
Congrats to @MontcopaDems for setting a record turnout for tonight's dinner! Thanks for having me. Let's win this f… 
"The fear of nuclear war that we had as children, I never thought our children would ever have to deal with that ag… 
We've made extraordinary progress under @POTUS. On November 8, that progress is on the ballot. 
"We don't miss voting in my family." A story from the 1992 presidential campaign that President @BillClinton will n… 
RT @timkaine: Checked attending a World Series game off my bucket list.

Electing the first woman president is next. …
"Most of them deserved it." —Donald Trump

 
If you're voting for Hillary, don't stop there. We need to support Democrats down the ticket. Here's why: 
In 9 days, we'll choose who succeeds @POTUS in the Oval Office. Make sure we make the right choice:… 
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"  
RT @HillaryforOH: Not even a rainy day can take away the excitement of voting for @HillaryClinton as the first female president! …
Who are you fighting for? Donate in their honor to help Hillary win: 
On November 9, if you want to say you voted for a better future, make a plan to vote now: 
"LGBT kids don’t need to be cured of anything. They just need to be accepted and loved and embraced.” —Hillary
"With Donald, it’s always Donald Trump first and everyone else last.” —Hillary
"Who pretends to help kids with HIV/AIDS in order to make themselves look good?” —Hillary on Trump 
"Let’s break every single record. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary 
"When you’re knocked down, what matters is whether you get up ’m not stopping now.” —Hillary
With just 9 days until Election Day, Hillary is campaigning in Florida. Tune in to watch her live: 
“To those of you celebrating this joyous occasion, I wish you and your loved ones a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak.”… 
FBI Director Comey owes the American people an explanation. Five things you need to know: 
Yesterday, FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure and released a vague and inappropriate letter to Congress.… 
Education is at stake.  
The environment is at stake.  
LGBT equality are at stake.  
Equal pay is at stake.… 
Trump has a history of boasting about his donations to charity—and little history of seriously donating to charity. 
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change. 
Young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: Vote. 
We're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planet—and create millions of jobs along the way. 
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform. 
Taxpayers in America subsidize CEO bonuses and corporate profits stashed overseas. To me, that is just plain wrong.
1 policy @realdonaldtrump &amp; @mikepence are crystal clear: Russia. Each auditioning to be Putin's biggest cheerleader 
Unlike Trump's, this plan to defeat ISIS isn’t a “secret.” 
Election Day is less than one month away. Go to  and make sure you're registered today. 
RT @HFA: A supporter made this video about why people trust Hillary. RT to show you've got her back.  …
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned. 
RT @librarycongress: Congratulations to Carla Hayden, sworn in today as 14th ! Follow her at @LibnOfCongress https://t.…
Our economy's made big gains since @POTUS took office—and that progress is on the line in November. 
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street.
RT @SenatorReid: Trump cannot be trusted with his own charity, but we are supposed to believe he can manage the nation’s treasury? https://…
RT @WhiteHouse: "Our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down but can be enhanced by lifting someone else up" —@PO…
Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour is not a radical idea. It's supported by the majority of Americans. 
While 16 million kids live in poverty in this country, the rich continue to get richer. 
It'd been 100 years since @DispatchAlerts endorsed a Democrat for president—until now: 
Correction: Singer/Songwriter* 
This much is clear: We CAN stop gun violence and police shootings. If we fail to act now, we insult the beautiful lives we lost this week.
Heartbreaking night for all Americans. Until we know more, we can only pray and focus our thoughts on the victims and their families.
There are ways to stop police shootings. We need national standards for training, integrity and use of force, now.
Awful, tragic loss of lives in MN &amp; LA. The deaths of  and  demand our immediate action. 
Our courts have made it clear time and time again, we cannot senselessly imprison immigrant children. 

They're all still welcome.  
Donald Trump in the Oval Office is flat-out dangerous. We can’t let it happen. 
Praising some of the world's most notorious, brutal dictators should be a red flag for a presidential candidate.

“Dejó a un lado su agenda personal y emociones por una causa mayor y servir al país"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.

"They picked a nominee whose only plan is to build a higher wall." —@POTUS on @realDonaldTrump's dangerous policies

"Her way of dealing with the stories she hears is not just to repeat the story but to do something about the story." 
RT @HillaryforPA: PA's Senate is voting on a restrictive anti-abortion bill—HB 1948. Call your legislator &amp; urge them to vote NO now: https…
RT @HFA: "Hillary  worked to improve the lives of Americans her entire adult life." —@USProgressives PAC …
RT @CWAUnion: BREAKING: @CWAUnion whole-heartedly endorses @HillaryClinton for President of the United States. More: 
.@realDonaldTrump says he "loves the vets."

Prisoners of war? Not so much.

RT @rosenbergerlm: Remembering over 8,000 men &amp; boys massacred b/c of their faith 21 yrs ago today.    …
New ad: Donald Trump's number one foreign policy advisor? Himself.

And his "very good brain."

Donald Trump says he supports our veterans, but he's taken advantage of them time and time again. 
You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership. 
What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?

"Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." —@POTUS 
For Donald Trump, it's not about what he can build —it's about how much he can take. 
Our economy added 287,000 jobs last month—just another reminder of how far we've come under @POTUS: 
"You can count on her, and how she won’t waver, and she won’t back down, and she will not quit." —@POTUS 
When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions. 
“Necesitamos escribir un nuevo capítulo en el sueño americano–y no puede ser el Capítulo 11 (de bancarrota)”. 
As the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.

"I saw how she treated everybody with respect. That's how you judge somebody." —@POTUS on Hillary

RT @Medium: “We owe our children better than this. We owe ourselves better than this.” by Hillary Clinton 
Community health centers provide care for 25 million Americans. Here's Hillary's plan to double their funding: 
Congrats, @serenawilliams on your record-tying 22nd Grand Slam title!  
RT @BernieSanders: Today's proposal by @HillaryClinton is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to mil…
"@LorellaPraeli's story, like so many other American stories, reminds us of who we are as a people." —Hillary

White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers they face.

“Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.” —Galatians 6:9
"When the 24-hour news cycle moves on, I won’t.” —Hillary on preventing gun violence and addressing racial injustice
"Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hate—it’s indifference.'  None of us can afford to be indifferent."
"Let’s ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?" —Hillary
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.
We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march.
"In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." —Hillary
"We’ll make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not, and emphasize proven methods for de-escalating situations." —Hillary
"I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers." —Hillary
“Gun violence is ripping apart people’s lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen.” —Hillary
Alton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long, painful litany of African Americans killed in police incidents—123 so far this year.
There is clear evidence that black Americans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better.
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much  much senseless killing, too many people dead who shouldn’t be.
"We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in God’s peace" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary addresses the AME Church Conference in Philadelphia: 
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families &amp; all who serve with them. -H
We have a responsibility to fight for the next generation. All of us. 

RT @mpshapiro: See new @Hillaryclinton plan to protect small biz from being stiffed by abusive companies like @realDonaldTrump's: https://t…
Too many African American families are mourning. Too many young black men and women have been taken from us. 
“There has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion].” —Donald Trump, March 30, 2016 
Alton Sterling Matters.
Philando Castile Matters.
Black Lives Matter. 
Trump got ahead by cheating working people like Andrew Tesoro. Now he wants to do the same thing to our country.

America woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter.  -H
We can't let Trump's approach to the economy anywhere near the White House. 
While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus. 
Do you want to build a strawman? 
"The death of Alton Sterling is a tragedy, and my prayers are with his family." —Hillary 
Trabajemos para que ningún estudiante tenga que endeudarse para estudiar en una universidad pública de su estado. 
Newly discovered footage that could destroy Donald Trump’s campaign if everyone saw it: 
The Trump Atlantic City business method: Drive a business into the ground, stiff workers, and take home millions. 
Let's make sure @realDonaldTrump never has the chance to bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his businesses.

RT @AustinHunt: "Clinton’s proposal would make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000" 
Let's make it so that no student has to take on debt to go to a public college or university in their state. 
Praying for a safe Eid Al-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Bangladesh this Ramadan. -H
Who got hurt when Trump abandoned Atlantic City?
✔️Small businesses
✔️Vendors
✔️Local builders
✔️Casino workers

RT @gwenrocco: .@realDonaldTrump fixed 
"In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful…but we do if they get rich by destroying other people." —Hillary
“No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trump’s casinos.” —Hillary
Donald Trump's business strategy:

It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.
RT @jmpalmieri: Always his only metric for success: did I make money? No matter who gets destroyed in the process.  
"What he did here in Atlantic City is exactly what he’ll do if he wins in November." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump: 
“Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long  money I took out of there was incredible.” —Donald Trump
"[@realDonaldTrump's] businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was  bad decisions hurt the whole city."
RT @creynoldsnc: "Isn't he supposed to be some kind of amazing businessman? What  happened here?" @HillaryClinton 
And the Trump Taj Mahal, which Donald called the 8th Wonder of the World, is bankrupt. It canceled workers' health insurance and pensions.
The Trump Marina Hotel Casino in Atlantic City was sold just a few years ago at a huge loss.
Donald Trump called the Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel "the biggest hit yet."

Now, it's abandoned. 
What Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is nothing to brag about—it’s shameful—and every voter in America needs to know about it.
We can't let Trump bankrupt America like we're one of his casinos.

Watch Hillary live from Atlantic City → 
Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:

Hillary heard you: College costs are too high in America. It's time to fix it. 
RT @BernieSanders: I applaud @HillaryClinton for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education.
Learn more about Hillary's plan to give former students relief from student debt:  
Donald Trump's praise for brutal dictators like Saddam Hussein knows no bounds. 
What @POTUS said. 
"Quiero que tú ayudes a elegirla nuestra próxima Presidenta de los Estados Unidos”—Obama. 
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton." —@POTUS at his first campaign stop of 2016

Fired up. Ready to go. 
Follow along as @POTUS takes over Hillary's Instagram account on the trail in Charlotte:  
Thanks, Obama. 
"The fact is, Hillary is steady. Hillary is true. … That’s how real change and real progress happen.” —@POTUS
"Don’t boo, vote! Booing doesn’t help. You need to vote.” —@POTUS on Donald Trump’s dangerous policies
"She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world.  She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief." —@POTUS on Hillary
"If your concern is who's going to look out for working  other side's got nothing to offer you." —@POTUS
"There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth." —@POTUS
"I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit." —@POTUS on Hillary
"I saw how she treated everybody with 's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off." —@POTUS
"Let me tell you, my faith in Hillary Clinton has always been rewarded." —@POTUS
"I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice.  It was personal to her." —@POTUS on Hillary
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States." —@POTUS
“I don’t know about you, but we’re fired up and ready to go!” —Hillary 
"In America, we don’t tear each other down, we lift each other up.

We build bridges, not walls." —Hillary
"The world hangs on every word a president says, and Donald Trump  unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary
"He’s a statesman—leading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong." —Hillary
"When I look at @POTUS, I see someone who—in spite of obstruction he’s faced—still reaches for common ground and common purpose." —Hillary
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policies—from paid leave to equal pay—to be updated, too.
It’s wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries, and we’re going to stop it.
We’re going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas, and reward the ones that share profits with employees instead.
"We’re going to make college debt-free for  help millions of people struggling with existing student debt." —Hillary
"Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden, we’ve had 75 straight months of job growth. I want us to see 75 more." —Hillary
"President Obama’s job was to save us from a second Great Depression—and that’s exactly what he did.” —Hillary
"It means so much to have @POTUS’s support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections." —Hillary
"Someone who has never forgotten where he came from. And Donald, if you’re out there tweeting: It’s Hawaii." —Hillary on @POTUS
Live from Charlotte: @POTUS hits the trail with Hillary for the first time in this campaign. Watch: 
RT @HillaryforNC: It's already a full house to hear from @HillaryClinton and @POTUS this afternoon in Charlotte  …
Q: "Will you condemn David Duke and say that you don't  supremacists' [votes]?"

Trump: "I don't know."

In a new interview, @POTUS talks about why Hillary has everything it takes to be president.

We must ensure that progress does not end on the platform's pages, but becomes reality. The fight is just beginning.

The  has less than 5 percent of the world’s population, yet we incarcerate about a quarter of its prisoners — some  million people.
Children sleep out on the street while corporations do not pay a nickel in corporate taxes. That, together, we are going to change.
No one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars.
"Raising the federal minimum wage is the beginning of creating an America as good as its promise.” – @NinaTurner 
The cost of war is great, and it is far more than the billions of dollars we spend on planes, tanks and guns. 
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the  and global economy.
When we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Stand with our delegates and help get them to Philly: 
The Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. If that ain't rigged, I don't know what is.
Fraud™ 
The business model on Wall Street.
Why is it that kids are jailed for possessing marijuana but nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions?
While we have made great progress advancing important issues, the fight is just beginning. 

Thanks to millions of people across the country, we have the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party. Thank you!
Democrats agreed to the most aggressive plan to combat climate change in the history of the party yesterday.

The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
"Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.” - John F. Kennedy 
The Democratic Convention is only a couple weeks away, but many of our delegates can't afford it. Chip in: 
RT @billmckibben: When you organize you win. Millions of people have begun to shift climate policy. And so grateful to @BernieSanders for e…
The current federal min. wage is a starvation wage. Looking forward to this living wage of $15 an hour becoming law.

RT @DFAaction: .@PramilaJayapal knows that  is one of the most important issues of today.   …
It's time to end the federal ban on marijuana.  
We've earned almost 1,900 convention delegates, but for many it's too expensive to attend. Help get them to Philly:

Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas. 
RT @BenJealous: .@HillaryClinton is against the TPP. @BernieSanders is against the TPP. Let’s not be bureaucrats – let’s be leaders. …
You don't need a degree in economics to understand that our trade agreements have failed.

RT @billmckibben: Sanders delegates currently delivering 700,000 anti  signatures to Democratic platform meeting. Heating up https://t.…
Together these steps will get us closer to the day when everyone in America has access to quality, affordable health care.
Efforts to give Americans a public-option choice and to expand Medicare by allowing people to opt in at 55 years are important steps.
Today's proposal by @HillaryClinton is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to millions of Americans.
The goal of health care reform in America is to guarantee health care for all as a right, what every other major country on earth does.
Thank you @NinaTurner for your leadership at the Democratic Platform Committee and getting this amendment passed.

A few years ago, the fight for $15 was considered radical. Today, it is a cornerstone of the Democratic Party. Now let's make it the law.
RT @thehill: JUST IN: 700,000 sign Sanders' petition opposing trade agreement  
It is clear that we need to fundamentally reject our “free trade” policies and move to fair trade.
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty. This is nearly one out of every four Latinos in this country.
Two candidates need your help to continue the political revolution: @PramilaJayapal and @Tim_Canova. Make calls: 
They tell us that unfettered free trade would increase jobs. Over and over again, they've been proven wrong.

In the richest country in the history of the world, it is not a radical idea to make sure that every American is entitled to health care.
It's up to the next Democratic president of the United States to fulfill the legacies of FDR and Truman and guarantee health care for all.
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy.

The attack on police officers in Dallas last night is horrifying and despicable. We must as a nation stand against violence of all kinds.
It's not acceptable that a handful of billionaires is now controlling our political process and the corporate media refuse to talk about it.
Esto es lo que queremos, y vamos a continuar luchando para conseguirlo: 
Our Democratic platform calls for enacting a 21st-century Glass-Steagall Act and breaking up too-big-to-fail banks.

When we guarantee health care for all, every American will be able to see a doctor when they need to and not worry about going bankrupt.
The majority of Democrats are opposed to the TPP. Thank you to the 700,000 who signed the petitions. 

 to Bernie talking about the obscene amount of corporate media coverage given to Donald  IN 1990!

Last chance to sign the petition opposing the TPP to be delivered to the Democratic Platform Committee tomorrow! 

RT @CREDOMobile: MUST WATCH new video: @SenWarren on why we need to  
I kind of think that if every other major country can have health care as a right, then you know what? So can the United States of America.
If both Clinton and I agree that the TPP should not get to the floor of Congress, why isn't this in the platform?

As South Carolina Rep. Wendell Gilliard proclaimed: "Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color."
We need real criminal justice reform so that people can walk down the street without worrying about whether they'll get harassed or shot.
Today African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police. 
The violence that killed Alton Sterling and Philando Castile has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and IT. MUST. STOP.
The  is the only major country on earth that does not provide universal health care to all.
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections
When somebody is killed while in police custody, it should automatically trigger a DOJ investigation.  
For perhaps the first time in modern history, our younger generation will probably have a lower standard of living than their parents.
The Senate is voting on a very bad piece of Monsanto-backed legislation today. Text GMO to 82623 to oppose it. 
RT @wolfblitzer: Senator @BernieSanders joins me live today during 1PM ET hour. We have lots to discuss.  @CNN
Congress must stand up to the multi-national food industry and reject this outrageous bill. Text GMO to 82623 to call your senators.
Monsanto is spending millions of dollars to overturn legislation passed by states that calls for the labeling of GMO food.
I applaud @HillaryClinton for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education.
For some, it means not going to college at all. For others, it means graduating school with crippling student loan debt.
As I traveled throughout the country, I heard over and over again what the high costs of college and student debt do to people's lives.
When parents buy food for their children, they have a right to know what they're feeding them. We must allow states to require GMO labeling.
Despite major increases in productivity, the median male worker in America today is making $726 dollars LESS than he did in 1973.
We need to end the international scandal in which large corporations avoid paying trillions in taxes to their national governments.
RT @WorkingFamilies: It just makes sense! Tell the  committee to :  
RT @greenpeaceusa: Fracking is just one reason we need to   
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: For the sake of workers, our health &amp; the -sign this petition!  in the  …
.@TheDemocrats must go on record in opposition to holding a vote on the TPP.   
RT @OurPoliticalRev: The American government needs to learn from its mistakes. NAFTA, CAFTA, and PNTR were disastrous.  https://…
We don't need more unfettered free trade deals that outsource millions of jobs and shut down tens of thousands of factories. 
Elected officials must focus on protecting the environment for our future generations, not enable polluters to curb regulations. 
RT @citizenstrade: Urge the Democratic Party Platform Committee to officially oppose the  here:  
RT @CWAUnion: Opposition to TPP must be in @TheDemocrats Platform. Urge the platform committee to oppose the TPP here  https://t…
A disastrous trade agreement should not be "fast-tracked" for a vote on Congress. In fact, it should never be brought to a vote. 
RT @People4Bernie: Virtually every major environmental group is opposed to the TPP  
RT @DFAaction: Both @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton opposed the .  should reflect their opposition.  https://…
It is clear that we need to fundamentally reject our “free trade” policies and move to fair trade.  
We need to fundamentally change the relationship between the  Government and the Native American community.

It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is we everyone has an impact on everyone else.
I wish I could say that we as a country have made enough progress for all Americans to truly be equal by now. But, no, our fight must go on.
No one will be successful in dividing us. America becomes a greater nation, a stronger nation, when we stand together as one people.
62 people own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population — around  billion people. 62 people!
Some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. It's 2016. That's a disgrace.
Citizens United is nothing less than legalized bribery – plain and simple.
The top 1 percent now owns more wealth than the whole of the bottom 99 percent. How do we accept that?
How insane is it for us to literally discourage bright young people from attending college because of how much money their parents make?
While we attack grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.
In a thousand different ways, we are taught to think small. We are taught to think we can’t change the status quo. That does not have to be.
We should not be passing trade agreements that are opposed by practically every union, representing millions of American workers.
Five years ago, a $15 minimum wage was considered too radical. But when people see the justice of an idea, it catches fire very quickly.
The attack on police officers in Dallas last night is horrifying and despicable. We must as a nation stand against violence of all kinds.
If there is a police related shooting, that should trigger an immediate investigation with the Department of Justice.
RT @statnews: .@SenSanders urges FDA to approve generic Crestor to lower costs for cholesterol patients.  https://t.…
People should not need a smartphone in order to get basic information about what is in their food.
The Stabenow-Roberts GMO "labeling" bill was bought and paid for by Monsanto and the Grocery Manufacturers Association.
Monsanto thinks their money can buy influence that will further their corporate interests. You know what? That’s exactly what happened.
Heading down to the Senate floor now to urge my colleagues to stop this terrible GMO "labeling" bill. Watch here: 
.@SenThomTillis This tweet was sent more than 24 hours ago. Trouble downloading the QR code reader?
RT @nealgoswami: .@SenSanders launches final push to derail  bill in the  Senate  
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police. That's unacceptable.
REMINDER: Opponents to GMO labeling spent nearly $400 MILLION to ensure people don't know what's in their food. 
The New York Times agrees: The Stabenow-Roberts bill is deeply flawed and should not pass. 
Your constitutional rights don’t depend on your race, gender, religion, sexuality or income. I can’t believe we still need to say that.
The struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is a struggle that must be fought by every generation.
We have to summon up the courage to acknowledge that we are in a crisis situation and that bold action is needed to save our planet.
Can you tell from these photos which product contains GMOs? 
RT @TulsiPress: Senate  bill creates the illusion of transparency, but actually makes things more confusing for consumers …
cc: @SenPatRoberts 
If you can't read the QR code, now you know why it's good that Vermont requires clear GMO labels on the package.
.@SenateAgDems You can find my response here: 
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Families deserve to know what's in their food. That's why I'm opposing a federal bill that would undermine CT's state …
RT @SenatorTester: The Senate should not be in the business of hiding information from consumers. 
92% of consumers think GMOs should be labeled. Congress should represent this enormous majority, not just wealthy corporations.
The Stabenow-Roberts GMO bill is confusing, misleading and unenforceable. It does nothing to make sure consumers know what they’re eating.
Companies all over the country are already labeling GMOs and, guess what, the sky didn't fall. 
If 64 countries already require labeling of GMOs, is it really such a radical idea? 
Sen. Sanders speaking about the Senate GMO labeling bill now. Watch here: 
Agribusiness spent $52 million in campaign contributions this election cycle. It’s not a mystery why Congress won’t support GMO labeling.
Real family values are paid sick time, paid family leave and guaranteed vacation time so parents can spend leisure time with their children.
Mars, the Grocery Manufacturers Association and North American Meat Institute support the anti-GMO bill. Consumers aren't the priority here.
People have a right to know what's in the food they eat and feed their children. Congress must protect that right.
This is intentionally confusing to consumers, and the information may be entirely inaccessible for many consumers. 
The trade agreements pushed by corporate America are great if you are CEO of a major corporation, but are a disaster for American workers.
64 other countries around the world require the mandatory labeling of GMO foods. The current Senate bill would not.

RT @dougmillsnyt: .@HillaryClinton on the campus of The Ohio State University. 
RT @HillaryforOH: The South Oval @OhioState is a sea of supporters tonight, because college students are going to help Hillary win Ohio thi…
Not everyone has the flexibility to take time off to raise kids like Anne and I did. Paid leave should be the norm: 
Donald Trump said he has "great respect" for women. His actions and words say otherwise. 
RT @timkaine: 39 days.  
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary.  
Racism and prejudice are unfortunately alive and well in this country, but that doesn’t mean we can’t make progress against discrimination.
We have over 2,600 launch events for Our Revolution across the country tonight. Find one near you: 
RT @PramilaJayapal: @BernieSanders is coming to Seattle to headline a Get Out The Vote rally for @PramilaJayapal! Ticket Info: …
RT @JoeBiden: "It is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the United States of America." -VP Biden
“She’s strong. She’s respected. She’s admired. There’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about America’s place in the world." —@JoeBiden
"It’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” —@JoeBiden on Trump’s foreign policy rhetoric
"Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong, they’re dangerous and they’re very un-American.” —@JoeBiden 
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.” —@JoeBiden
“This guy doesn’t care about the middle  doesn’t understand it. He doesn’t have a clue.” —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump
Running for president was a little different back in 1992.  
Black Americans today earn even less compared to whites than they did in 1979. 
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008—but it's still paying his bills. 
In this election alone, only 62 donors have given more than $500 million to super PACs. This is what I mean when I talk about oligarchy.
RT @FaceTheNation: SUNDAY: @mike_pence, @timkaine, @SpeakerRyan and @SenSanders  
Addiction is a disease—not a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it.  
RT @JoeBiden: Tonight, @HillaryClinton proved she is ready to be President — and Donald Trump proved he is not.  …
Here’s a crazy idea – let’s put more money into jobs and education instead of paying to incarcerate millions of our people.
Chip in to help make sure Donald Trump never becomes president:  
RT @Hillary_esp: Desde hace 4 años, DACA ha ayudado a más de 700 mil jóvenes indocumentados a vivir sin miedo. Continuemos juntos. https://…
RT @HFA: Hillary knows it and @PPFA knows it. That's why we're proud to stand with them.  
Fights like  have long-term consequence. It is a fight for the type of planet our children will inhabit. 
NEWS: Senators Question Aetna's Billion-Dollar Break-up Fee and Decision to Leave ACA Exchanges 
Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin.

Maybe he did it with a smile. 
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes. 
We are going to end the federal government making money off of lending money to get your education. 
When people stand together, we win. Now we must stop the Dakota Access pipeline, once and for all. 
3 our of the 4 largest American banks today are bigger than they were when we bailed them out when they were ‘too big to fail.’
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors. 
Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people. How do you even begin to quantify that? 
A majority of Americans support raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour. It's not only the right thing to do, it's what the people want.
RT @mayaharris_: There are no words.  
This is so ignorant it’s staggering. 
"I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." —Hillary to Trump  
RT @TheBriefing2016: There were almost too many lies to  we kept score. 
Proud to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month by honoring a community that so strongly values fe, familia y trabajo—faith, family, and work.
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H
It's important to remember that we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college.

Let's make sure it doesn’t.  
RT @GlobeOpinion: .@GlobeOpinion endorses: Run, don't walk, to your polling place and vote for @HillaryClinton for president. …
The outrageous behavior at Wells Fargo is exactly the kind of greed that we must rise up and stand against.
I've never lost an election with Anne by my side. We're lucky to have her on the trail! 
It is beyond my comprehension that thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college only because their family lacks the funding.
Donald Trump would fail his own test for admittance to the 

Who's going to tell him? 
It's past time we joined every other major country on earth and guaranteed health care to all as a right, not a privilege.
RT @FaceTheNation: Tomorrow: @SenSanders joins on how Democrats can command the millennial vote. 
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will:  
I wish I could say that we as a country have made enough progress for all Americans to truly be equal by now. But, no, our fight must go on.
"He may be up at 3am, but it’s because he’s tweeting insults at somebody who got under his skin.” —@POTUS on Trump
“She's got the knowledge and experience and the temperament to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"She's in the arena for you, fighting every day to make sure everybody gets a fair shake.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Hillary is one of the smartest, toughest, best-prepared, most experienced candidates to ever run for this job.” —@POTUS
"You can go vote early right now. Early voting started on  to " —@POTUS in Ohio
RT @HillaryforOH: HAPPENING NOW: @POTUS speaks at our  rally in Cleveland about what’s at stake in this election! Watch: https…
RT @AP_Politics: Kaine hits Trump on taxes, foreign ties. 
Tenemos una responsabilidad de participar y votar de acuerdo con nuestros valores.  
RT @voguemagazine: Vogue endorses @HillaryClinton for president of the United States:  
Another amazing Marylander making us proud! Congrats, Katie!   
If Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by buying American steel for his construction projects.
Here in America, we are taught to and we should respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.
“Last night, Donald Trump spent his time attacking when he should have been apologizing.” —Hillary
"To paraphrase my friend Michelle Obama, one of us went high and one of us went low!” —Hillary on last night’s debate
Just 29 days left until Election Day. Join Hillary for her first stop since last night's debate → 
Congress must not vote on the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership during the lame-duck session of Congress. 
That’s the kind of process I will always fight for and what I believe in from the bottom of my heart. We must demand change.
As I have said a million times, real change always takes place from the bottom on up, not the top on down. 
RT @OurRevolution: We're live! Follow the link to watch the  launch event! 
Tune in LIVE right now for the Our Revolution launch:  
RT @funnyordie: .@HillaryClinton sits down Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis for her most memorable interview yet. …
RT @MSNBC: NEXT: Senator Bernie Sanders joins the @Morning_Joe panel. Tune in to MSNBC now to watch the interview. 
Colin knows Hillary—not as first lady, secretary of state, or senator—but as his mom's best friend. Read his letter: 
President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.

It's a test he'd fail.

Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here 🎧 : 
Too many families are still struggling to pay for child care. Hillary and I are determined to make it easier. 
The administration should kill the Time Warner-AT&amp;T merger. This deal would mean higher prices and fewer choices for the American people.
RT @HillaryClinton: Hurricane  is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told to. S…
"Podemos demostrar que somos una comunidad poderosa. We can prove that we are a mighty community." —@SalmaHayek →… 
Esta es una de las elecciones más importantes de nuestras vidas. Alza tu voz en  y regístrat… 
Our success isn't measured by the size of our bank accounts or the height of our skyscrapers.
 
It's measured by wh… 
For any politician to be throwing slurs at one group of people because of their country of origin is totally unacceptable, period.
This country needs Medicare-for-All. It's time for a more progressive health care system. 
.@GovChristie, vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H
When I talk about oligarchy this is what I mean. People like Sheldon Adelson should not be able to buy the  Con… 
"You can leave this ad muted—there's nothing to hear." —@NyleDiMarco

 
RT @Yamiche: A must read today: The NYT digs deep into Donald Trump and his father's history of denying housing to blacks. …
Universal health care is a reality in dozens of countries around the world. It really is not a radical idea for the  to do the same.
Register to vote --&gt;  
Now that's pretty rich coming from a guy who paid $0 in taxes for 18 years:  
My wife and I - with a mountain of college debt - have paid more taxes than @realDonaldTrump has in the last 18 years.
.@realDonaldTrump is a phony businessman who spends other ppls money &amp; doesnt pay taxes. Imagine if he's in charge of everyone's tax dollars
Trump "apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades—while tens of millions of working families paid… 
Apparently for many in the top 1%, owning and controlling our economy is not enough. They also want to own and control the government.
Our job is to tell the pharmaceutical industry that we won't continue to pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
Check out our latest Snapchat story on how drug companies and Big Pharma are ripping us off:
 
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere:  
Great step forward by the Obama administration. It’s past time for Congress to guarantee paid sick leave for everyo… 
RT @VanHollenForMD: Congratulations to Maryland’s own @Helen_Maroulis of Rockville on becoming 1st American woman to win wresting Gold. htt…
You're never too old to invite your parents to your . Tune in to watch at 9pm ET. 
RT @HillaryClinton: .@TimKaine's spent his whole life fighting for working families, so I have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. Go get '…
Our job is to defeat, and defeat badly, the worst candidate for president in the modern history of the United State… 
He hasn't served, doesn't pay taxes and yet questions the valor of 's &amp; combat Veterans? (2/2)
How dare @realDonaldTrump question the strength of combat Veterans who come home with scars of war (1/2)
Number of times Trump has tweeted at @Rosie: 65

Number of times Trump has tweeted in support of Mike Pence, his running mate: 21 
.@TimKaine's spent his whole life fighting for working families, so I have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. Go get 'em, Tim. -H
Too many young people with a burning desire to get a higher education are unable to do that for one reason: their family lacks the money.
Maybe there's a reason Donald Trump refuses to release a real plan to combat ISIS.  
RT @ninhaitseng: Hillary Clinton: What I learned from being a mom who works via @FortuneMagazine 
"Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate!” —Hillary  
“The only way we can have that positive, optimistic, unifying future is if all of you help us get there.” —Hillary 
Whether we boldly address the crisis of climate change or make a bad situation worse, depends on the outcome of this election.
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.  
A story like this is all the more reason why Donald should release his tax returns and show us what he's hiding. 
In just 16 days, we can forever change the way little girls look at their future in this country. 
A (non-exhaustive) list of all the terrible things Donald Trump has said about women: 
The Waltons are the wealthiest family in the USA but pay wages so low their workers are forced to taxpayer-funded programs like food stamps.
RT @repjohnlewis: Happy Monday, my friends. Are you registered to vote? The right to vote is precious, almost sacred, and we must use it. #…
"Hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need." —@KingJames 
Are we comfortable as a nation to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever?
We couldn't be more lucky to have someone with Anne's talent and experience out on the campaign trail. 
People can argue about the pluses and minuses of marijuana, but everyone knows it's not a killer drug like heroin. 
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issues—not insults.  
Mike Pence: a divisive, anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-worker extremist. 

No wonder Trump picked him.  
We have to wake up each day and commit to the fight to move this country a little bit closer to equality. 
Couldn't be prouder of Hillary tonight. Chip in to show her you have her back for the home stretch of this campaign: 
I am going to work as hard as I can to make sure Donald Trump does not become the next president. Register to vote. 
.@HillaryClinton is tough as nails. She put @realDonaldTrump in his place. Now let's put her in hers: the White House. 
The presidency isn't a reality show—it's as real as it gets. Make sure you're registered to vote:… 
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day.  
RT @machadooficial: Gracias señora @HillaryClinton su respeto a las mujeres y nuestras diferencias la hacen grande! Estoy con usted!
RT this if you're proud to be standing with Hillary tonight.  
Hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. Chip in now and let's go win this thing: 
When Donald Trump says he has a "winning temperament."  
Just 54 days left and we don’t have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and let’s go win this—together. 
RT @POTUS: Just like Michelle says, when they go low, we go high. @HillaryClinton went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americ…
RT @BuzzFeedNews: Trump suggests that soldiers who suffer from PTSD aren't "strong"  
"I knew then that she was destined for great things." An interview with Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy Ebeling: 
Democracy is not about cowardly Republican governors and legislatures trying to suppress the vote.
Thanks, @chancetherapper. 
Ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending Hillary back in 1994: "She looks at me the way I always w… 
If any of the people who voted for me take a hard look at what Gary Johnson stands for, they will not support him. 
China is producing wind power faster than any other country. The  is missing its chance to be a global leader on renewable energy.
.@realDonaldTrump wont win Catholic votes bc most support welcoming refugees, fighting inequality &amp; climate change 
My friend Sen. @jimrosapepe and I write about how Catholics are going to vote against @realDonaldTrump this November 
We can't let @realDonaldTrump become our next president.  
“@TeamUSA is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." —Hillary in Philadelphia: 
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders: The ‘Nation’ Interview 
RT @Hillary_esp: En 2013, @TimKaine dio el primer discurso en español en la historia del Senado, abogando por familias inmigrantes. https:/…
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything. 
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." —Donald Trump, March 2004 
Almost every newspaper that has endorsed a presidential candidate in the general election has endorsed Hillary. 
If you won’t say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country. 
The job of the next president is to bring us together, not divide us up. Sadly, Trump has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign.
Joining @brikeilarcnn now on @sidewireinc to talk last night’s debate 
RT @HillaryforVA: BREAKING: Voter registration in  extended through Friday at 11:59  Register in minutes at …
The United States of America must join every other major country on Earth in guaranteeing health care to all its people as a right.
Democracy is not a spectator sport. People fought and died, so you can help determine the future of this country. 
Hillary's advice to girls everywhere:

"There's nothing wrong with knowing what you want and going after it." 
RT @PPact: "Why don't you trust women to make this choice for themselves?" - @timkaine 

We couldn't have said it better ourselves. …
"Whether you agree or disagree with me, whether you vote for me or not, I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary
“We’re going to grow the middle class from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down.” —Hillary 
"I really want to be president for all of the kids in America, to do everything I can to help you.” —Hillary in Pittsburgh
"We’re going to come together in the next 17 days and convince everybody you can to get out and vote.” —Hillary 
“If you can be president of the United States, you can do anything.” —@TimKaine’s message to girls in America
Why is it in this country — the wealthiest country in the history of the world — we’ve got millions of people working for starvation wages?
I haven't seen a single major Wall Street executive be prosecuted for causing the near collapse of our entire economy.
RT @HillaryClinton: G’mar chatima tova to those celebrating . Wishing you a meaningful day and an easy fast. -H
Hillary just introduced a new plan to help lift families with children out of poverty: 
Our political revolution needs people like Zephyr Teachout in Congress. RSVP here:  
"My opponent has America all wrong. There’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation." —Hillary
As @FLOTUS said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives.
We don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids.
"People accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —Hillary
“I have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president, you should say what you’re going to do.” 
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my  on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." —Hillary
The stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes. 
"I want to give our kids a safer  means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons."
"I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." —Hillary
Hillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner. 
"I’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —Hillary
For millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, they’re on their own. There’s no backup. 
"It’s great to be back on the campaign trail.” —Hillary in North Carolina. Watch live: 
Every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.  
Hillary’s speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in: 
As @FLOTUS said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
We need ideas, not insults. Plans, not paranoia.

We can’t let @POTUS's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn’t understand that.
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." —Hillary
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the @OfficialCBC: 
We must provide legal status to the undocumented. We need comprehensive immigration reform, and we need a path towards citizenship.
Don’t let anybody tell you America’s best days are behind us. 
When the young and the poor don't vote, the billionaire class gets to make decisions for them. That's why we have to end voter suppression.
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H 
RT @HillaryforNC: Want to hear Wagon Wheel on harmonica? Watch @TimKaine's performance in Asheville with @NikkiTalley now:
…
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump. 
Grateful to everyone who performed and turned out at . A great reminder about how important it i… 
RT @SueMinterVT: Something is profoundly wrong when people in Bennington are working 2 or 3 jobs just to meet their basic needs @BernieSand…
Donald Trump has a unique view of the Bill of Rights. Here’s what it might look like under his presidency: 
RT @creynoldsnc: HFA response to Trump's closing argument today in Gettysburg. 
My thoughts on Donald's refusal to acknowledge whether he'll accept the results of our November election: 
Have you seen the price of your medicine go up? How has this impacted you and your family? We want to hear from you: 
RT @nowthisnews: Donald Trump "absolutely" stands behind his horrible 2013 tweet about sexual assault in the military …
Have student debt? 
Planning for college?
See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:
 
"Latinas still make 55 cents for every dollar a white man makes. That’s just totally unacceptable." —Hillary 
“We cannot afford to squander this opportunity, particularly given the alternative.” —@FLOTUS:… 
Stronger together. 
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive or conservative issue. It is an American issue. 
"The essence of his campaign is bigotry." —@BernieSanders on Donald Trump in New Hampshire 
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth 

Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -H
Fascists and dictators are the type who jail their opponents. Outrageous what @realDonaldTrump will say just to win 
RT @Hillary_esp: "Hillary y yo apoyamos la reforma migratoria mientras Trump insulta a inmigrantes" —@TimKaine en Houston, Texas. https://t…
It is easy to declare war on other countries. It not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it. 
“Stronger Together” is more than a slogan — it’s a call to action. 
Three pages of Trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. Imagine what… 
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back. 
"Whew, OK!” 
Hillary and I know our success is measured by the number of lives we change––and we have the policies to do that: 
RT @Astrid_NV: Niños afectados por la reforma migratoria rezando por @Hillary_esp y que proteja a sus padres   https://t.…
RT @despiertamerica: El senador @timkaine toca la harmonica en vivo y en exclusiva para nosotros hoy en   …
This job takes maturity, compassion, and wisdom. Only one candidate has what it takes.  
When I think about the pain Gold Star families go through, it's nearly unbearable. My heart is with them today.
We have a moral responsibility to bring clean water back to Flint. This crisis has gone on far too long. 
This country, this great country, belongs to all of us. We cannot allow it to be controlled by a handful on top who want it all.
How can politicians talk about morality and family values, when we turn our backs on the millions of children and families in poverty?
I think it is reasonable to demand that a full time job pay enough to lift a worker out of poverty, not keep them in it.
Younger people, more than any other generation, are sick and tired of discrimination and racism.
Donald Trump wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top 1%. @HillaryClinton knows the wealthiest mu… 
On the issue of climate change @HillaryClinton has a strong plan to transform our energy system. Donald Trump? He t… 
Given the crises we face - income inequality, climate change, student debt - this moment in history is not the time for a protest vote.
Everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate:  
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow @TheBriefing2016 to make sure he's held accountable to the facts. 
A reminder heading into tonight's debate.  
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." —@NYTimes  
RT @timkaine: This job takes maturity, compassion, and wisdom. Only one candidate has what it takes.  
Our daughters deserve better. 
Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump. 
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people. 
RT this if you've got Hillary's back tonight.  
When we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal. 
Today, the sacrifices of Gold Star families weigh heavier on my mind. Thank you. I will fight to get you the care &amp; benefits you deserve. -H
59 years ago, 9 brave students integrated Central High School, changing the course of history. Let's recommit to fi… 
Let's send Donald Trump—and the world—a clear message.   
Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room making life or death decisions on behalf of the United States. 
RT @nytimes: The NYT Editorial Board says Donald Trump should not be president. Here's why.  via @nytopinion
RT @JoeBiden: Take it from those who have been there - Trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president: 
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.”… 
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices. 
7 ways Hillary's policies would help you in your daily life: 
RT @MilitaryTimes: This war hero's Gold Star parents want you to know why they're backing .@HillaryClinton for president …
RT @TheBriefing2016: Once again, Trump's own words are the best evidence he's not fit to be president. 
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks. 
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today:  
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." —@NYTimes on Hillary… 
Born 99 years ago today, civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer was a decades-long fighter for universal voting rig… 
RT @GeorgeTakei: Want to do a small part to help defeat Trump in November? RT this link and get everyone registered, and confirmed. https:/…
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign: 
While drug companies make huge profits, people are dying because they can't afford their medication. Prop 61 is an… 
RT @kendallybrown: I've been crying for the last 3 hours live tweeting . We're really doing this, guys. We're electing the fir…
Wall Street firms have paid hundred of billions of dollars in fines, and yet, somehow not one major executive has been prosecuted.
RT @YahooNews: Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him …
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." —@realDonaldTrump

Here's why that's a disaster for our economy: 
It’s not just that Trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump: "Health care—why didn't she do something about it?"

Here's Hillary in 1993, testifying for health care reform.…
Trump basically admits that he's not paying federal taxes. Blue Star families like ours don't appreciate him stiffing our troops.
Donald might have gone nearly 20 years without paying taxes. That’s just un-American. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Tell Donald Trump: Hate is not an American value. 
.@HillaryClinton is the only candidate that will make sure we stay true to our values, accept refugees fleeing war &amp; famine 
.@realDonaldTrump has made islamophobia and scapegoating our neighbors a centerpiece of his campaign. Don't let him say otherwise. 
RT @Refinery29: To recap: 
 
RT @TheBriefing2016: 2010s: Donald Trump was playing hard ball with the lawyers of the families he hurt. Hillary Clinton was playing hard b…
Four hundred pieces of legislation have Hillary Clinton's name on them.

How many has Donald Trump passed? 
RT @timkaine: Trump basically admits that he's not paying federal taxes. Blue Star families like ours don't appreciate him stiffing our tro…
RT @TheBriefing2016: While Donald Trump  Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton was fighting to get kids health care.  …
Trump: "Health care—why didn't she do something about it?"

Here's Hillary in 1993, testifying for health care refo… 
Trump would give millionaires (like him) and billionaires the biggest tax cuts they’ve ever had.  
Trump has gotten one thing right about the economy.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump would give his own family a $4 billion tax cut. 

Billion.

With a "b".  


RT @TheBriefing2016: Think the Bush tax cuts didn't give enough money away to the super wealthy? 

You'll love the Trump tax cut.  h…
Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald.  
Ask yourself: Do you want the guy who lost a billion dollars in one year—running a casino!—to run the  economy? 
The same guy who probably didn't pay federal taxes for 18 years is OK raising taxes on millions in the middle-class. Sound right to you?
"Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." —@kurteichenwald 
RT @TheBriefing2016: The US government took the unprecedented step of declaring that the Russian government is behind these hacks. https://…
RT @timkaine: Donald—you can’t show us your plans because you have none. 
Donald Trump was not against the war in Iraq.  
Our vision for America is a country where everyone has a place, including, of course, Muslim Americans.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: This Muslim ban  still on Donald Trump's website right now.   …
The vast majority of Muslim Americans want to help fight terrorism. We are not at war with Islam.

Trump is playing into terrorists' hands.
"You are right about Islamophobia, and it's a shame." —Donald Trump, who proposed a ban on Muslims entering the  
What's "smart" about not funding America's military, schools, or health care for kids? 
The number of billionaires has increased 10 times, while over half our kids in public schools are on free or reduced school lunch programs.
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight:  -H
Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence on fuels that pollute our planet.  We only have one Earth.
Nobody in America should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it. 
We need better community resources for the 1 in 4 college-aged students facing mental health challenges. 
Back-to-school time always makes me nostalgic.  
RT @Hillary_esp: Hillary cree que la verdadera fuerza se encuentra en lo que hacemos por los demás. Vea nuestro nuevo anuncio. …
Wells Fargo has shown that 7 years after the crash, fraud still appears to be the business model on Wall Street. 
I happen to believe health care is a right of all people. Where did that right come from? From being a human being.
RT @NationalNurses: Crowd geared up for  rally in Boulder! CO kids know we need to say ! Healthcare is a human right!…
"She’s a tested, unshakable leader." —@LasVegasSun endorsing Hillary: 
It is not a radical idea to suggest that anyone in this country who works 40 to 50 hours per week should not be living in poverty.
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns: 
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here: 
Priorities.  
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents, they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
This Republican dad is struggling with the idea of his daughter growing up in a country led by Donald Trump. 
We have a rigged economy, designed by the wealthiest people in this country to benefit themselves at the expense of everybody else.
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn't be the price we pay for security.
Corporate greed, not "government overreach," is causing us to ration life-saving drugs in America. 
I was able to work with Secretary Clinton on this major step forward in the fight for college affordability. 
RT @NOAAResearch: NOAA rapid study shows  upped chances of torrential  rains by 40%  https:/…
RT @jmreport: Amendment from @SenSanders would stop  until Corps completes environmental impact statement on Oahe crossing.
https://t.…
Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo.   
Appalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong @CFPB—and can't let Trump dismantle it. 
Our goal must be to see that young people are ending up in college or in decent jobs—not in jail, not dying from drug overdoses.
If you live in FL, go to  to get registered—make sure your registration form is postmarked b… 
"The best choice, without a doubt, is Hillary Clinton." —@SLTrib endorsing Hillary 
"It’s time to fight back against Donald Trump &amp; deport his presidential dreams to the dustbin of history." —@Latina 
"When I’m under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans can’t." Hillary in NC today: 
RT @harpersbazaarus: .@HillaryClinton kicks off BAZAAR's  issue with a powerful and inspiring essay about her mother: https://…
We should measure how the economy's doing by what's happening on main street—not Wall Street  
Uruguay is being sued by Phillip-Morris because it waged a campaign to keep its children from smoking and developing cancer. 
Despite the gains of the Affordable Care Act, 28 million Americans remain uninsured and 38 million are underinsured. We need 
RT @OurPoliticalRev: Loving the energy at the @OurRevolution launch party in Columbus, Ohio!  
I was proud that our campaign was the first campaign to call for an end to private prisons and detention centers.
54 percent of Republicans now understand that people earning more than $250,000 should be asked to pay more in taxes. 
RT @ninaturner: "We won the overwhelming majority of young people 45 years &amp; under across this country." @BernieSanders  

Tr…
One of the things we accomplished is helping write the strongest and most progressive Democratic platform in the history of the country.
Please take a minute to help people struggling in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew. 
"The Dispatch urges voters to elect Hillary Clinton." —@DispatchAlerts  
It is clear we must significantly reform FISA to prevent wholesale spying on the American people.
Requiring companies to spy on their customers is clearly unacceptable and unconstitutional. 
RT @iowademocrats: "You should not have to leave school 50 or 100,000 dollars in debt." @BernieSanders on the plan he has worked on w/@Hill…
How many scientists, engineers and teachers aren't getting an education because their families lack the income to pay for college?
In America, finally, we will make public colleges and universities tuition free for the middle class. That is a big deal.
Donald Trump thinks that only the middle class and working families should pay their fair share in taxes. Well, I disagree.
Bernie is live in Des Moines now. Watch here: 
I don't want to live in a country where seniors are trying to live on $10,000 a year, where we have veterans sleeping out on the streets.
Progress takes place when young people pick up the torch and say, "This is a world we are going to change.”
RT @MotherJones: Bernie Sanders Just Asked President Obama to Halt the Dakota Access Pipeline 
RT @MotherJones: Bernie Sanders Just Asked President Obama to Halt the Dakota Access Pipeline 
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money.  
As of 2013, the top 10% of families owned three-quarters of total family wealth in the US. That is unacceptable and has got to change.
CBO Report: Rich Get Richer, Poor Get Poorer 
Let’s be clear: in terms of real family values, in many respects, we lag behind virtually every other major country on earth.
"@Wired sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton." 
RT @JoeBiden: Be one of the millions of Americans who vote before Election Day. Head to  for more information. https…
RT @Hillary_esp: "Los latinos en nuestro país son el 17% de la población, pero solo tienen el 2% de la riqueza, de los recursos. Eso es muy…
When you go to your polling location and cast your ballot on Tuesday, who will you be voting with in mind?… 
RT @TheManeater: Democratic vice-presidential nominee @timkaine graduated from MU in 1979. Get to know him:    https…
Make sure you know where to go vote:  
Millions of people across the country have already voted. Join them—and make your plan to vote on Tuesday:… 
Make a plan to vote on Tuesday, then RT this to tell your friends: 
In 2016 it is embarrassing that women earn 80% of what men make. I know every man will stand with the women in the fight for pay equity,
Don't just go vote. Drag your friends out to vote. The future of the planet is at stake. 
RT @CatherineForNV: Thanks to @BernieSanders for coming to Las Vegas today to remind Nevada that every vote matters. Let's turn NV blue on…
Donald Trump is proud of his assaults on women and makes fun of people with disabilities. That is not someone who should be president.
RT @CatherineForNV: Excited to join @BernieSanders at @CSNCoyote today at 2pm to remind Las Vegans to vote on Tuesday! Come join us: https:…
This election really is not about the next four years, it is about the rest of your lives. 
Not only do we have to defeat Donald Trump, I say @BaztaArpaio!
Los Angeles! Join Bernie at the Palladium tonight to stand up to Big Pharma. 
The stakes are enormously high. Literally, in terms of climate change, the future of the planet is at stake. 
RT @FOX10Phoenix: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Phoenix, AZ at Central High School  ht…
RT @CatherineForNV: I believe in science. In 2016 that shouldn't be a novel concept. Let's protect our environment.
RT @ajplus: “Please do not sit it out.” Bernie Sanders wants you to go vote for Hillary. 
RT @ZephyrTeachout: In Congress I will fight for family farms, local manufacturing, independent  &amp; against big pharma driving…
The difference between @MorganLCarroll and her opponent is the Republicans think Citizens United is a good idea. 
Please understand that the Koch brothers don't just want to cut Medicare and Social Security. They want to eliminate them.
Today was Souls to the Polls day in Jacksonville! Let's deal Florida for @HillaryClinton and win this election… 
Jacksonville Councilwoman Joyce Morgan and I give this bus two thumbs up! 👍👍   
Tomorrow caps an amazing journey, but the work we have to do is just beginning. 
"Women's rights are human rights"—and 132 more reasons Hillary should be our next president. 
Pantsuit up.  
This one's for you, Hillary. 
RT @AdamSmith_usa: Hillary passed Obama in total black voters who participated in Early Voting in Florida. 

2012: 539,000
2016: 564,000 (n…
“This election is about you…

your dreams,
your aspirations,
your hopes,
your family,
your community.” —Hillary


"What’s really on the ballot is what kind of country we want for our children and grandchildren.” —Hillary 
RT @ABCPolitics: Khizr Khan: "Thankfully, Mr. Trump, this isn't your America"  
“This election is a reckoning. It is a choice between division and unity.” —Hillary 
“We should all be grateful that this remarkable family decided to make America their home.” —Hillary on the Khan family
“He and his family exemplify the values that make America great.” —Hillary on Khizr Khan 
"Would my son Capt. Humayun Khan have a place in your America?…Would anyone who isn’t like you? —Khizr Khan to Donald Trump
Hillary and @JamesTaylor_com are live in New Hampshire with two days to go. Watch here: 
RT @tyleroakley: we're in line to vote early &amp; not leaving until we cast our vote!! if you have ANY questions at YOUR polls call 1-844-IM4-…
A rally fit for a King.  
RT @HFA: A lot's changed since 1992. 
Florida in the rain. 
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan  and he was a Muslim American. I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a pla… 
RT @HillaryforMN: Somali-Americans are not a burden or a threat—they are our neighbors. We are . 
This is what it's about:
All the good we can,
for all the people we can,
for as long as we can.… 
RT @colinjones: Here is LeBron introducing Hillary: "We have to get out and make sure we vote" 
RT @ericwms: Her last visit to Ohio and it's amazing. I believe that she will win!   
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@HillaryClinton with @KingJames in Cleveland Ohio.  
"I want every public college and university to be tuition-free for every family making less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary in Cleveland
"I want an America where everyone has a place, where everyone is included.” —Hillary in Ohio 
"America is great because America is good, and if we…lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, we can be even greater."
"I love our country, and I believe in our people, and I will never, ever quit on you. No matter what.” —Hillary in Ohio
“Our next president, Ms. Hillary Clinton!” —@KingJames  
"We have to get out and make sure we vote.” —@KingJames in Ohio with HIllary 
Hillary and @KingJames are live in Cleveland with two days to go. Watch here: 
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —@POTUS  
Loved this moment from last night. Thanks to @KatyPerry, @JenCarlosMusic, and everyone out on the trail helping to… 
"We don't want to go back. We want to go forward." —@RepJohnLewis  
RT @hannahbfine: "The first president I got to vote for was black like me. And now I get to vote for a lady. It's just amazing." -Dominique…
The photos that tell the story of Hillary’s career and what she stands for. 
10 minutes of Donald Trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women.  
We are better than bigotry, fear, and hate.

Share this if you agree.  
RT @HillaryforPA: BREAKING: @HillaryClinton to campaign in Pittsburgh tomorrow, Nov. 7 at the Cathedral of Learning in Oakland. RSVP: https…
RT @HillaryforPA: UPDATED: Our  Rally on Monday, Nov 7 will be held at Independence Hall. Doors open at 4pm. RSVP: https:/…
RT @creynoldsnc: No one keeps us more informed or entertained from the road than @NickMerrill. We miss him in HQ, but this helps:  https://…
"She is a fighter for what is right, what is fair, and what is just." —@RepJohnLewis:  
Isn't it time to have a mom in the Oval Office?  
You can help Hillary win by making calls from home. Sign up here:  
Terrence Crutcher's death is an outrage. We've seen far too many people, often African Americans, unarmed, shot and killed by police.
.@POTUS is right. We must live up to our values as Americans &amp; never turn our backs on people fleeing war &amp; famine regardless race, religion
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions. 
@SenSherrodBrown @darreldrowland We have a winner!
“It would be reckless not to consider the damage Mr. Trump might wreak.”—@WashingtonPost: 
A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period. 
"She is far and away the choice for the presidency of the United States in 2016." —@NYDailyNews 
Simply put, "[Hillary] deserves America’s support because she is the overwhelmingly better candidate." —@LAtimes 
We know all too well who Donald Trump is. Let's make sure he never becomes president:  
RT @politico: 6 things Trump definitely said that Pence claimed he didn’t  | AP Photo 
All of us should be thankful for unions. Here's why: 
Billionaires like the Kochs spend millions to elect anti-union officials because they know when unions suffer, all workers' wages go down.
Our job is to not allow politicians to divide us up by where our family came from, our skin color, our religion or sexual orientation.
The pharmaceutical industry is the biggest bunch of crooks in this country.
While millions of families paid their fair share in taxes, it looks like Trump contributed nothing to our military… 
It's unclear exactly whom Mike Pence was defending last night, but it sure wasn't Donald Trump. The @NYTimes: 
The birther movement was about delegitimizing the first African-American president in our history. 
It’s insane that Walmart costs taxpayers $ billion every year in public assistance programs by not paying their workers a living wage.
RT @tammybaldwin: @BernieSanders will be in Green Bay today. RSVP here: 
RT @NewRepublic: If politicians are measured by their honesty, Pence destroyed his reputation tonight.  …
RT @NRA: The choice is pretty  
  
National Parks turn 100 years old this week but if we don't combat climate change they won't last much longer. 
RT @PPact: "Why don't you trust women to make this choice for themselves?" - @timkaine 

We couldn't have said it better ourselves. …
Addressing climate change isn’t just about saving polar bears. It’s about preventing humanitarian crises like mass drought and starvation.
RT @rosenbergerlm: When bombs rain down, they rush in. Inspired by the White Helmets &amp; others helping those in need worldwide.   https:…
Nuestros valores compartidos nos hacen más fuertes. No podemos dejar que Donald Trump destruya lo que representamos. 
RT @timkaine: In America, our shared values make us stronger. We can't let Trump tear down everything we stand for. 
Did you know Hillary's college plan makes it easier for student-parents to afford school? Get the details: 
Considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.” 
Thank you, @_VicenteFdez. You're right—"su voz es su voto." So grateful to have your support.  
No matter where you live, you can make sure you're registered to vote at … 
RT @CNNPolitics: Michelle Obama calls on Americans to vote: "Each of you, just in this hall, could swing an entire precinct" …
Concerned for the millions of families in Hurricane Matthew's path. You can donate to help those in need here.  -H
As a candidate, Trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage.

Imagine the damage he'd do as president. 
We won’t have a successful economy unless our young people can get the higher education they need regardless of their families' income.
In Mike Pence's defense, we wouldn't want to defend Donald Trump, either.  
In 2001, Hillary worked to support and rebuild New York after 9/11. Trump pocketed emergency funds for himself.… 
Republicans' plan to end the estate tax wouldn't help working families. It's a multi-billion dollar tax break for D… 
RT @jimtankersley: Hillary Clinton has a new plan to raise estate taxes for billion---- wait! Is that Bernie Sanders' music?? …
RT @PittDems: Join @ECUCD at 6pm TONIGHT at @EastCarolina as they host former Gov. @MartinOMalley on campus! RSVP via …
Change takes place when people by the millions determine that the status quo is not the world that should be.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump claims he surrounds himself with the greatest people. Check out his choice for campaign chief. https://t.…
RT @HFA: RT if you agree: We can't afford to take a step backward on combating climate change. 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
Watch Sen. Sanders on NBC's Meet the Press this Sunday. Check your local listings:  
With just 18 days until the election, it's all hands on deck. Sign up now to help win this:  
The next president should sweat the details on policy—because it's not just a detail when it's your child. 
The fight continues. We must stop the Dakota Access pipeline, once and for all.  
The @NCAA is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in America. -H
Join Hillary live in NC for her first rally since winning last night's debate →  
RT @shondarhimes: So. Everything you're feeling after ? It's . PLEASE:  Co…
It’s Filipino American History Month, so lets honor their many contributions—from serving in WWII to strengthening our labor movement. -H
Veterans who experience PTS are stronger than we'll ever understand. We owe them nothing short of world-class care: 
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" —@POTUS:  
Voting is underway in lots of states. If you've already cast your ballot, RT this. If you haven't, go here: 
RT @DaveForIowa: Thank you @Senator_Hatch for hosting Dave and @MartinOMalley in Des Moines today! We are ready to elect Dems up and down t…
With a mother in the Oval Office, we may finally catch up to the rest of the world on paid leave. 
RT @Sia:    
"I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." —@JoeBiden
“Let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.” —@JoeBiden

Let's keep building it, together: 
One moment last night that proved—again—that Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage:  
RT @mpshapiro: In MI, @timkaine lays out agenda for 1) higher incomes; 2) healthy communities; 3) better education. Read the plan: https://…
RT @BrynneCraig: Loved chatting with @BuffyWicks for the @TheRivetersPod about what's at stake in this election!  …
Today we celebrate the accomplishments of the activists who fought for minimum wage law, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. 
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much. 
RT @MariaTCardona: David Duke’s show cheers Trump-Breitbart merger: “We appear to have taken over the Republican Party” …
There has never been a more impt election for well-being of immigrant families. Finally we'll have a debate on it 
“Two words give us hope: Madam President." —@VogueMagazine in its first presidential endorsement 
RT @ddlovato: The election is just weeks away. Check if you're registered to vote at , only takes a few clicks! http…
The United States owes the native people a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid.
RT @texasinafrica: .@HillaryClinton's HBCU plan is really smart. Addresses so many critical issues around access &amp; debt. I'm impressed. htt…
Katie McGinty, the Best Choice for the Senate in Pennsylvania -@nytimes 
One of the great outrages in American politics is that we have a major party that rejects science and calls climate change a hoax.
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump. 
We can no longer tolerate a criminal justice system that treats Wall Street executives as too big to jail.
We have got to end the private prison racket in America as quickly as possible.
Last place is no place for America. We must join the rest of the world and ensure workers access to paid family, sick and vacation leave.
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and  of families $0. 
Wells Fargo’s abuse of its customers is not an aberration. 
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime." @ChelseaClinton takes the 🎤 in this week's podcast: 
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." —Karen on @realDonaldTrump 
Today is your last day to register to vote in AR, GA, IN, KY, LA, MI, NM, OH, PA, SC, TN, and TX:… 
RT @RollingStone: Tim Kaine goes deep on his musical obsessions: Replacements, Dave Matthews Band and more  https://…
Wall Street doesn’t exist in a vacuum. Bankers could stand to remember that their greed affects the rest of the people in this country.
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump. 
"In difficult times, we don't give up, we don't discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them." —@FLOTUS
"We cannot let anyone take away our hope.
We cannot let anyone silence our voices.
Because we know that every vote matters."
—@FLOTUS
"You do not try to keep American democracy in 'suspense.’ Too many people have fought and marched and died for this democracy.” —@FLOTUS
"When you hear  this election is 'rigged,' understand that they are trying to get you to stay home." —@FLOTUS
"Hillary has comprehensive policies to help people. Her opponent has tweets.

You decide.” —@FLOTUS
"When you're  what you're doing is a good thing.

And Hillary Clinton absolutely knows what she's doing." —@FLOTUS
"If you're a young person worried about affording college, [Hillary] has a plan to make your education tuition-free." —@FLOTUS
"Hillary knows that our country is powerful and vibrant and strong—big enough to have a place for all of us." —@FLOTUS
"He demeans and humiliates women as if we're  than human beings worthy of love and respect." —@FLOTUS on Trump
"He thinks we should be afraid of our Muslim brothers and sisters—because he has no idea who they really are." —@FLOTUS on Trump
"Our hope is grounded in hard work and hard-earned  we are all precious and worthy, no matter where we come from." —@FLOTUS
Every time we interact with somebody, we can come to know something about the greater good in the world. 
Republicans say, "yeah, we have seniors trying to get by on $13,000 a year, but we are gonna cut their benefits."

“Hillary’s running a campaign about ‘Stronger Together’ and Donald Trump…is running a campaign that’s been about one insult after the next.”
"From the fullness of the heart the mouth speaks. When Donald Trump says women should be  is showing you who he is." 
"We can't substitute our own views for everybody else in society regardless of their views.” —Tim  
The Clinton Foundation has an A+ rating from Charity Watch.

Yesterday the Trump Foundation was ordered to stop fundraising in NY. 
“She knows how to sit down at the table and negotiate tough deals.” —Tim on Hillary  
“He’s asking everybody to vote for somebody he cannot defend.” —Tim on Mike Pence 
RT @FrankieJGrande: I ❤️ @timkaine. He's intelligent, strong &amp; he supports gay rights. There's no option    …
"We trust American women."

Thank you, @TimKaine. 
"We support Roe v. Wade. We support the constitutional right of American women  their own decision about pregnancy." —@timkaine
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@ClintonFdn spends 87% of its funds directly on charity. See for yourself:  

 https:…
The Trump Foundation has spent "virtually every cent on charitable causes." —@mike_pence … 
RT @timkaine: The Clinton Foundation has an A+ rating from Charity Watch.

Yesterday the Trump Foundation was ordered to stop fundraising i…
Actually, @mike_pence, your running mate did say that.   
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump and Mike Pence are aligned on the issues. Now, will Pence defend the things Trump does? …
Tim Kaine is right: We should stop praising Putin.  
RT @HillaryforOH: "No one has the right to immigrate to this country." —Donald Trump during his rally in Florida today

We disagree. https:…
Even if Trump's bullying, bigotry, and misogyny weren't disqualifying, his policies would be. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H
RT @Hillary_esp: “Hay mucho que hacer. Los días están pasando muy rápido. El Día de la Elección se está acercando”—@TimKaine. …
Join the more than 200 million Americans who have already registered to vote. In lots of states, there's still time… 
Millions of people across the country are already voting. Make sure you're one of them:  
Anne's take on my  photos: 
It is more than irresponsible for my Republican colleagues to risk the future of our planet in order to pander to fossil fuel lobbyists.
Climate change is happening and it is caused by humans. That is plainly not debatable at this point.
Considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.
When scientists tell us that we must transition away from fossil fuels, the last thing we should do is drill for oil in the Arctic.
These guys in the pharmaceutical industry, in my humble opinion, are crooks. 
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders slams AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger ➡️ by @willafrej  
The fact that billionaires' views are wildly out of step with most Americans goes a long way in explaining why the same is true of Congress.
RT @BostonGlobe: In @GlobeOpinion, @BernieSanders outlines what he'll do after the presidential election:  https://t…
.@ZephyrTeachout understands we need to stand up to powerful corporations. I need her in Congress with me. 
The anger and frustration of the American people, all across the political spectrum, is palpable. 
.@ZephyrTeachout "would bring a fresh perspective to Washington and governance in general." Vote Nov. 8! 
RT @SueMinterVT: Please join Sue &amp; @BernieSanders to get out the vote tomorrow at @LyndonVSC ! Please RSVP here:  …
I've got seven grandchildren and four kids. I worry about the future of this planet. I'm not sitting this election… 
If you don’t have the guts to run for office on your ideas @realDonaldTrump, then you shouldn’t run for office at all.
Anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political cowar… 
RT @BryanCaforio: Join @MartinOMalley and me in Simi tomorrow at 4 PM for a  rally!   …
Thanks @dccollegedems for having me! Great seeing ppl from @Georgetown, @GWtweets, @AmericanU, @HowardU,… 
I  in opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline. @POTUS should take action to stop it now 
Thankful for @TammyforIL's—and her family's—service to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp, @MarkKirk. 
"Kids and families have been the passion of my life—and they'll be the heart of my presidency." 
"First ladies, we rock." —@FLOTUS

Get all the highlights from Michelle and Hillary's first-ever joint rally: 
🙌 
We can fight for the country we want and make history at the same time. Are you ready to vote?… 
Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H
"I don't want bullies in my life, and I especially don't want one in the White House." —Bryce, a student living wit… 
In which @realDonaldTrump basically proves our point. 
“We have never had a more qualified and prepared candidate for president than our friend Hillary.” —@FLOTUS… 
“If Hillary doesn’t win this election, that will be on us.” —@FLOTUS

Don't let that happen:  
“Folks marched &amp; protested for our right to vote. They endured beatings and jail time. They sacrificed their lives for this right.” —@FLOTUS
"Casting our vote is the ultimate way we go high when they go low.” —@FLOTUS 
“Get out and vote. Get out and vote for Hillary. Vote early. Vote right now!” —@FLOTUS


“Hillary has done her job. Now we need to do our job and get her elected president of the United States.” —@FLOTUS 
"Thankfully, Hillary is a policy wonk. And let me tell you, when you are president, that is a good thing.” —@FLOTUS 
Hillary "is absolutely ready to be Commander-in-Chief…and yes, she happens to be a woman." —@FLOTUS 
"We want a president who takes this job seriously and has the temperament and maturity to do it well." —@FLOTUS
"We want a president who understands that this nation was built by people who came here from all corners of the world." —@FLOTUS
"We want someone who is a unifying force in this country, who sees our differences not as a threat, but as as blessing." —@FLOTUS
“As we look into the eyes of our  stakes in this election could not be more clear.” —@FLOTUS
"We have never before had a more qualified or prepared candidate for president than Hillary Clinton.” —@FLOTUS
RT @asmamk: I've covered a lot of political rallies - I haven seen many where the crowd was THIS excited. 
"I’ve been fighting for kids at every step of my career, and I will fight for them every single day of my presidency." —Hillary
We’ve got to make sure all our kids know that America has a place for you.
We can never forget how Trump disrespects our military families, like the Khans. 
“Seriously, is there anyone more inspiring than Michelle Obama?” —Hillary
.@FLOTUS is “someone who reminds us to work hard, stay true to our values, and never stop fighting for what we believe in." —Hillary
"Dignity and respect for women and girls is also on the ballot this election.” —Hillary 
If you believe everyone deserves to be treated equally, no matter who they are or who they love—you’ve got to vote. 
If you believe that America should stand with those who serve, because they’ve served us, you’ve got to vote. 
If you care about the right to vote and want to make sure it’s protected and strengthened, you’ve got to vote. 
You don't want to miss this. Join Hillary and @FLOTUS on the trail together for the first time in NC → 
"Would my son have a place in your America?" —Khizr Khan, father of a fallen American hero, to Donald Trump 
RT @McFaul: Trump insults every single person working in the intelligence community by claiming that they are in the PR business.  Incredib…
Don't boo, vote early! Find out when you can vote in your state at  
Glad Secretary Carter did the right thing. Our men and women in uniform deserve our support and deepest gratitude,… 
"Hillary Clinton is a distinctly capable candidate: experienced, serious, schooled, resilient." —The @NewYorker… 
RT @just_jenna: 1881 ppl pledged an av. of 23¢ to @HFA for every @realDonaldTrump tweet. 

191 tweets last week = $83,

Join: https:…
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." —@POTUS:  
It should concern every American that Russia is willing to engage in such hostile acts in order to help Donald Trum… 
The CEOs of drug companies should not be making millions when customers are dying because they cannot afford their medication.
RT @heraldleader: Editorial endorsement: Hillary Clinton is the clear choice for president  
RT @SenJeffMerkley: We need a  to cut billions in costs, lower premiums and expand options @SenSanders @SenSchumer @PattyMurra…
RT @SenGillibrand: Love this.

"@HillaryClinton has spent her life fighting for children—here are 8 ways she’s changed their lives." 

http…
Your vote is important. If it weren't, why would the other side be working so hard to stop you from voting? 
Older workers shouldn't worry about how they’re going to get by. Our job is to expand Social Security so everyone can retire with dignity.
Congress must begin listening to the majority of Americans who are saying they do not want cuts to Social Security. They want to expand it.
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.
RT @SenatorReid: When asked what he hoped to get for his millions in political donations, Charles Koch answered: “I expect something in ret…
RT @nowthisnews: Paul Ryan is more afraid of Bernie Sanders than he is of Donald Trump 
RT @HillaryClinton: We couldn't be more lucky to have someone with Anne's talent and experience out on the campaign trail. …
It's not enough to go back to pre-Citizens United. We need to have public funding of elections.
.@PramilaJayapal is absolutely right. Love trumps hatred. 
I welcome Majority Leader McConnell's decision to block a vote on the TPP. 
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policy—it's personal.  
I have a very simple question for the regulators who fined Wells Fargo: 
NEWS: Sanders: Have Any Criminal Inquiries in Wells Fargo Case Been Filed? 
Be a voter. Check your registration and help your friends do the same →  
RT @POTUS: For a century, Planned Parenthood has made it possible for women to determine their own lives. Here's to another .
From birth control to cancer screenings, Planned Parenthood has provided care for millions. That's worth celebratin… 
Only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. Make sure she gets the chance:… 
RT @ForeignPolicy: The editors of Foreign Policy have never endorsed a candidate for political office -- until now. …
Newspapers that have endorsed @realDonaldTrump:
1. 
2. 
3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?) 
RT @smencimer: Report: Bernie was right!  
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.

Thank you for being so brave, Astrid. I’m going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H 
RT @BuzzFeedNews: .@SenSherrodBrown, @BernieSanders, @SenWarren, @brianschatz &amp; more call for global supercourt to be removed from TPP http…
EpiPens are hardly the only unaffordable drug. 1 out of 5 Americans can't afford the medication they are prescribed.

RT @MinnesotaDFL: .@MartinOMalley quoting Wellstone at the : "we all do better when we all do better!" 
RT @MinnesotaDFL: .@MartinOMalley is here at the  - heading over to the  booth now 
Yes, @realDonaldTrump really did say all of these hateful things. 
Happy  from @realDonaldTrump. 
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get there—find your friends on Facebook: 
At the Hilltop today with the other Fellows of @GUPolitics Institute of Politics and Public Service 
RT @democracynow: "This pipeline is going to bring about 250,000-per-day tons of carbon into the  And that's wrong" https://t.…
At tonight's debate, Janelle will be in the audience cheering on her friend, Hillary.  
It's time to hold Trump accountable to the facts. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate to help spread the word. 
.@realDonaldTrump's plan to eliminate the estate tax wouldn't help working families. It's a $4 billion tax break for his own family.
A progressive estate tax on the wealthiest  of Americans is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and invest in working families.
.@HillaryClinton understands we need a tax system which asks billionaires to pay their fair share &amp; reduces the obscene level of inequality.
.@realDonaldTrump’s solution to massive inequality is to provide a tax break worth $353 billion to the top  by ending the estate tax.
In America today we have a grotesque level of wealth &amp; income inequality in which the top  owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%.
"This is a woman I have never  who has stood with my family and me over and over again." 
If we beat the drug industry in California we are going to put them on the defensive and lower the cost of medication across this country.
Must read from @nytimes: Prisons Aren’t the Answer on Immigration 
No one seriously believes that marijuana deserves to be classified beside heroin. It should not be a Schedule 1 drug.
Our Native American brothers and sisters &amp; environmental justice advocates have transformed  into a movement. 
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the @DallasNews endorsed was FDR: 
RT @HillaryforWI: When life gives you lemons, you elect Democrats. 
Hillary's spent the past 30 years fighting for kids and families.

Trump has had a different set of priorities. 
RT @brosandprose: It's time for a history lesson:  
ARIAD's outrageous sales tactics indicate it is more concerned with its profit than with its patients.
"All that progress is at stake if we don't do the right thing over these last 19 days." —@POTUS 
Watch live: @POTUS hits the campaign trail for Hillary in Miami. 
I would have hoped that by 2016 people would campaign on their ideas, not by trying to divide the country with racist and demagogic appeals.
RT @HillaryforIA: When Ruline Steininger was born, women couldn't vote. Today, at 103, she's . 
Have you heard about Hillary's college plan? It'll save the typical student more than $5000:  
Katie McGinty was one of the first Senate candidates to back a $15 minimum wage. I'm pleased to join her on Friday. 
Want to compare Hillary and Trump on transparency?

We stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@ClintonFdn: 4/4 stars from @CharityNav

Trump Fdn: Fined by the IRS for illegal political donation
…
The fossil fuel industry spends billions buying candidates to block almost all progress on climate change. 
RT @TJMShow: .@HillaryClinton stands by @RealDonaldTrump running a deplorable campaign.  His comments have been bigoted, mean and untrue.
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means: 
RT @Newsweek: Our latest cover story: Trump's foreign ties could upend  national security interests  …
NEWS: Sanders Joins Day of Action Against Pacific Trade Pact 
RT @postpolitics: Bernie Sanders pledges ‘end of the exploitation of Native American people’ in fight against Dakota pipeline …
Corporate-backed trade
agreements like TPP have significantly contributed to the race to the bottom and the collapse of our middle class.
Chip in now to get your free sticker, inspired by @FLOTUS: 
Never heard of a “blue collar worker” losing nearly $1 billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in… 
Here's what you need to know about early voting and absentee ballots: 
We're facing a public health emergency, and Republicans in Congress refuse to act. Americans deserve action on Zika. 
People shouldn’t be choosing between buying groceries or getting their prescription. Not in this country.
The drug industry is getting very, very nervous. We are going to take them on and lower the cost of medication acro… 
If you can make billions every single year, you can pay your employees a livable wage.
Glad to be back in Iowa today where it all began for the start of early voting. Find your polling place here:  -H
Help turn out voters in key states where just a few votes could make the difference:  
Gary Johnson: “Any restriction on campaign spending violates the First amendment.”
Translation: Billionaires will be free to buy elections.
We're going to make college debt-free for everyone in America. See how much you could save with Hillary's plan at… 
We make our country greater when we widen the circle of opportunity and invite more people in:… 
RT @Wonkblog: Bernie Sanders wants to know why this cancer drug costs nearly $200,000 a year 
Todos deberían tener acceso a una jubilación digna y cuidado de salud asequible y de calidad  
Let's show the world that we're standing together. Chip in now:   
Show Mike Pence and Donald Trump that we're stronger when we're united, not divided. Chip in now:  
RT @jmpalmieri: @realDonaldTrump lost his second debate tonight.  Both @mike_pence and @timkaine were running against Trump.
RT @BarbaraBoxer: The trust of women IS the issue. Pence and Trump don't trust women. Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine do. 
RT @JohnDingell: Mike Pence continually threatens to defend Trump's horrible comments, then immediately discusses an unrelated topic.

A pr…
Seems like Pence forgot a lot of the things Trump has been saying throughout his campaign! Here to help:  
“Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And you know what else I prepared for?

I prepared to be… 
Hillary was the winner of the first presidential debate—and newspapers across America agree. … 
RT @timkaine: Donald Trump's immigration plan makes it clear that he's more interested in dividing us than uniting us. …
Turns out, hosting Miss Universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills. 
I’ll tell you what, folks, we Democrats have a real fight on our hands and it’s time to get this donkey off its ass. 
Exxon lies about climate change, has billions in profits, gets huge tax breaks and, now, protection by Republicans.

We are going to change national priorities to make the government work for us, not jut big corporations.
RT @TBTimes_Opinion: We are proud to recommend @HillaryClinton for President  
"I want a president who stands up against intolerance."

The cast of @EmpireFOX on why they're with Hillary:… 
RT @ClintonFdn: FACT: The @ClintonFdn spends 87% on its life changing work:  
En los últimos 30 años, la riqueza de 400 estadounidenses ha crecido 736% — 10 veces más que todos los Latin@s. 
Your vote matters. Make sure you're registered:  
Robert Reich is right. It's about time Congress shut the loopholes corporations use to hide the billions they owe. 
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." —Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq 
We should want more people voting, not less. It's time we established automatic voter registration nationally. 
“She gained about 55 pounds  months. She was like an eating machine.” —Trump, a man who wants to be president: 
When Republicans talk about “family values” what they usually mean is opposition to a women's right to choose and opposition to gay rights.
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans 
Thank you @SecretaryCastro for visiting Vermont to discuss new affordable housing for people who are most in need. 
RT @timkaine: This election is about looking in the mirror. Do we see a nation that respects people or divides people? …
RT @DeborahRossNC: Don’t wait until November 8th to vote for Deborah — early vote starts on Thursday. You can still register during early v…
RT @coloradoan: We're live with folks heading to Bernie Sanders' rally at CSU on FB now:  cc @NColtrain
Don't forget, Florida: Your voter registration deadline is tomorrow, 10/18 at 5pm ET. Make sure you're registered a… 
It is not utopian thinking to say that every American should have health insurance as a right. It's reality in many countries already.
Just released my tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. Where are yours? 
Do you know what workers fought for 100 years ago? A 40-hour workweek. 100 years ago. Today, we still have not achieved that goal.
When we talk about fair wages, I hope every man will stand with the women and fight for pay equity for women workers. 
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings. 
Hillary and @TimKaine are campaigning together in Pittsburgh. Tune in now to join them live: 
RT @johnpodesta: America's best idea 100 years ago is still our best idea today. Happy birthday to the @NatlParkService.  https://t.…
Help Hillary win and have a good time!

Join me in making calls:  
The new @NMAAHC is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -H
RT if you believe Donald Trump's actions speak louder than his empty words. 
The time has come to assure our constituents that we understand their anger and frustration by standing up to powerful financial lobbyists.
The  presidency isn't an entry-level job.

How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready: 
If you can dream a business, you should be able to build it.  
When it comes to mental health, help should be focused on treatment, not judgment. 
You all transformed a campaign into an extraordinary and historic movement. And we're not done yet.  
RT @timkaine: When it comes to mental health, help should be focused on treatment, not judgment. 
We cannot ignore the emotional and physical destruction that occurs when we ignore the needs of children in poverty. 
We need to make college debt-free. You shouldn't have to take out loans (or more drastic measures) to attend college 
Young people say two things:
✓ College is too expensive
✓ Student debt is crushing them

We’re going to help them: 
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties—and the national security risks they pose. 
Thanks to @UAW Local 599 for having me in Flint, MI. @BarackObama turned the auto industry around and… 
"It was overwhelming, in every sense of that word." —Betsy, Hillary's oldest friend, on casting the Illinois delega… 
Ahead of tonight's final presidential debate, here are some of Bernie's best takedowns of Donald Trump. 

Hillary is smart, disciplined, and hardworking—just ask @g_keillor. 
One of the most important lessons that Native Americans have brought to this country is that human beings, all of us, are part of nature.
Our free trade agreements have been a disaster. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is more of the same, but even worse. 
Between the three presidential debates, Trump told roughly one lie for every 50 seconds he spoke. 
RT @splcenter: As Alabama shuts down psychiatric hospitals, one jail is expanding to house mentally ill  …
Donald Trump might have gone decades without paying taxes—but he’s not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs. 
RT @russfeingold: We must keep fighting for thousands who don’t have access to safe drinking water in WI.  https:…
RT @timkaine: It’s time to come clean, Donald. Release your tax returns. Explain your business interests.  https://t…
RT @maxlinsky: I'm doing a new podcast that will run through Election Day and @hillaryclinton is my co-host 
 
RT @TheBriefing2016: It's Women's Equality Day. Donald Trump can't say he treats women with respect 
Considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.
Show Hillary you have her back before she steps on stage tonight—chip in now: 
“The choice that you make, that we make, will determine the direction of this country for a long time." —@POTUS:… 
RT @Hillary_esp: .@TimKaine pide que visiten  y se registren para votar. 
In a single year Valeant hiked up the price more than 2,700%. We must bring their greed to an end.
While kids in Flint are poisoned by lead, Valeant charges $27,000 for the leading treatment. 
RT @tammybaldwin: I'm proud to serve as the first openly-gay Senator &amp; I encourage you to continue fighting for social justice for all …
"I often think of that moment when we both came out to each other: me as a gay woman and Hillary as my ally." —Mira 
Congress’ agenda should represent the agenda of the American people, not just a few billionaires.
When we all show up on November 8, we'll secure @POTUS's legacy and build on our progress:  
RT @Hillary_esp: Celebramos la trayectoria de Sonia Sotomayor, una pionera que ha abierto el camino para muchos otros. …
When I was a kid I learned every day what a lack of money means to a family. That's a lesson I have never forgotten and never will forget.
RT @Peter_J_K: It's official: If Trump releases his tax returns veterans will get $6M+. Has he even paid taxes in the last 18 years? We des…
Progress is on the ballot.  
You cannot have sane public policy if you reject science which is precisely what Donald Trump and other Republicans are doing.
Before Mike Pence takes the debate stage to defend his running mate, remember the time Trump couldn't decide whethe… 
Post-traumatic stress isn't something strong people can handle &amp; weak people can't.

Trump’s comments aren't just ignorant, they’re harmful.
“I learned that preparation is important.” —Hillary on what she learned by debating Donald Trump
How can Trump, with a straight face, object to outsourcing while his own company exploits workers around the world to make his products?
Thanks @MichiganDems @HillaryforMI for having me at the Best of the West dinner in Kalamazoo. Great crowd, great lo… 
.@realDonaldTrump took credit for racist birther campaign and then referred to @POTUS as “your" president. No Donal… 
At the debate 80 million saw @HillaryClinton show she is ready, and saw Donald Trump show what a 
handful he’s goi… 
They're voting. Are you? Make sure you're registered:  
RT @nytimes: Exclusive: NYT has obtained parts of Trump's 1995 tax records. He could have paid no federal income tax for 18 years https://t…
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Good morning! Four weeks from today is the election. What you do to volunteer could decide it--it's that close. https:/…
Does Trump have the discipline to be a good leader? You decide. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Happy anniversary! 4 years ago today, Romney released his 2011 tax returns (which Trump urged him to do). Where are Tr…
We should value people who graduate from apprenticeship programs as much as people who have a college degree. 
Trump’s tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead: 
Find out how much you could save under Hillary's plan to tackle the student loan crisis: 
RT @MaddowBlog: Clinton and Trump are confirmed to participate in a "Commander-in-chief" forum with @IAVA on @MSNBC September 7th https://t…
RT @UncleRUSH: Those of us who are compassionate need to put someone in office who will take care of those of us who are less fortunate. …
Let's end the system of private prisons and detention centers, and the era of mass incarceration along with it. 
Hillary's got some great advice for college students. 
.@SenWarren is right: "The only way that Wall Street will change is if executives face jail time when they preside over massive frauds.”
Donald Trump is using his foundation—funded by other people's money—to settle lawsuits. 
“You didn’t blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey.

These are the kinds of decisions that would keep… 
RT @fcnp: Editorial: We Endorse Clinton &amp; Kaine 
The struggle over income and wealth inequality is the struggle over whether all people have the opportunity to live… 
Trump's plan wouldn't just cut taxes for rich people—it would raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. 
Study after study shows the American people are the world’s most overworked people. They deserve better than starvation wages.
We can build a future where we’re stronger together. That’s who we are as Americans. Text JOIN to 47246 to get involved.
"As your Commander-in-Chief, I will not trash our country’s most cherished values. I will defend them.” —Hillary
We’re going to guarantee equal pay for women. It is long overdue. 
What’s the best way to stand up for voting rights? Get registered: 
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like. 
I spent an afternoon visiting with retirees in Pennsylvania, and one thing is clear—they aren't buying what Donald… 
.@SpeakerRyan is behaving contrary to what we teach our sons. Not enough to remain silent. Must repudiate sexual assault, stop it 
RT @timkaine: I spent an afternoon visiting with retirees in Pennsylvania, and one thing is clear—they aren't buying what Donald Trump is s…
Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day. 

  
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows he’s right. 
Can a man who lost $1 billion in one year, stiffed small businesses, and may have paid no taxes really claim he's "… 
Talk about a blast from the past. Have a safe and happy Halloween, everyone! 
RT @HillaryforAZ: BREAKING: @TimKaine will deliver remarks entirely in Spanish this Thursday in Phoenix.  
RT @HFA: Happy Hilloween!  
RT @thenation: Bernie Sanders wants Election Day to be a holiday, which would dramatically increase turnout. 
5) The Native American people have been taken advantage of for too long. They have been lied to and exploited. That has got to stop.
4) It is simply unacceptable to build a project like this without the approval of the Native American residents who live there.
3) Oil transported through the pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars or 30 coal plants.
2) The Missouri River provides drinking water for 10 states and 28 tribes. A leak could threaten access to clean water for millions.
1) The pipeline will transport 20 million gallons of crude oil every day. A spill would potentially threaten dozens of bodies of water.
There are many reasons the Dakota Access Pipeline should be stopped. I want to call attention to a few of the biggest. 
Americans pay, by far, the highest prices for prescription drugs in the entire world. 
We must stand united with our Native American brothers and sisters and say: Stop the Dakota Access Pipeline. Respect Native American rights.
RT @HillaryforME: Big news: @SenSanders is coming back to our great state this Tuesday. You don't want to miss this! RSVP here → https://t.…
Not paying taxes makes Trump just another greedy billionaire who avoids paying his fair share of taxes while childr… 
Defeating Trump is not enough. After the election I intend to make certain that we implement Democratic platform. 
Election Day is an important day, but so is the day after. 
.@Koch_Industries Our great nation can no longer be hijacked by right-wing billionaires like the Koch brothers. 
RT @HillaryforNH: This time tomorrow, @BernieSanders will be speaking in Plymouth! Come get out the vote with us:  h…
We do not need a president whose cornerstone of his campaign is bigotry, is insulting Mexicans and Latinos, and Mus… 
Donald Trump's equal pay plan for women: "You're gonna make the same if you do as good a job." 
Share this if you're voting today for National Early Vote Day!  
"The thought of Donald Trump with nuclear weapons scares me to death. It should scare everyone." 
With just 8 days left, this can’t wait. RT if you agree Trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and conne… 
Computer scientists have apparently uncovered a covert server linking the Trump Organization to a Russian-based ban… 
It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia.  
"Think about what it takes to lead in a very complicated world and in whose hands you want to put the safety of our children.” —Hillary
"When it comes to handling a crisis, we’ve seen in this campaign, Donald Trump loses his cool at the slightest provocation.” —Hillary
Dozens of former nuclear launch officers agree: Donald Trump should never be in charge of America's nuclear weapons.
RT @FranklinFoer: I just reported: Donald Trump has a secret  connects to Moscow. 

Hillary’s in Ohio with just 8 days left in the campaign. Watch live: 
RT @Slate: Was a Trump server communicating with a Russian bank? These cyber experts believe so.  …
A guide to help you make your choice for president. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: "Government insiders are perplexed." 

We would go farther.


Incredible.  
RT @CNBC: FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source  (via @EamonJavers)
Sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time. This is one of those moments. 
"That’s what’s on the ballot this year. It’s not just my name and Donald Trump’s name. It’s our future. Our security. Our values." —Hillary
"With the election just 8 days  should immediately disclose all of his ties and connections to the Kremlin and its associates."
Why would Putin want Trump to win?
The nice things he’s said about him?
His promise to adopt pro-Kremlin policies?
Or his business dealings?
 intelligence has confirmed the Russian government is directing cyberattacks against the  to influence the outcome of our election.
"Ask yourself: In a crisis, who would you trust? Who would listen to good advice, keep a level head, and make the right call?” —Hillary
What kind of a person brags on 9/11 that, now that the Twin Towers had fallen, a building he owned was the tallest in Lower Manhattan?
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
“[Launching a nuclear weapon] can take as little as 4 minutes. 4 minutes. That’s  should never be put in charge.” —Hillary
Donald Trump has repeatedly suggested that more countries should have nuclear weapons. Japan, South Korea, even Saudi Arabia.
Instead of dark and divisive, our vision for America is hopeful and inclusive. Big-hearted, not small-minded. It’s about lifting people up.
With just 8 days until Election Day, Hillary is speaking in Ohio. Join her live: 
Trump's already threatened our national security. That'll be the tip of the iceberg if he becomes president. 
RT @TheRoot: Exclusive: @HillaryClinton writes about plans for a $25 billion HBCU investment &amp; tuition free public universities …
Here's what foreign policy experts, diplomats, and world leaders think about Hillary's four years as America's secr… 
As secretary of state, Hillary restored our reputation around the world and made us safer. 
In 1964, Monique was three years old and appeared in “Daisy,” a political ad about avoiding nuclear war. Here’s wha… 
RT @PostOpinions: Eric Holder: James Comey is a good man, but he made a serious mistake 
RT @WhiteHouse: “This gives us the best possible shot to save the one planet we’ve got” —@POTUS on the    …
We've got 51 days left to win this thing. Make sure you're ready:  
RT @BernieSanders: When we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate. …
Our veterans—especially prisoners of war and those missing in action—deserve nothing less than our utmost respect. 
RT @MSNBC: Don't miss Senator Bernie Sanders on @allinwithchris tonight at 8  ET! Tune in to MSNBC. 
Republicans in Washington are working overtime to protect the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations. 
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?" 
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records. 
RT @HillaryClinton: The new @NMAAHC is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflect…
400 billionaires have more wealth than the bottom 62% of  households combined. That’s not what America's supposed to be about.
"Vote." —@Lin_Manuel  
It's not just a value—it's a real plan.  
"I have a winning temperament." —Donald Trump last night 

Really?  
What is Donald Trump's position on climate change? He thinks it's a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. That is insane.
"No matter how daunting the odds, she never—ever—quits. That is the Hillary I know." —@POTUS

Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else. 
RT @HillaryforCO: WATCH: @TimKaine on what it means to grow up in a small business family. 

The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax. 
RT @JamilSmith: Clinton today released a “sweeping agenda” to address America’s mental health problem, per @NickGass. …
When unions are strong, everyone benefits. Let's reflect on that strength and the progress we've made for working families. Happy !
This is truly unbelievable. The  middle class has a lower share of wealth than China, India and Brazil. 
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same. 
Every minute of Michelle Obama’s 30 minute speech today is worth watching. 
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back:  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren teaming up Sunday to pitch Clinton to progressives 
Great news for North Carolinians. Let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -H 
RT @HillaryClinton: Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future → …
This is a promising sign. We must do all that we can to shift away from our dependency on fossil fuels. 
This election is too important for anyone to sit out.

Text JOIN to 47246 or go to  Let’s go win this, together.
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected we’ve ever seen.
"Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'—including a lot of Republicans. I’m honored to have their support."
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that Barack Obama is an American citizen and "a decent person."
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love America just as much as I do.'
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.”

We know who Trump is.
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party. 
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work: 
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but he’s had to fire so many campaign managers it’s like an episode of the Apprentice.
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world— billion men, women, and children—from entering the  just because of their religion.
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if you’re born in the , you’re an American citizen. 
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country. 
Look at the policies Trump has proposed—they would put prejudice into practice. 
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination.

Of course there’s absolutely no evidence of that.
Trump claimed that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks.

They didn’t. 
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan. 
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website. 
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people. 
If Donald Trump doesn’t respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans? 
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals. 
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isn’t really an American. 
State regulators fined one of Trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Watch Hillary speak live at the  in New York City: 
Six reasons you need to vote, courtesy of @FLOTUS.  
Tune in to watch Hillary on @JimmyKimmelLive, 11:35 ET/10:35 CT. 
RT @NewRepublic: "My hope is that the movement continues to go forward," @SenSanders tells our Eric Bates in this in-depth interview  https…
There are a lot of bullies in this world. The last thing we need is one in the White House. 
Making prescription drugs affordable is not a partisan issue. It is a life-or-death issue.
Just 17 days left in this campaign. If you're proud to stand with Hillary, chip in now and get your free sticker: 
To my Republican colleagues: If you don’t have the guts to defend your ideas in a free election, get another job.
The health care system isn't designed to keep us healthy, it's designed to make huuuge profits.
When Hillary learned that the families of the fallen were only promised $12,000 in benefits, she took action. 
We can't let Donald Trump bully his way to the presidency. 
When people leave college they should be able to start their life with excitement, not be saddled with outrageous levels of student debt.
Our job is to have the highest voter turnout in the world, not one of the lowest.
When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote.

In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president. 
Time and time again the government has broken its solemn promise to respect Native American sovereign rights. Now it's time for real change.
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and @realDonaldTrump's connections to white supremacy and hate groups: 
Scientists are no longer wondering if climate change is real or not. What they are saying now is it's happening even faster than predicted.
RT @paulkrugman: Let's be clear: a candidate for president promised to put his opponent in jail if he wins. Everything else is secondary.
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match. 
The business model of the largest financial institutions in this country and, in fact, around the world is fraud.
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders calls Trump tax revelation "outrageous."  
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign. 
Corporate profits stashed overseas cost the  $717 billion —enough to pay off the federal deficit with $127 billion left over.
"Once she was made aware that America had children languishing in foster  attitude was: not on my watch."… 
The fossil fuel industry is responsible for our massive methane buildup. Another reason to !

We should do everything we can to keep immigrant families together—not threaten to tear them apart. 
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what America stands for. 
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.

RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders answers the most important question: Why should his supporters vote for Hillary Clinton? (a NowThis exclus…
It’s time to end the morally repugnant private prison racket, and along with it, the era of mass incarceration.
RT @ZekeJMiller: Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades …
RT @nytimes: Donald Trump's tax plan would add to the federal debt and Hillary Clinton’s wouldn’t, study finds 
"Hillary and I have lost a true and treasured friend." —@BillClinton and Hillary on the passing of Shimon Peres 
If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. 

Make sure you're ready to vote:  
Chip in $10 and get a Tim Kaine button pack:   
I believe Americans who care about our country, our kids and our veterans understand that we must pay our taxes – even the billionaires.
Day after day Donald Trump insults women and veterans and Mexicans. We need a president that brings us together not divides us up.
RT @readbrooks: Sanders: "Look at which candidate is going to stand up for working families, and which candidate is going to stand up for t…
RT @timkaine: You're never too old to invite your parents to your . Tune in to watch at 9pm ET. 
If you're on @TimKaine's team tonight, chip in before the  to let him know:  
Wall Street won’t change until we make it clear that no bank is too big to fail and no CEO is too big to jail. 
RT @azcentral: The Arizona Republic ed board has endorsed @HillaryClinton. See why:  via @azcopinions 
20 years after Donald bullied a beauty pageant winner for her weight, the real "problem"  Donald. 
RT @kurteichenwald: In @Newsweek: A Pres Trump could not conduct US foreign policy w/o affecting his personal bank account.  …
RT @kurteichenwald: In @Newsweek: Trump Organization business would place national security at risk, even undermining the war on ISIS. http…
Saddened by the passing of Choco Meza, a historic figure in Texas politics &amp; beloved friend on our team. My prayers… 
RT @billmckibben: Sometimes I write a piece I think worth sharing. This is about the need to treat climate change as what it is: a war http…
In four years, DACA has helped bring more than 700,000 people out of the shadows. Now it's time to create a path to citizenship.
Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden:
✓ Our businesses created 15 million new jobs.
✓ 20 million people have health care.

No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau. 
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America great—that our economy should work for everyone—not just those at the top.
"No matter how far he travels, @JoeBiden never forgets where he’s from." —Hillary in Scranton 
.@JoeBiden’s hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now:  
There's no reason an , which costs Mylan just a few dollars to make, should cost families hundreds of dollars.
We need a president who sees the best in all of us. 
Lots of states have registration deadlines today—and she's counting on you to turn out on November 8.… 
"President Hillary Clinton on her worst day would be so superior to a President Donald Trump on any day." 
It’s time for Congress to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry. We need senators like @DeborahRossNC who will fi… 
Donald Trump may lie, but the tape doesn't. 
Hillary just showed us why she'll make such a great president. I couldn't be prouder to be her running mate.
RT @HillaryClinton: RT if you’re proud of Hillary tonight.   
3 for 3. Clean sweep. @HillaryClinton crushed @realDonaldTrump. She's ready to be our next @POTUS.   
RT if you’re proud of Hillary tonight.   
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald Trump earlier tonight

"Such a nasty woman." —Donald Trump just now 
We’re nervous because we’ve been here once or twice before on trade. 
You can't call the TPP progressive if it includes a special court for corporations to challenge legitimate policies. 
We can’t do any of these things without your help.
Our future is on the ballot.
Let's prove that : 
A four-year college should not be the only path to a middle-class life: 
Let’s make college tuition-free for any family whose income is $125,000 or less and debt-free for everyone. 
No parent should pay more than 10% of their income on quality child care.
We need to raise the minimum wage so nobody who works full-time is still in poverty: 
We need to bring technical education back to our schools: 
As president Hillary will stand up for kids and families. She’s done it her whole life: 
"I want this election to be about something, not just against somebody.” —Hillary in Iowa: 
Tune in now to watch Hillary kick off Iowa early voting live from Des Moines: 
Trump's plan to repeal the estate tax alone would give a $269 billion tax break over a 10-year period to the top two-tenths of 1 percent.
Meanwhile, Trump is proposing huge tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires while gutting the Department of Education and the EPA.
He's the poster child of failed trade policies:
❌ Trump clothing made in Mexico
❌ Trump ties made in China
❌ Trump shirts made in Bangladesh
How serious is Trump about fixing the trade problem? From (now-defunct) Trump University: "Outsourcing Creates Jobs in the Long Run."
Wanna know why Trump believes wages are too high in the   He is used to paying 30 cents an hour in low-wage countries abroad.
Donald says he will "fix" trade.  He can start by shutting down his own sweatshops in Bangladesh and pay workers in the  a living wage.
Why would we even expect Trump to come up with a serious plan to fix a rigged economy? He's the one who rigged it.
Donald Trump is only looking out for himself and his billionaire friends? Not surprised. 

RT @HillaryClinton: We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly. 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes. But more than that, thank you for your incredible support over the last year. 
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly. 
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
"Everyone  stumbled on their own stony roads. It’s grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.” —Hillary to the @nbcusa_inc
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." —Hillary
Do all the good you can,
for all the people you can,
in all the ways you can,
for as long as you can. 
This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.

Make sure your friends are registered to vote. 
Let's beat back the assault on voting rights—a blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped.

We should expand voting rights instead.
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
Together, we’ll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system. 
This kind of behavior is disgusting. It makes me sick to my stomach. 
Women have the power to stop Trump.


 
RT @timkaine: This kind of behavior is disgusting. It makes me sick to my stomach. 
RT @mayaharris_: We must ensure access to safe and legal abortion for all women—not just in principle but in practice.  https…
RT @meredeetch: Even after the 19th was ratified, women of color battled to get to vote.  had to take a literacy test. https:…
RT @HillaryforMN: Hello, Minnesota! Happy to be back at the Get-Together. —@MartinOMalley  
On , celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it: 
Even as we celebrate the 19th Amendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. That fight continues today.
RT @timkaine: RT if you believe Donald Trump's actions speak louder than his empty words. 
At the , Mike Pence tried really, really hard to deny pretty much everything Donald Trump has said and don… 
RT @lorellapraeli: Got to share my story &amp; talk about why our voice is our vote on @TheRivetersPod. Register:  http…
RT @AndraDayMusic: I was honored to be a part of history at the DNC. Hillary Clinton is an inspiration for women everywhere.
…
We have some bad news for Donald. Not only is he not going to be president but he is going to start paying his fair share of taxes.
 
Barack Obama’s greatest strength? “Probably that I’m always early.”  
On August 24, I will address our volunteers live at more than 2,000 organizing meetings across the  Attend one: 
At Monday's debate, Donald Trump wanted to show he could be trusted to run the country, but he couldn't even tell t… 
Trump's plan:
Cut taxes for billionaires &amp; millionaires like him.
Raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. 
Many states have voter registration deadlines today. Don't sit out—make sure you're registered to vote: 
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.” 
Jay Z is right: We have to end the war on drugs. 
If you're in college—or have a kid who is—find out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan: 
RT @timkaine: People have seen almost 40 years of tax returns from Hillary. One set from Trump really isn't too much to ask. …
You can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes, Donald. 
We just passed 2300 events in every state for the August 24 launch of Our Revolution!  
The stories behind some of the history-making women of @TeamUSA.  
We don’t need more austerity for the middle class. We don’t need to cut Medicare and Medicaid. It is time for some austerity for the top 1%.
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do.  -H
It's time to tell @WellsFargo that Wall Street works for Main Street—not the other way around. 
RT @ChelseaClinton: What a wonderful tribute to Mrs. Obama &amp; the incredible role model she’s been to countless people, including me https:/…
If this proposal can win in Colorado, I believe it will spread all around the country. 
It is absurd that America is still the only major country on earth that does not guarantee healthcare as a right to all its people.
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward. 

There's no higher calling than service to others. 
Preschool should not cost parents more than sending their kids to college. We need a revolution in child care.
Catch @FallonTonight at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans. 
Unions know—we're stronger together. Labor will always have a seat at the table in the Clinton-Kaine White House.… 
RT @RevDrBarber: Not only is @realDonaldTrump wrong on birtherism, his words and policies are bad for Americans alive now and our children…
Today is a sobering reminder of setbacks we faced, sacrifices made, and our ability to come together &amp; conquer the challenges we face (3/3)
We also remember the courage of our first responders and the people w/out badges who showed unflinching bravery in the face of terror (2/3)
15 years ago today, our nation came together in the face of unfathomable tragedy and loss. Together we mourn the lives that were lost (1/3)
Paul Ryan knows that if the GOP loses the Senate we're going to enact our progressive agenda. Let's make it happen. 
Wow! What a game. What a season. Congrats to the @Cubs and all their fans. 
Hillary is prepared to be president—are you prepared to help get her there? Make a plan to vote today: 
Every conversation counts when it comes to keeping Trump out of the White House. Make calls for Hillary today: 
Our kids are watching. Make them proud—make a plan to vote:  
RT @HillaryClinton: Heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in Iowa. There’s no justification for this kind of v…
9 of 10 Americans blame the pharmaceutical industry for the high cost of health care. It's time to end their greed… 
Construction on the pipeline should be stopped until the Army Corps of Engineers completes a full cultural and environmental review.
I am very grateful to @POTUS for listening to Native Americans and their allies who have been protesting the Dakota… 
Republicans should worry less about the drug makers funding their campaigns and more about skyrocketing drug prices. 
The business model of the drug industry is fraud. Glaxo put patients at risk to increase their profits. 
If you want someone to stand up to billionaires like the Koch brothers, then you have to vote for @russfeingold. 
.@russfeingold and I have worked together for years. I cannot wait, believe me, to see him back by my side in the U… 
Too many people have died fighting for American democracy. Don’t let Donald Trump and his friends intimidate you.
Tough times require bold leadership. That's why I'm supporting @SueMinterVT for governor. 
RT @russfeingold: Hey , we need your grassroots support now more than ever!

Step up, and stand with Russ now: …
RT @ZephyrTeachout: We have to take on big pharma--they spend so much on lobbying and keeping out competitors, and people bear the burden.
RT @nowthisnews: "Damn right" — @BernieSanders on stopping the  
Not only is Donald Trump going to lose on November 8th, but next year he's going to start paying his fair share of taxes.
Donald J. Trump: The worst candidate for president in the modern history of the United States. 
Thanks @MonmouthDems @NJDSC @HillaryforNJ for having me! Let's elect Dems from @HillaryClinton down to county offic… 
My heart goes out to the law enforcement community in Des Moines for their unfathomable loss.
Friends in NJ and Southeast PA - I'm here today campaigning for @HillaryClinton and local Dems! Hope to see you: 
"I'm casting my vote early for Hillary Clinton, and I urge you to vote early for Hillary, too." —@FLOTUS 
They did it! 108 years later and the drought is finally over. Way to make history, @Cubs.  -H
RT @HillaryforAZ: What a night.  
RT @JohnDingell: Well, now that we all have a free  go ahead and sign up to volunteer for @HillaryClinton this weekend: https://t.…
"More than 31 million people have already voted early." —Hillary

Join them → 
"About half of the people he wants to deport—they’ve paid more taxes than Donald Trump has paid.” —Hillary in Arizona
We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down. 
"Even if you’re not for me, I promise, I will be for you as your president.” —Hillary in Arizona
Last week, Sheriff Joe Arpaio was charged with contempt of court for racially profiling Latinos.

Donald Trump supports him.
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@HillaryClinton at  the Arizona Democratic Party Early Vote Rally at  Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. https:…
6 days until the most important election of our lifetimes. 

Join Hillary live in Arizona → 
The perpetrators who set the Hopewell  Church in MS on fire must be brought to justice. This kind of hate has no place in America. -H
RT @HFA: These women were born before women had the right to vote. Now they’re voting for Hillary. 
RT @HillaryforAZ: A Democrat hasn't won Arizona since 1996, but you wouldn't know it looking at this @HillaryClinton rally in Tempe! 🙌🙌🏻🙌🏼🙌…
Sign up for the chance to join Hillary on Election Night in NYC—and bring a guest! We'll take care of the details: 
"I know it seems a little odd for someone running for president to say we need more love and kindness in America." 
Barack. Michelle. Joe. You?

Make a plan to vote: 
“I will do my best to bring people together, not pull them ’s make sure we win on Tuesday and prove that love trumps hate.”
"Girls would grow up with a president  about doing things to them without their consent." —Hillary on Donald Trump
Imagine that it’s January 20, 2017. Ask yourself, what will life be like for you under President Trump?

→ 
“I will be a president who seeks to find common ground while standing my ground.” —Hillary
"Everyone is safer when the police respect the people they protect and when the people respect the police who serve them.” —Hillary
Hillary is in Las Vegas, just 6 days from Election Day. Tune in to watch her live: 
Trump "doesn’t look at us as full human beings, with our dreams and our purposes, our own capabilities.” 
"I've been bullied for being Muslim.  It hurts, you know."

This is the Trump Effect: 
"Our democracy is on the ballot right now—and Hillary gives us a chance to advance our democracy.” —@POTUS

Go vote: 
"America depends on you. You! All of you.” —@POTUS

Make your plan to go vote:  
"She believes we can summon what’s best in each of us and make this country better for all of us.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"You have a candidate who is worthy of your vote—who is smart, who is steady, who is tested.” —@POTUS on Hillary 
"If you disrespect women before you were president, you will disrespect women when you’re in office.” —@POTUS
RT @politico: .@POTUS: There is only one candidate who has devoted her entire life to lifting up America, and that's Hillary Clinton. https…
"This guy is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief and he’s not equipped to be president.” —@POTUS on Trump in North Carolina
Watch live: @POTUS hits the trail for Hillary in North Carolina with just 6 days to go → 
Lawrence Ramos is a first generation American, a World War II and Korean War veteran, and a proud Hillary supporter. 
"27 million strong all ready to vote for freedom, equality, and reason—traits that seem to have gone out of season." 
Our choice is between the most qualified candidate in decades—and a man who once started a Twitter war with Cher.… 
Thanks, Louis —but it's "Madam" Tough Mother. 
RT @TraceeEllisRoss: It was an honor introducing @HillaryClinton in Las Vegas. Election Day is Tuesday! Are you ready? …
Heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in Iowa. There’s no justification for this kind of violence. -H
We are not going to let big business and big corporations call the shots anymore. That is not working for us.… 
Our children are watching to see what kind of example we set for them. 
"I would like to extend my warmest congratulations to António Guterres on his appointment as the next Secretary-Gen… 
By closing loopholes that let companies stash profits abroad, we could save taxpayers almost $700 billion. That’s our whole defense budget.
Every American deserves quality mental health care—without shame or stigma.  
43 times Donald Trump lied—or was just totally wrong—on the debate stage last night: 
Hillary's been fighting for kids and families her entire career—and that's the experience she'll take to the White… 
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost of failing to do so as soon as possible.
Donald Trump's position on climate change is so ludicrous that it really would be funny if the future of the planet were not at stake.
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax. @HillaryClinton understands we must transition to renewable energy. The choice is clear.
In honor of Natl  Day, lets commit our country to passing the   so that no one is discriminated for being who they are
“Elections have consequences. Your vote counts. Your vote has consequences.” —@AlGore 
"Hillary Clinton will make solving the climate crisis a top national priority.” —@AlGore
RT @johnpodesta: We can fight climate change because our next president has a plan. @HillaryClinton  
RT @johnpodesta: Hillary won’t just meet the goals we set in Paris—she’ll aim to exceed them &amp; cut emissions as much as 30% by 2025. https:…
We need to elect people up and down the ballot, at every level of government, who take climate change seriously and are ready to take it on.
The Paris Climate Agreement is our last, best chance to solve the climate crisis.

Donald Trump wants to cancel it. 
RT @johnpodesta: And whether or not he chooses to acknowledge climate change in his campaign, even Donald can’t ignore it  https:…
"The clean energy superpower of the 21st century is probably going to be Germany, China, or us—and I want it to be us." —Hillary in Miami
The choice we face on climate change. 
FACT: The Pentagon has identified climate change as a threat to America’s national security.
At this rate, 1 in 8 homes in Florida could be underwater by the end of the century, when kids born today are grandparents.
I've met so many people with dreams of progress and opportunity. But that can’t happen in an economy that funnels all wealth to the top.
Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans.

Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months: 
Our veterans must receive timely access to the quality of care they have earned and deserve.  
On Election Day, let's show what it means to be stronger together:  
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters. 
Ellen's ping pong skills are second only to her dance moves. Catch me on @TheEllenShow today! 
RT @OversightDems: .@RepCummings: It’s time to start doing our job   
How is Mylan's price gouging impacting patients? Many have to use expired EpiPens because they can't afford new med… 
A man from Oklahoma pays more than $300 a month for a medicine that was $4 in 2010. He is now disabled because he c… 
Mark from Plainville, Conn., wrote that his drug for Crohn’s disease went up from $75 a month to $700 a month and h… 
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Health Care &amp; Prescription Drug Prices - LIVE on C-SPAN2  
I would hope my Republican colleagues get their priorities right with respect to lowering the outrageous cost of prescription drugs.
Curing cancer is a far higher priority to our people than repealing the Estate Tax so billionaire families can have even more money.
A disability shouldn't define your future.

At @ChildDefender, Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed. 
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them. 
RT @HillaryClinton: This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president. 
We need a tax code that asks the wealthy, like Donald Trump, to pay their fair share and stop burdening the middle class.
I have met people in every state who have hope in their eyes and are prepared to come together to transform our cou… 
This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president. 
If we as a nation do not get our act together, in my view, we will move even more rapidly in the direction of an oligarchy.
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. Ann Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond. 
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it. 
Our goal must be to make sure that American made products, not American jobs are our number-one export.
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put America's security over his own financial interests? 
Middle class families pay their taxes. But billionaires like Mr. Trump don't have to thanks to their friends in Congress.
"We truly are stronger together — and together, we’re going to make history."

A note from Hillary: 
RT @daveweigel: Hillary’s up-front promise to raise the min wage was the first debate mention of the min wage — at all — since 2004. https:…
RT @POTUS: Couldn't be more proud of @HillaryClinton. Her vision and command during last night's debate showed that she's ready to be our n…
Huge corporations can’t be allowed to use loopholes and tax havens to boost their obscene profits even higher. I applaud the EU’s decision.
Apple's earnings in 2015 were the highest reported of any corporation in history, yet apparently that wasn't enough. 
“This is why I do it and this is who I’m in it for—to make life better for children and families." —Hillary 
Young people, with their idealism and energy and intelligence, are essential to making America into what it can become.
We can create a nation where 20% of our kids are not living in poverty.
RT @WhiteHouse: "What I want the people of Louisiana to know is this—you’re not alone."—@POTUS in Baton Rouge:  …
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting them—not stiffing them. 
Trade policies should protect, not endanger, the interests of American workers.
We cannot turn back the clock by electing a president whose birther conspiracy was a racist attack on our first African-American president.
How did we have so much money available to go to war in Iraq, but somehow Republicans won’t send money to Flint? 
RT @VoterRegDay: Former Maryland Gov + and current @GUPolitics fellow, @MartinOMalley shows up for . …
This election is too important to sit out. Go to  and make sure you're registered.  -H
When Donald Trump goes  to vote:  
It is vital we show our solidarity with the Native American people of this country. 
RT @PramilaJayapal: Thanks to our speakers, staff, volunteers, &amp; everyone else who helped to create such an incredible night! …
We have virtually no voter fraud in America. What is the fraud is that people are changing laws because of so-called voter fraud.
Today on , we remember the struggles of workers and their unions going back to way back when. 
North Korea’s decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable. 
Watch live as @ElizabethForMA campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia →  
This year, Janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate. 
"I will defend women's rights to make their own health care decisions." —Hillary 
I join with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the many tribal nations fighting the dangerous Dakota Access pipeline. 
As a nation, our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence on oil.  
The Dakota Access fracked oil pipeline will transport some of the dirtiest fuel on the planet. It must be stopped. 
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He’s taking hate groups mainstream.
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." —Hillary
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future → 
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values. 
These kids are as American as you or me—and that's why we need to protect DACA. 
RT @PramilaJayapal:  Reverse disastrous Citizens United decision. 
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help: 
RT @Deadspin: "We don't win anymore." 
I believe that after working families bailed out Wall Street, maybe it’s their time to help the middle class of this country.
Our kids see the president as a role model. How will they see Donald Trump?

In total, Trump wants to provide a $3 trillion tax cut to Americans who make over $1 million a year.
🎧 Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1: 
We can combat voter suppression and increase turnout by ensuring that anyone who is of voting age is automatically registered to vote.
RT @Salon: Robert Reich makes the case for a single-payer health plan 
RT @Hillary_esp: Escuchamos claramente los comentarios de Trump demonizando a los inmigrantes la primera vez, la segunda, 
https:…
Must Read: Aetna CEO Threatened Obamacare Pullout If Feds Opposed Humana Merger 
We must always remember that change almost never happens from the top down, it happens from the bottom up.
43 days left. Let’s go win this thing:   
RT @madeleine: .@timkaine That's what we @Wellesley girls do! And it's so clear @HillaryClinton is the only candidate prepared to be presid…
 
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." —@LATimes 
Must read from @VanJones68: How TPP threatens our progress on climate change 
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: @realdonaldtrump used more $250K+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.   https…
We've got some serious work ahead in addressing the problems in our criminal justice system:  
Since implementation, DACA has protected more than 700K young immigrants from deportation. It is time to protect their families as well.
RT @HillaryforCO: On the fourth anniversary of , Juan remembers that "glass ceiling-shattering moment"→ 
High drug prices isn’t just about people dying, it’s about people having to go deeply into debt to get the medication they need.
Did Trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud? 
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." —Hillary on meeting disability rights advocate @AnastasiaSomoza 
RT @timkaine: I wouldn't tolerate anyone talking to my daughter like that, and she wouldn't either. 
I think I'll leave the ping pong to Ellen. Thanks @TheEllenShow for having me! 
It is not utopian thinking to say that every American should have health insurance as a right. It's reality in many countries already.
RT @MoveOn: Check out the policy commitments that have @BernieSanders and @MichelleObama boasting about @HillaryClinton. …
Trump has a “brilliant" idea to deport 11 million undocumented people. @HillaryClinton and I believe we need real immigration reform.
Tonight is the final presidential debate. RT this if you're with Hillary.  
RT @TheDemocrats: We are Democrats. Let’s make some more history:  
Your vote matters. If it didn't, why would people be trying so hard to take it away? 
It's tough to start a small business—but it's even harder for women and people of color. We're going to change that… 
This election will have record turnout, because voters see through Trump’s shameful attempts to undermine it just w… 
RT @TheDemocrats: “Don't just tweet about my speech last week – if you liked that speech, then go vote.” –Michelle Obama 

Here’s how: http…
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump. 
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000. 
While working families are desperately trying to find quality childcare at an affordable cost, we are turning our backs on those families.
RT @TheBriefing2016: "I happen to have a tremendous feeling for Mexican Americans.” —Donald Trump, August 31, 2016  
RT @Hillary_esp: El plan de Trump sobre inmigración ha sido claro: demonizar inmigrantes, "construir la muralla", deportar millones. https:…
Proud to be on a ticket that trusts women to make their own health choices and stand with @PPact. 
As Trump meets with President Peña Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things he’s said about Mexico: 
Over a third of financial executives have seen potentially criminal wrongdoing firsthand. We can’t pretend this isn’t a problem.
"I know more about ISIS than the generals do." —Donald Trump

No, you don't. 
"It will send a strong and powerful  we truly believe in equality." —@RepJohnLewis

Register to vote:… 
RT @denveropinion: ENDORSEMENT: The Denver Post endorses Hillary Clinton for president - it's an easy call.
 https:/…
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems." 
It is crazy that we have veterans sleeping out on the streets, who risked their lives to defend us.
RT @JoeBiden: Every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. Proud to celebrate 22 years of the Violence Against…
Join @SarahEMcBride and activists across the country in supporting LGBT rights this November: 
At the 2016 DNC, @HRC Press Secretary @SarahEMcBride became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention. 
With your help we can reach 2700 meetings where we will talk about the next steps for Our Revolution. Can you host? 
Reminder: While Trump probably pays no federal taxes, he wants a $4 billion tax break for his own family.… 
Donald Trump likes to talk trash, but he only has good things to say about Putin. 
We should not pass trade agreements that are opposed by practically every union, which represent millions of American workers.
.@realdonaldtrump's ad goes against our values. We are made stronger by immigrants &amp; Americans will reject this fear mongering.
78% of Americans want government action lower drug prices. We must negotiate drug prices as almost every other majo… 
Trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets.… 
Hillary Clinton held fast to dreams and made history. Thank you for including my family and me on this incredible j… 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Trump 
"Be not afraid; only believe.” Mark 5:36
Thank you @HillaryClinton for giving this campaign and our country your everything. I could not be more proud to call you a fellow American
Give the world the best you have, and it may never be enough; Give the world the best you've got anyway
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. 
“Let us have faith in each other. Let us not grow weary. Let us not lose heart. For there are more seasons to come  work to do.”
“We are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that.” —Hillary
“I am grateful to our country for all it has given me. I count my blessings every day that I am an American.” —Hillary
"To all the little girls  doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opportunity in the world."
"We have still have not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling. But some day, someone will." —Hillary
"To all the  put their faith in this campaign and in  has made me prouder than to be your champion." —Hillary
"This loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —Hillary
"To Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers, and our entire family—my love for you means more than I can ever express." —Hillary
"To Barack and Michelle Obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude. We thank you for your graceful, determined leadership.”
"I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey." —Hillary
"Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.”
"Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time." —Hillary
“Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” —Hillary
"We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America—and I always will." —Hillary
"I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love.” —Hillary
“You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.” —Hillary to @HFA
"This is not the outcome we wanted. I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country."
“I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
“Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary deliver remarks on the election from New York City: 
Mike Pence has actually signed into law hateful policies like those touted by Donald Trump. 
Sad to hear that music legend Toots Thielmans passed away. I wore out multiple copies of his Affinity album. 
When we began, the idea of $15 per hour minimum wage was seen to be a very radical idea. Now a majority of Americans support it.
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color.

It's time to ensure equal pay.  
Trump used money from his foundation to pay off an elected official considering fraud allegations against him. 
NEWS: Sanders Stands with Tribal Nations, Calls on President to Stop Pipeline  
How pay-to-play works:

1. Trump faces possible investigation
2. Trump gives $$ to AG
3. Investigation never happens 
RT @MarkRuffalo: Amount of Fossil fuels we can extract and still beat climate change? ZERO, ZIP, NADA Recalculating the Climate Math  https…
RT @RachaelGass: Holding back tears right now. For those of us that didn't grow up with  this is amazing.  
Our health care system is designed to make huge profits for the drug companies and insurance companies. That’s why I support .
If we unite together, we will rise together. 
If we're going to keep health care costs low, every American must have the choice of a public-option insurance plan. 
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment. 
RT @jesshop23: FUN FACT: .@timkaine was on the pep squad here at Rockhurst High School. Kaine is celebrating his 40th reunion tonight https…
We've come too far to turn back now. Make sure you're registered to vote:  
Donald won't commit to support our election outcome, won’t condemn Putin, and won't defend American democracy. Yet he wants to be president.
Hey, @realDonaldTrump. Here are Hillary and my taxes. Where are yours? 
The Clinton Foundation has an A+ rating from Charity Watch. Donald’s was prohibited from doing business in New York. What a fraud.
Donald has a pattern of demeaning groups of Americans. His comments on women weren’t the first. 
Time and again Trump shows us he can't see women as equal. Watching Donald defend his behavior makes me sick to my stomach. 
Hillary dedicated decades of her life to public service, but with Trump it’s been decades of “me-first.” 
Face the music, Donald. Our economy is stronger under Democrats. 
Hillary wants to invest in people and jobs. Trump would cut taxes for millionaires &amp; billionaires. The choice couldn’t be clearer. 
I had 2 kids in college at once. This calculator would’ve been handy. Find out what you could save:  
Will Trump condemn the Russian effort to influence the outcome of our election? No—he takes Putin's side. We need a president, not a puppet.
Donald's “deportation force” would put 16 million people in jeopardy. Comprehensive reform is the answer. 
Donald wants to send Roe v. Wade “back to the states.” That means states could criminalize women—trust them with their own health decisions!
RT @PPact: .@realdonaldtrump pledged to appoint judges who'd overturn Roe v. Wade. He released a list to prove it: …
Being pro-Second Amendment doesn’t mean being anti-gun. Most Americans support commonsense reform.  
Donald Trump is the least qualified person to become president in the history of our country. Go vote!  
No major  company has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection more than Trump’s casino empire in the last 30 years. 
RT @RichardTrumka: .@HillaryClinton looked me in the eye and told me she's against . I've known her for 30 years and I believe her. …
Where does the steel Trump used to construct his hotels come from? Not Pennsylvania, Ohio or Wisconsin. It came from China. 
I say to Donald Trump: instead of giving speeches about trade why don't you lead by example and make your goods in America. 
If Trump was really concerned about companies going abroad, maybe he would make his ties in the United States, not China. 
Donald Trump’s vision for America: tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations, poverty wages for working families. 
.@HillaryClinton understands we need to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and keep families together. 
We simply cannot turn back the clock by electing a president whose anti-immigrant rants have slurred Mexicans as "rapists" and "criminals."
We must defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion. 
Trump’s Supreme Court nominees would oppose a woman’s right to choose, support Citizens United and gut the Voting Rights Act. 
@realDonaldTrump: trying to delegitimize our democracy isn't presidential, it's dangerous &amp; the act of a coward. 
Undocumented immigrants, students crushed by debt, all pay more in taxes than @realDonaldTrump 
Disappointing the most presidential  time immigration policy and Latino issues get is just a couple of minutes night
Reagan would roll over in his grave if he knew @GOP candidate praised Putin's leadership, supported disbanding @NATO. 
.@realDonaldTrump wants to rip up families and put them in internment camps. @HillaryClinton wants to fix our inhumane system. 
.@realDonaldTrump's NRA pandering isn't just political cowardice, those policies would endanger countless innocent Americans. 
.@HillaryClinton is right. We need a SCOTUS that will overturn  &amp; get unaccountable money out of our democracy 
"Google it." —Hillary  
RT @timkaine: Donald won't commit to support our election outcome, won’t condemn Putin, and won't defend American democracy. Yet he wants t…
If Donald is going to whine before the game is even over, he doesn’t have what it takes to do this job. 
Every time things aren’t going his way, Donald Trump says it’s “rigged.”  
Trump on losing the Emmy tonight: "I should've won." 

Trump on losing the Emmy in 2012, 2013, and 2014: 
“It’s not just about women—[Trump] never apologizes or says he’s sorry for anything.” —Hillary  
Here's how Trump reacts when he loses an Emmy, the Iowa caucus, a primary, and polls. So yeah, he seems fit for the… 
We have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a so-called billionaire. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: While Republicans attack the Clinton Foundation, the Clinton Foundation is attacking HIV/AIDs and Malaria. …
Donald thinks belittling women makes him a bigger man. It just makes him a bully. 
In 2005, Hillary co-sponsored a bill to raise the minimum wage.  this. … 
In 1995, Hillary declared that "women's rights are human rights." Trump lost nearly a billion dollars.… 
In 2011, Hillary advised @POTUS on the mission to take out bin Laden. Trump was on the Apprentice.… 
RT @voxdotcom: It would be impossible for Donald Trump to stick by his tax plan and lower debt.   …
RT @BernieSanders: Donald Trump’s vision for America: tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations, poverty wages for working familie…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's tax plan would be a yuuuuuuge give away to billionaires--and millionaires like him.  https:…
.@TheEconomist ranked Donald Trump and his economic policies as tied for 4th among the greatest risks to the world… 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Here's how easy it would be for Donald Trump to launch a nuclear weapon on a whim.  
Terrifying.  
It's been four minutes. Donald Trump could have launched a nuclear weapon by now.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: These men were responsible for launching nuclear missiles.

They don't want Trump to have that power. 
htt…
When the president gives the order to launch a nuclear weapon, that’s it. The officer has to launch. It can take as little as four minutes.
"Vladimir 't my best friend." —Donald Trump  
RT @TheBriefing2016: There's no question Russia's trying to put their thumb on the scales for Trump. There is a question of why Trump is de…
It's pretty clear that Vladimir Putin would rather have a puppet in the White House than a president. 
Trump's major policy proposal is to "build a wall" and have Mexico pay for it. He choked. Enough said.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump went to Mexico, got beat in the room, lied about it, and then pretended it never happened.  h…
We are not going to build a wall and deport 16 million people. That's not happening. 
"Hombres"? 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump attacked immigrants, calling them criminals and rapists—and that was just in his announcement speech.  ht…
Trump doesn't know what he's talking about when it comes to women's health. He shouldn't be making the decisions. 
RT @PPact: .@realdonaldtrump pledged to appoint judges who'd overturn Roe v. Wade. He released a list to prove it: …
This was not actually a hard question.

"I strongly support Roe v. Wade." —Hillary 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Unlike 92% of Americans, Trump does not support expanding background checks for gun sales.  …
"I see no conflict in saving people’s lives and defending the 2nd Amendment."  
The Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful and wealthy. 
This election is over in 20 days—but the decision we make will affect our country for generations.   
 
Got her back?  
Can you say you stepped up when it counted most? Chip in before tonight's  to show you're on Hillary's team: 
"A woman who expresses her emotions oftentimes is 's part of the subtle—and not so subtle—biases tha… 
An old favorite with a new friend. Thanks for riffing with me, @JonBatiste!

RT @HillaryforUT: Hate is not welcome in our homes. We shouldn't welcome it into the White House.  
RT @TheEllenShow: All I can say about the new episode of  is YAS! @TylerOakley @TimKaine  https:/…
RT @realgranthill33: I've been in a lot of locker rooms, and what Trump said is not locker room banter. Don't let this pass, go to https://…
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." —@POTUS 
RT @sarasolow: Universal broadband, 5G wireless, CS Ed for all, open internet-- all in @HillaryClinton's "wonkiest ever" tech plan. https:/…
RT @LizRomanoff: 21 years ago @HillaryClinton's speech pushed the political discourse and forced a global dialogue on gender equality https…
Tenemos una increíble diversidad cultural que triunfa cuando aceptamos a todos con amor.  
Apparently Mylan values profits more than the lives of millions of Americans. 
The @DallasNews hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary: 
RT @CNN: Wells Fargo is catching heat from Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren over its treatment of the military …
RT @YoungDems_AGH: TGIF: Celebrate w/ @MartinOMalley and the @HillaryforPA team at a Pittsburgh happy hour.  
RT @YoungPwD4HRC: Trump mocks people with disabilities. Hillary Clinton wants to expand their job opportunities 
Unbelievably, Wall Street today continues corrupt practices that caused the 2008 crash, as though millions of lives weren’t destroyed.
RT @timkaine: My dad Al owned a union ironworking shop in Kansas City. That's where I learned about respecting hard work and hardworking pe…
When Republicans say it's OK to give billions in tax breaks to the top 1%, don't tell me we can't afford to make public college available.
While Donald continues day 5 of his Machado meltdown, we'll be in Florida talking about national service. You'll want to watch.
Trump on equal pay: "Do as good a job" as men.

Abortion? Should be "punished."

Pregnancy? An "inconvenience."

Wives working? "Dangerous."
Like NAFTA, the TPP would force  workers to compete with folks making pennies an hour. It's a race to the bottom. 
It's beyond belief that any serious candidate would support huge tax breaks for the top 1% while cutting services to working families.
 
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"—then reject them. 
"Only one candidate on the ballot Nov. 8 belongs anywhere near the White House, and it’s Hillary." —@BostonGlobe 
Only 71 left! Hurry and save $10 on the Art of Politics tote here:  
Why do we pay large fees to withdraw our own money? Big banks must stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders.
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. 
We must not make it easier for oil and gas companies to make climate change even worse by exporting the dirtiest fossil fuels on the planet.
RT @TwitterMoments: Hillary Clinton has some questions for Donald Trump after reading that @Newsweek article. 
I applaud the workers who are demanding $15 an hour and a union. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers. 
History will record that the Citizens United decision is one of the worst in the history of our country. 
Our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now.

RT if you agree it's time to combat climate change. 
RT @timkaine: There's no higher calling than service to others. 
"Hillary Clinton is far better than Trump or anyone else running. She should be president." —@PhillyDotCom 
A person who trash talks our own military should never set foot in the Oval Office. 
It takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our Commander-in-Chief.  
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief. 
RT @timkaine: A person who trash talks our own military should never set foot in the Oval Office. 
“We’ve got to make sure that women and girls are treated with the dignity and respect in our country that we deserve.” —Hillary
"Education should lift you up, not hold you back. We’re going to help you pay back and pay down your loans." 
Trump suits were made in Mexico—he could have made them in Brooklyn, Ohio.

Trump furniture is made in Turkey instead of Cleveland.
“He has put Chinese steelworkers to work, not American steelworkers, and we’re going to change that.” —Hillary on Trump
“When the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary in Cleveland 
"I want to be every single American’s president…I believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —Hillary 
“There’s something really exciting happening right now—people are coming together…to reject hate and division.” —Hillary
“More than 3 million people have already voted, including many of you right here in Ohio.” —Hillary

Join them: 
More than 200 million voters are registered to vote in this election. That’s more than ever before.

Join them: 
“We know the difference between leadership and dictatorship, and the peaceful transition of power is one of the things that sets us apart.”
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election. By doing that, he’s threatening our democracy.
Hillary's live in Cleveland talking about what we need to do to move our country forward. Watch here: 
RT @voxdotcom: This simple cartoon shows how US taxpayers help make rich bankers even richer  
When our SEALs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's American honor. 
Thanks for having me! You're gonna make us all proud this November.  
The tragedy in  today breaks my heart. We're not doing enough to guard our officers and citizens from the disease of gun violence
RT @PADems: Add us on Snapchat at @padems to hear Governor @MartinOMalley sing! 
RT @HillaryforPA: "Are we still a nation who believes we're all in this together or just in it for ourselves?" @MartinOMalley …
Thank you for protecting our country from @realDonaldTrump. We're gonna win this thing.   
RT @HillaryforNH: "I'm honored to be in this fight with you, there is no more important fight" -@MartinOMalley   https…
RT @vicreyesep: .@MartinOMalley fires up Portsmouth vols reminding them that fear &amp; anger never built a better country   https:/…
Totally agree with you, Mike. 
My heart goes out to the City of Nice. We stand in solidarity with you and the people of France.
Can't wait. Will bring my door knocking shoes!   
RT @RepSwalwell: Victims and survivors of  need more than silence, they need action. We’ve got to . …
To all decent humans who can't stand this orange faced racist, vote for @HillaryClinton. She's tough. He's not.  
We’re going to enfranchise as many Americans as possible, and we're going to win. Join us: 

Trump bulldozed his way into this nomination by sowing hate—add your name to tell him that's not who we are. 
A small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment.

A good reminder.  
Chip in $1 if you agree we can’t let Trump “win so big.”   

RT @CBSEveningNews: @HillaryClinton tells @charlierose Trump is the most dangerous presidential candidate in the history of this country ht…
RT @TheDemocrats: Watch out, fog machine rental company. Trump isn't great at paying his invoices. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Ret. Lt. Gen. Flynn thinks that “fear of Muslims is rational."  
RT @literally_trump: Literally.  
When @realDonaldTrump makes you mad, chip in to make him…sad!  
Trump took over $100,000 from emergency 9/11 funds for small businesses—for his swanky Wall Street property. 
Republicans have a lot of nice things to say—when it's not an election year. Thanks, Mayor Giuliani.  
Republicans say the world doesn't respect us. The world disagrees.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Remember when Tom Cotton wrote a letter to the leader of Iran to undermine the Obama admin?  ht…
RT @lorellapraeli: Tonight is no different than every other day in Trumplandia: he has been disparaging our community from day one.
Meet the starting line-up for Team Trump at the :  
RT @Jorge_Silva: "SCOTUS debería aceptar la petición del DOJ para reconsiderar el caso  v Texas. Mantengamos las familias inmigrantes…
"Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started." 

With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear  v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant families together. -H
Lincoln called it "terrible." FDR said he hated it.

@realDonaldTrump? "I love war."

Today’s  theme: “Law and Order.”

"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –@POTUS 
RT @TheBriefing2016: So this is kind of   
We can't let these two anywhere near the White House. 
"No nos representas. Tus ideas no nos representan. Tus valores no nos representan"
Carta abierta a Trump. Firma hoy: 
Commit to vote today to show @realDonaldTrump we're : 
"I’m pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election." —Hillary
"As Dr. King said, 'Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter.' None of can afford to be silent." —Hillary
We're watching the Party of Lincoln become the Party of Trump.

That's not just a loss for our country—it's a threat.
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart. I will work every single day to do just that."
Let’s also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. We’ve got to try to see the world through their eyes.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day.
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all, especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.
Fixing the mass incarceration crisis.
Dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline.
Helping the formerly incarcerated.

It's time to act.
We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law.
"Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better."
"Killing police officers is a terrible  who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable." —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks to the @NAACP in Cincinnati: 
Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president. 

Confessions of a Republican:

"I was a  Trump, he's a different kind of man. This man scares me."

Donald Trump is about to become the @GOP nominee for president. Add your name if you won't let him win: 
I stand with everyone at the International AIDS Conference in Durban in the fight for an .  -H
"I think the Party is about to make a terrible mistake in Cleveland." A confession from a Republican on Trump:

Getting rid of gun-free school zones.
Banning Muslims entering the country.

What you need to know about Trump: 
"Are you going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who's building bridges?" —@Lin_Manuel

Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother, Gwen Carr, is advocating for reform: 
Just a few of the ways @realDonaldTrump has proven that he's unfit for the presidency:

Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. 
That time Donald Trump introduced his running  of.

Your potential next president on building a 
 
And bathrooms.

RT @HFA: Barack&amp;
Hillary&amp;
You

Join the team.  
La próxima semana, los republicanos nominarán a alguien que piensa que una campaña para la comunidad latina es tuitear un 'taco bowl'.
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.

What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to? 
Mike Pence would outlaw abortion.

And Donald Trump just made him his running mate. 
RT @StopBigMoney: .@HillaryClinton pledges  reform plan in first 30 days! RT if you're ready to end . https:…
Bad for:
✔️ The economy
✔️ Women
✔️ Immigrants 
✔️ And *literally* the planet 
Well, ​*we’ve*​ got plenty to say about Mike Pence. Here you go: 
RT @nowthisnews: Donald Trump's VP pick Mike Pence is anti-woman, anti-LGBTQ, anti-immigrant, but pro-cigarettes  
"I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history." —Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence 
RT @elizabethforma: Of COURSE @realDonaldTrump – a guy who calls women fat pigs &amp; bimbos – picked a VP who is famous for trying to control…
RT @ChadHGriffin: .@realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence are a threat to all LGBTQ people have fought for. Now more than ever  https:/…
RT @UltraViolet: Trump thinks he's "great for women" but this is one of the most anti-woman tickets in history. 
FACT: Mike Pence advocated for legislation that allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT people.

Donald Trump:
Always divisive.
Not so decisive.

Hillary on the situation in . 
RT @MomsDemand: Trump's VP pick : A-rated by the NRA, accepted tens of thousands in campaign donations from the gun lobby. https:…
Mike Pence: He’s Donald Trump with a different haircut. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: He opposes raising the minimum wage, and he really, really, really wants to privatize Social Security. …
RT @DanMalloyCT: Gov Pence has a long history of supporting policies attacking ppl who don’t look like him. (Anti-LGBT law, attempt to bloc…
RT @cameronesposito: Mike Pence's battle against Planned Parenthood caused an HIV outbreak in Indiana. 


RT @TheBriefing2016: Oh, and one time Pence wrote an op-ed titled “Smoking Doesn’t Kill.” 
RT @GavinNewsom: Mike Pence wanted to use your federal tax dollars to fund more of this:  
Oficial: @realDonaldTrump acaba de escoger a Mike Pence para ser su vicepresidente. Aquí lo que debes saber de él:

Si tenías alguna duda que Trump continuará su peligroso plan para el país, conoce quién escogió para vicepresidente. 
If you like Donald Trump, you’re going to love his choice for vice president. 
Get to know Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence: current governor of Indiana and potential disaster for America. 
Chip in to keep Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and their extreme agenda out of the White House: 
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America, say hello to his VP pick. 
It's official: @realDonaldTrump just chose Mike Pence as his running mate. What you need to know about him:

Thank you, Virginia and Senator @TimKaine. 
"Every American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" —Hillary on the attack in Nice 
RT @SenWarren: 11 Senate Dems &amp; I sent a letter to @usedgov, @FTC, @CFPB &amp; @DeptVetAffairs about fake schools like Trump “U”: …
RT @HillaryforVA: "This is one of the most consequential elections in our history." —@HillaryClinton. Join us:  http…
Watch live as Hillary and Senator @TimKaine take the stage in Virginia → 
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.

RT @lorellapraeli: I'm an American and I'm proud to fight for a candidate that believes we are ALL Americans  …
One year in, the  has put a lid on Iran’s nuclear program. Strong, principled diplomacy can work. Effective enforcement is key. -H
“We have to move our country and ourselves…toward a future that reflects the simple, timeless notion that all of us are equal.” —Hillary
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly off the rails. 
"I will say what Donald Trump won’t: Judge Curiel is as American as I am and as American as Donald Trump." —Hillary
Even @SpeakerRyan called Trump’s comments on Judge Curiel, “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”
.@realDonaldTrump said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his "Mexican heritage." That just fans the flames of racial division.
Next week in Cleveland, Republicans will nominate someone who thinks “Latino outreach” is tweeting out a picture of a taco bowl.
Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning, not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.

We have to fix this.
"In my first 100 days…I will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.” —Hillary: 
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at public colleges and universities.” —Hillary
Hillary's new college plan will help more students, especially students of color, afford college: 
No one who works full-time in America should ever live in poverty.

We need to raise the minimum wage.
"We need to close the gender pay  earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous." —Hillary
"Latinos are 17% of our country’s population, but you hold only 2% of its wealth. There’s a disconnect here." —Hillary at @LULAC
"Latinos have to help us shape the future of America because you are the future of America.” —Hillary at @LULAC
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live at @LULAC:  
RT @literally_trump: In the fight to stop Donald Trump we've got a devastating tool: literally Donald Trump. Follow for a daily dose of stu…
Remember: When @realDonaldTrump opens his mouth, our kids are listening.

Gun violence against Americans is all of our problem. We need to solve it together.

In the presence of practical, tactical brilliance @hamiltonmusical. 
RT @lessig: On the incredibly important news of the day (or when the Democrats committed to ) — 
In America, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together.

RT @HillaryforPA: BREAKING: Former Bernie Sanders supporter Braddock Mayor @JohnFetterman endorses @HillaryClinton. 
"We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant, inclusive, and fair." —@MarkKellyTyler 
Let’s be more than allies to each other.

Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own.

“If we do the work, we will 'cease to be divided.' We will be indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.” —Hillary
"Let’s be more than allies to each other. Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own." —Hillary
"Donald Trump’s campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to America. A message that you should be afraid." —Hillary
"I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something.  only listens to himself."
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents, but also the IRS—or our military. Do you think he’d be restrained?
RT @Jorge_Silva: "Hay que reconocer que 5 latinos que también perdieron sus vidas la semana pasada en incidentes con la Policía". - @Hillar…
Trump has banished members of the press who have criticized him.

Is there any doubt he would do the same as president?
"When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly wrong." —Hillary
"Even this—the killing of black people by police—is somehow all about him." —Hillary on Trump 
In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us
together, not split us apart.

And that's why Donald Trump is so dangerous.
“In my first 100 days as president, we will make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.” —Hillary
These things can be true at once:

We need criminal justice reform.

We need to support police.

We need to do more to stop gun violence.
The vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to prevent gun violence.

If we’re looking for common ground, this is common ground.
We need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve.
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black  like their lives are disposable." —Hillary
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Bland—one year ago.
"I  of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesn’t happen again” —Hillary
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people.
"The words Lincoln spoke all those years ago hold resonance for us  said: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.'" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse, where Lincoln gave his "house divided" speech in 1858. 
RT @HFA: One hashtag has been uniting people who say  and  since December: 
In America, we're always stronger together. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: It took awhile, but we finally found a copy of Trump's speakers. 
RT @mikiebarb: This from @jwpetersNYT on the hard-right GOP platform, feels like it could have been written a decade ago. Or two. https://t…
Thank you, @BernieSanders. Proud to fight alongside you. 
"Vi cómo ella trataba a todos con respeto. Así es como se juzga a alguien"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.

Let’s ask ourselves, "What can I do to stop violence and promote justice?"

RT @NAACP: You cannot run for president and skip the opportunity speak on the nation's civil rights agenda.  …
Happy birthday, Malala! Thank you for fighting for every girl's right to an education. 
RT @Lin_Manuel: Include women in the sequel.  @HillaryClinton 
Taking on systemic racism—and rebuilding trust between police and citizens—will require contributions from us all. 
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her today." —@BernieSanders

Together, let’s go win this election. 
"You can take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to  We accept $27 donations, too, you know.”
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernie’s campaign, thank you. Our country desperately needs your voices.
"Let's make it easier to vote, not harder. Let’s fight back against attacks on voting rights across the country.” —Hillary
Let’s expand Social Security—not cut or privatize it.
Let’s offer paid family leave.
Let’s guarantee equal pay for women once and for all.
We’re going to make sure that Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich pay their fair share of taxes.
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at those schools altogether.” 
$ an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald, if you’re watching, we’re not cutting the minimum wage, we’re raising the minimum wage.
“Let’s take real, meaningful action to end the epidemic of gun violence in America.” —Hillary
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us.
Thank you, @BernieSanders, not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice.
"He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country.” —Hillary on @BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her today." —@BernieSanders
RT @BernieSanders: Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clin…
"We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party." —@BernieSanders
"We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian American, Native American—all of us—stand together.” —@BernieSanders
"This election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up." —@BernieSanders
Hillary "knows that it is absurd that middle-class Americans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires.” —Bernie
"The last thing we  a president who doesn’t care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage." —Bernie on Trump
"If anyone out there thinks this election is not  about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate." —@BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.” —@BernieSanders
"There is no doubt in my mind  Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that." —@BernieSanders 
"This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face." —@BernieSanders
"I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton." —@BernieSanders in New Hampshire
"She will be the Democratic  I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president." —@BernieSanders
"Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that." —@BernieSanders
RT @BernieSanders: .@HillaryClinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that. 

"Together, we will continue to fight for a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1%." —@BernieSanders
Watch live as @BernieSanders joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire. 
RT @HRC: Today marks one month since the  tragedy that claimed 49 innocent lives. It is time to . …
To advance the cause of peace, the United States has also got to be a friend not only to Israel, but to the Palestinian people.
We have got to say to the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are not more important than the future of this planet.
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer.
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say. Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable.
What we've accomplished so far is historic – but our work is far from over. This political revolution must continue.

Today in America we not only have an absence level of wealth and income inequality, we have a power structure that protects that inequality.
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors.
Our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents. This is not what America is about.

I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.
Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all.
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors.
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.
At what point will Congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough?
American pharmaceutical companies couple outrageous prices on drugs with new and inventive ways to avoid paying taxes. It's truly shameless.
This is not a moment. It's a movement. And you are our movement. Get involved: 
We must allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices and reduce the barriers to importing prescription drugs from Canada and other countries.
Real tax reform means Wall Street, the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share.

We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.
War must be the last resort, not the first response.
Change cannot take place without political participation.
RT @KatrinaNation: How Bernie Sanders Delivered the Most Progressive Platform in Democratic Party History via @thenation …
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues.
Shameful. We must require states to collect data on deaths that happen in police custody and make that data public. 
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. 
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many people in America are serving unnecessarily long mandatory minimum sentences.
We must implement universal voter registration, so that anyone 18 years of age or older who is eligible to vote is automatically registered.
The debate is over. Climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and is already causing devastating damage to the entire planet.
In the United States of America we can create the conditions that allow people who are released from prison to stay out.
RT @LULAC: .@BernieSanders speaks on immigration reform, criminal justice reform, and pay equity at  convention. …
Pathetic. Billionaire Bully Trump wants to give huge tax breaks to the rich but opposes raising the federal minimum wage of $
Republican governors are working overtime to suppress the vote. If Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
Sandra Bland. We will .
RT @CBSThisMorning: AHEAD ON @CBSThisMorning: @BernieSanders joins us 
The United States should be leading the world in pushing our energy system away from fossil fuel and toward sustainable energy.
The only long-term solution to America's health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program. 
As you have throughout this historic campaign, I ask for your support as we continue through November and beyond.

RT @TheDemocrats: "Now more than ever our country needs our movement." A note from @BernieSanders:  …
We will never stop fighting for what is right. This movement of ours — this political revolution — must continue. 

Big talk from the same guy who was too afraid to debate Bernie in California. 
RT @BernieSanders: If you’re interested in more than just electing a president, we need your help.  …
Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency.
RT @BernieSanders: This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders. It's about the needs of the American people &amp; the ideas to addre…
RT @HillaryClinton: Watch live as @BernieSanders joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire. 
Thank you to the 13 million Americans who voted for me and the hundreds of thousands of volunteers who worked so hard on our campaign.
.@HillaryClinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that. 

Together, we have begun a political revolution to transform America and that revolution continues. Together. Not me, us.
It’s not enough to just avoid retreating on women's rights. We have to expand them.
Of workers who would get a raise under a $15 an hour minimum wage, more than a quarter have children. 
We have made enormous progress in combatting discrimination but now people are again trying to divide us up in xenophobic and racist ways.
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they have no health care.
Right now, if you are poor, government turns its back on you, yet it welcomes the wealthy and their lobbyists. We’ve got it backwards.
Making a $1 trillion of investment to repair our infrastructure would create 13 million jobs, and that is exactly what we should be doing.
When we discuss wealth inequality and campaign reform, ultimately we're asking a moral question: What kind of nation do we wish to become?
Almost everything FDR proposed - Medicare, a minimum wage - was called socialist. Yet these programs have become the fabric of our nation.
If you work 40 hours a week at the current federal minimum wage, you are making about $15,000 a year. That is undoubtedly a starvation wage.
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace finally pay the taxes they should.
CEO compensation has grown roughly three times faster than the wages of the top  percent. 
No one, least of all people in the richest country on Earth, should have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents, they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
When we switch to sustainable energy, we help the planet, we cut people’s energy bills and we create jobs. It’s obvious what we should do.
The African-American community nationwide lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. Where's their bailout?
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves, standing as huge profit centers outside of the real productive economy.
It is not too much to demand that everyone 18 years of age is registered to vote—end of discussion.
People who live in low-income and minority communities will bear the most severe consequences of society’s addiction to fossil fuels.
What the American economy should be about is fighting to protect the middle class, not indulging the greed of billionaires.
Income and wealth inequality is not just a matter of building a stronger economy. It is a human issue. It is a moral issue.
My thoughts are with the families and loved ones of those killed in Nice. The United States stands ready to support the French people.
If we are to prosper in a global economy, we must have the best educational system in the world from childcare through college.
Challenging the drug lobby over senseless price hikes means fighting for the lives of millions who can't afford the medication they need.
To discourage young people from going to college due to cost isn't just a tragedy for those individuals. It's a tragedy for our nation.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
The fact that billionaires' views are wildly out of step with most Americans goes a long way in explaining why the same is true of Congress.
Our job is to stand up. Our job is to fight back. Our job is not to allow anybody to divide us up.
We must make it easier for people to get the substance abuse treatment they need when they need it. 
Despair is not an option--not if you want a decent future for your kids or grandchildren, not if you understand this country's potential.
RT @4TaxFairness: Maker of $84,000 drug avoided $10 billion in  taxes, report says  
Gilead bought a taxpayer funded medication and jacked up the price to $1,000 per pill, or $84,000 per treatment. That's outrageous.
Our job in Congress is to ensure a future that is sustainable -- for our environment, for our economy, for our people and their children.
The pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people. 
We could fully fund tuition-free public colleges if corporations paid in taxes today what they paid under "radical socialist" Ronald Reagan.
In 30 years, state and local spending on corrections has increased three times as fast as spending on schools. That is just unacceptable.
If it's radical to think that the United States shouldn't have more people in jail than any other country, then yes, count me as a radical.
We know we have a problem when spending to incarcerate people rises faster than spending to educate them.
I don’t know how many times I have to say it, but I’ll keep saying it until it happens: all people should have a right to health care.
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, to stand with working people and, when necessary, take on the powerful.
I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president. 
“It’s becoming clear that, to him, most of America is ‘them.’” —@FLOTUS on Donald Trump 
It's @HFA Volunteer Day! Help us recruit 50,000 volunteers by midnight: 

Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims’ families. -H
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team:  
Stories like Luisa's are part of what makes America so great. 
@Lesdoggg, no one deserves this—least of all someone who brings us so much joy. I'm with you. -H
The next time Trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions for us. 
RT @timkaine: Stronger together. 
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's @ClaressaShields on her second Olympic gold medal for @TeamUSA. 
RT @HillaryforNH: "We are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for the middle class of this country." — @BernieSande…
I very rarely quote @MittRomney but he hit the nail on the head when he said Donald Trump is a “fraud” and a “phony."
RT @HillaryClinton: EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes. …
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes.  -H
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
The death penalty is costly, ineffective at deterring crime &amp; racially biased. Time for CA to join 19 states incl MD that banned it @YesOn62
Reality check for @realDonaldTrump &amp; his fear mongering claims. Net immigration from Mexico is zero 
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —@DenverPost 
On this day August 27, 1776, the Maryland 400 saved the American Army. Blessed be their memory.
When your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. There's only one candidate who will make college affordable.
When we talk about public education it's no longer good enough to talk about 1st-12th grade. We must talk about making college tuition free.
In the year 2016, we cannot accept bigotry as the cornerstone of any campaign for president of the United States.
Donald Trump was a leader in the "Birther Movement," which tried to delegitimize President Obama. That is nothing less than racism.
RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Ohio 
Take it from @FLOTUS: This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote:  
Reforming our foster care system is a passion of Hillary's—and my wife Anne—so I've seen the work it takes up close. 
"No matter what issue you care about, it is on the ballot." —Hillary last night in Pennsylvania… 
“I will never lie to you.” —Donald Trump, August 18, 2016 
RT @TheDemocrats: "If you look at the  @HillaryClinton by far is the superior candidate." -@BernieSanders 
Donald Trump isn’t going to stand with working people. He's a billionaire who calls for massive tax breaks for the 1 percent.
Donald Trump spent five years lying about @POTUS's citizenship. He can’t just take that back. 
“Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician I’ve met." —@WIRED's editor-in-chief on Hillary 
We can't make the changes this country needs unless we are prepared to take on Wall Street and corporate America. 
"He’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” —@POTUS on Trump 
51 million people in this country have no paid sick leave. Not only is that damaging to our economy, it is morally… 
I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea. 
Trump loves his "Make America Great Again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries. 
RT @voxdotcom: Hillary Clinton’s three debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins 
3/3.  
NEWS: Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump 
Hillary understands climate change is real and creating devastating problems. Trump believes we should expand fossil fuel production.
Our veterans and military families deserve better than what Donald Trump says about them. 
RT @Hillary_esp: Preocupada por las millones de familias en el trayecto del huracán Matthew. Puedes donar para los afectados aquí: https://…
The future of prescription costs in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
RT @washingtonpost: Justice Dept. warned FBI that director's decision to update Congress on Clinton emails was inconsistent with policy htt…
A few of my favorite songs to listen to while you : 
The United States owes the Native American people a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid.  
Pharmaceutical industry executives are a bunch of crooks, and they're proud of it. 
Mr. President: It's time to take a stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline just as you stood against Keystone. 
The Dakota Access Pipeline would be a huge blow to our fight against climate change.  
Must Read: Why Dakota Is the New Keystone -@billmckibben

When we destroy nature, we are ultimately destroying the human beings of this planet. 
All over this country, Native Americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. They deserve a voice. 
Friends in Philly: I'm campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforPA at @MontcopaDems Dinner tonight. Tickets: 
RT @LynnPinB: .@MartinOMalley joining CO @MomsDemand today to GOTV for @HillaryClinton  We are truly    https://t…
Thanks to @HillaryforCO for having me today! @coloradodems &amp; Coloradans are ready to move their state from purple t… 
Friends in Colorado: I'm in your state today campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforCO. See you at an event: 
With just 10 days to go, Republicans are pulling out all the stops to try to bring Hillary down. RT this to help ge… 
RT @johnpodesta: You've probably heard about a bewildering letter sent to Congressional leaders by the FBI Director. Get the facts. https:/…
"I want you hustling all the way until the polls close on November 8." —@POTUS  
"Justice Dept. strongly discouraged Comey on move in Clinton email case" —@NYTimes 
RT @TheBriefing2016: James Comey said it himself -- "we don't know the significance" of these emails. 

But he sent the letter anyway. http…
"On January 20, we’re going to have a new president. I will be proud to build on the progress we’ve made under @POTUS and go even further."
The future of our economy is at stake.
LGBT equality is at stake.
Equal pay for women is at stake.

Go vote: 
Americans are coming together to reject hate and division. Americans are rejecting Donald Trump’s demeaning treatment of women.
"Let’s break every record that we’ve ever had for voting. Let’s make that the story of this election.” —Hillary 
"No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we won’t back down. We won’t be distracted.” —Hillary: 
With just 10 days until Election Day, Hillary’s on the trail in Florida.

Watch live: 
“The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining.” 
RT @HFA: Yes she can.  
Equality is on the ballot.
Justice is on the ballot.
Our progress is on the ballot. 
 
"Take it from me, your vote can make all the difference in this election.” —@AlGore

Text CLIMATE to 47246 to make sure you're registered.
"If we keep at it the way Hillary has kept at it decade after decade, progress happens." —@POTUS 
RT @rosenbergerlm: .@HillaryClinton on disrupted terror plot in Kansas aimed at Somali community.  "This plot is an affront to all American…
Let’s go out and build the future. 
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that  a record of working across the aisle." 
Strengthening unions doesn’t just serve their members—it leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees.
Together we can create an America where every culture is accepted, loved, and celebrated.  
Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's money—on:

Legal settlements.
Payoffs.
Portraits of himself. 
Make sure @realDonaldTrump's bullying never reaches the White House. Chip in now:  
"You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." —Donald Trump

About that. 
RT @mpshapiro: NEW: @HillaryClinton will double the Child Tax Credit to $2,000 for young kids, rewarding work &amp; reducing poverty: https://t…
I believe our country needs to be a leader on the global stage, and that means taking the lead on reversing climate change.
We don't need a president who puts himself first—we need one who will put our country first. We need Hillary.… 
RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren campaign together for Hillary Clinton  https://t.…
We are not going to allow Donald Trump and other demagogues to divide us up. We will stand together.
RT @RaquelWillis_: If you need motivation to vote, here's Beyoncé giving an impromptu word about . 
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate. 
RT @HillaryClinton: What Trump just did is a disgrace.
In politics too much we talk about personality. We've got to back away from that and look at the needs of the American people.
Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first African American president. He can't just take it back.
This shouldn't have to be said: You don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. It doesn’t work. No one buys it.
Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue." 
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that @POTUS was born in America, he is lying.  
Leading the birther movement is deplorable. Attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who Trump attacked is asinine.
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on @POTUS's citizenship.
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
It is not acceptable that as workers have become more productive, their wages and benefits have gone down.
RT @HFA: What's your volunteer personality type? Take our quiz for personalized recommendations on how to help elect Hillary: …
When it comes to basic workplace protections, workers in every other major industrialized country get a better deal than workers in the 
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously. 
Trust me—@POTUS really loves to be early. And when it comes to voting, you can be just like him.… 
RT @DebDingell: Sen. Bernie Sanders is coming to MI! Join us at Dearborn, , and Ann Arbor, ,…
Contributing nothing to our military, public schools, kids' health care, and more doesn't make you "smart." 
RT @CNNPolitics: Michelle Obama: "Hillary Clinton is tough"  When she gets knocked down, she comes back stronger 
Anyone who calls the American military "a disaster" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. 
In a democracy, spending millions of dollars on lobbyists should not be the most profitable investment for a corporation to make.
The stakes in this campaign couldn’t be higher. Make sure you’re registered to vote: 
63 days left.

Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa → 
RT @ReutersPolitics: Clinton announces plan to address 'unjustified' price hikes on life-saving drugs 
This fall the only thing I'm more excited about than football season is Election Day. Let's bring home wins in both… 
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat… 
Black women make 60% of what a white man makes. That is nothing but sexism and discrimination. 
Trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that @POTUS is American. 
1 in 3 NJ workers would benefit from increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour. We must raise the current starvation wage to a living wage.
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career: 
Change happens when people rise up and say, “This is not the world in which we want to live.”
We just passed 2300 events in every state across the country for the August 24 launch of Our Revolution! 

"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." —Hillary 
It's been 3 months since I joined this ticket, and I couldn't be happier to support such a strong woman. 17 days 't… 
G’mar chatima tova to those celebrating . Wishing you a meaningful day and an easy fast. -H
If you’re able, chip in to help the families affected by Hurricane Matthew:  -H
I’m really concerned for North and South Carolinians dealing with such dangerous flooding. Please heed the latest warnings &amp; stay safe. -H
Before Social Security was signed into law, nearly half of seniors lived in poverty. Today, the elderly poverty rate is 10%. 
RT @vprnet: Vermont Primary Saw Bids By Young People Inspired By Bernie Sanders  
House and Senate Democrats must join Sec. Clinton and go on record in opposition to a vote on TPP during a lame-duck session of Congress.
Last night,  Olympic swimmer @Simone_Manuel won gold and made history. 
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart. 
If you read one thing before tonight's debate, make it this: 
RT @HFA: Here's something you can do now to help Hillary win: Call voters from home using our online call tool. Get started: …
"We’re siding with students and with every American seeking an affordable college degree." —@TimKaine 
RT @HillaryClinton: Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H https:…
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H 
RT @HillaryClinton: RT this if you're proud to have Hillary's back tonight.  
When the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, I’m pretty sure they weren’t thinking “Let’s make sure billionaires can buy elections.”
New Hampshire has some fine candidates running for office. Glad to support @Maggie_Hassan @ColinVanOstern @NHDems!… 
RT this if you're proud to have Hillary's back tonight.  
RT @Morning_Joe: .@HillaryClinton: From the start, Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia 
Let’s make sure it does on Election Day →  
Donald Trump: Make ________
Bangladesh
China
India
Indonesia
Vietnam
Mexico
Slovenia
Great Again? 
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November: 
 because we have a responsibility to leave a better future for our kids—make your own video here:… 
“Hope is what drives  is why she has spent her life fighting for kids who need a champion.” —@FLOTUS 
Join me and tribal leaders at The White House at 5 PM to say no to the Dakota Access pipeline. 
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. And it's deplorable. 
Most people who are bullies grow out of it. 

Donald Trump hasn't. 
Carter.
Bush.
Clinton.
Bush.
Obama.

Not one of them believes Donald Trump has what it takes to be president. 
We have to face the hard truths about race in America. 
The United States cannot afford the devastating consequences of continuing to depend on enormous amounts of fossil fuels. 
Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."

What Trump's also said: 
RT @Hillary_esp: Juntos se puede.   
RT @Hillary_esp: Juntos se puede.   
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York." 
No one in America in should ever have to choose between their medicine and their food, and yet millions have to make that choice every day.
RT @HillaryForGA: If Trump doesn’t see all Americans or respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?  https://t.…
La diferencia entre Hillary y Trump en inmigración no puede ser más grande. Lee nuestro plan  
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator. 
RT @Hillary_esp: "Nunca les mentiré" —Donald Trump, el 18 de agosto de 2016. 
July was the hottest month ever recorded. When do Republicans stop putting fossil fuel profits over people's health? 
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people. 
The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better? 
What Trump is trying to do is pretend that he’s some kind of champion of working people. How hypocritical can you be?
In its 120-year history, @azcentral has never endorsed a Democrat.

Here's why the paper just endorsed Hillary: 
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary: 
Trump's always put his own profits above all—no matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president? 
Coming out often takes incredible courage. On , let's honor that courage by showing LGBT Ameri… 
We all must stand with our brothers and sisters of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in stopping the dangerous Dakota Access pipeline. 
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the  economy in his hands.  
Presidential. 
We need millions of people to stand up and demand that we break up big banks, reinstate Glass Steagall and hold bankers accountable.
"The president commands our nuclear arsenal. Trump can’t command his own rhetoric." —@azcentral 
We must break up Wells Fargo and other big banks which have assets of nearly $10 trillion —equivalent to 60% of our nation’s economy.
RT @ZephyrTeachout: My opponent, John Faso, was a lobbyist for payday lenders and pipeline companies. I've fought for people. There's a pre…
RT @CNNSotu: Sunday on  @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the 2016 race! 
"If we let Hillary's opponent win this election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids." —@FLOTUS… 
RT @washingtonpost: The Washington Post's editorial board endorses Hillary Clinton for president  …
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary: 
RT @dallasnews: We recommend @HillaryClinton for  president  
Thinking of my friend and outstanding public servant Brooklyn DA Ken Thompson, who passed away yesterday. My prayer… 
"Progress is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.
Democracy is on the ballot.
Justice is on the ballot." 
When workers don't have to worry about how they're going to pay rent, they become better workers. Raising the minimum wage is common sense.
What would a Donald Trump presidency mean for the people of this country? I think it would be an absolute disaster, beyond a disaster.
The attempted takeover of Monsanto by Bayer is a threat to all Americans. @TheJusticeDept should block this deal.
Donald Trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities. 
3 out of 4 black children will live under the poverty line for at least one year before they turn 18. That’s an abomination.
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders criticizes Trump's "birther" statements: "A man who does things like that must not become president" https…
You don't run a campaign, as Donald Trump has done, based on bigotry - trying to divide us up, scapegoating Muslims, Mexicans and others.
"I want you to know that I see you, and I’m with you." —Hillary to the Latino community at @CHCI 
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice.  
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the “Battle of the Sexes.” 
Trump stood on a debate stage and lied to millions of Americans.

Chip in to make sure he never becomes president:… 
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the bigoted, xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana &amp; Mississippi. The @RedCross is helping displaced families in need:  -H
It is time to enact prescription drug policies that work for everyone, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
Something is very, very wrong when drug companies value their profits over the lives of their customers.
Dicyclomine, a drug used to treat irritable bowel syndrome, had its price jacked up by 400%.
They increased the price of metoclopramide, which is commonly used to treat gastroesophageal reflux disease, 444%.
They increased the price of ursodiol, a generic medication used to treat gallstones, 542%.
The quality of Mylan’s drugs isn’t improving, but the company thinks it is acceptable to quadruple their prices.
It’s not just EpiPens. Mylan has raised prices more than 20% on 24 medications, and more than 100% on seven medications.
While Americans are dying because they can't afford Mylan's egregious drug prices, the company’s CEO got a 671% raise to over $18 million.
It’s not a mystery why drug companies raise their prices to obscene levels. Just look at the multi-million dollar paychecks their CEOs get.
Trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. We’re better than this.
RT @politico: Kaine: @realDonaldTrump is "unfit" for commander-in-chief role  | Getty 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump’s new campaign chief is also the guy responsible for running this fringe "news" site: 
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for  of Americans. 
The choice on jobs in this election (it’s not a hard one).  
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." —@BernieSanders 
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Decision to End Federal Use of Private Prisons 
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote:  
The political revolution is about making sure anyone can run for office and not have to beg the rich for donations. 
We have a new @Tumblr! Check out letters to Hillary from Americans around the country at  
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president: 
Making calls for Hillary is easy!
1. Go to 
2. Pick a state
3. Follow the script 
RT @ZephyrTeachout: All hands on deck! The race is tied--please sign up to volunteer here:

 
For forty years, every presidential candidate has released their tax returns—except for Trump. What's he hiding? 
The best way to wish Hillary a happy birthday? Make a plan to vote on November 8: 
Today is Hillary’s birthday! Don’t forget to sign her card: 
Happy birthday, Hillary. I hope this year is one for the history books. 
RT @TalkPoverty: Senior poverty without : 

Senior poverty with  

 https://t…
We need more diverse media ownership, not less. 
NEWS: Sanders Urges Justice Department to Block AT&amp;T-Time Warner Merger 
One profound lesson that indigenous people have taught us is that all of us as human beings are part of nature.… 
AT&amp;T is trying to buy Congress with $ million in donations since 2015. Washington must work for the people not… 
When I talk about drug corporations being a major threat to the lives of Americans this is what I mean: 
Electing @DeborahRossNC, a superior candidate, could change the ossified, obstructionist state of Senate politics. 
RT @statnews: One state tried to limit OxyContin prescriptions before opioids became a crisis. The drug's maker thwarted the plan https://t…
Trump said he’s "very proud” to lead the birther movement to discredit @POTUS. Here’s how he spread the racist lie: 
We're almost to the finish line, and you can help Hillary get there. Early vote today:  
RT @RobbyMook: It's going to be close. No complacency. Nose to the grindstone. Let's get to work! 
This is heartbreaking. No child in America should feel afraid to practice their religion or embrace their heritage. 
Sign Hillary's birthday card to wish her a great (and historic) year to come: 
"Hillary Clinton is a fighter for all of us. She's the fighter we need." 
It's Hillary's birthday! Don't forget to sign her card:  
When Bronx found out he shares a birthday with Hillary (October 26—today!), he was determined to write her a letter… 
Join @S_C_ in Cleveland for a concert to help get out the vote for Hillary! Text JAYZ to 47246 for all the details. 
That was quite a birthday surprise, @Adele. Loved the show last night! -H 
"It’s not just what we’re against that should motivate you to go to the polls.

It’s what we are for.” —Hillary 
A multimillionaire should never pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse or a policeman or a firefighter.
We’re going to make America the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century. 
More than 10,000,000 Americans have already voted in this election.

You can make it 10,000,001: 
We’ve learned in this campaign that Donald Trump is the poster boy for what’s wrong with our economy. 
Live from Tampa: Hillary campaigns with just 13 days left in this campaign → 


1973:
Hillary takes on discrimination against kids with disabilities.
Trump gets sued for housing discrimination.… 
Wish Hillary a happy birthday by making a plan to vote:  
RT @timkaine: Happy birthday, Hillary. I hope this year is one for the history books. 
Let’s come together to give every American the chance to chart their own future. Let’s prove once-and-for-all that love trumps hate.
"When you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be living in poverty, worrying about whether you can put food on the table.” —Hillary
"The future of the economy is on the ballot. I believe that when the middle class thrives, America thrives.” —Hillary
"More than 10 million people have already voted in this election—and two million of them are right here in Florida.” 
In America, we don’t say we’re going to “keep you in suspense” about whether we’ll respect the outcome of an election.
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Florida with just 13 days left until Election Day → 


RT @ChelseaClinton: Happy Birthday Mom! I hope that one day Charlotte &amp; Aidan are as proud to be my children as I am to be your daughter ht…
America is already great because it welcomes people like Damián López Rodriguez—an immigrant who gave his life for… 
RT @NickMerrill: Surprise! Happy Birthday HRC!! 🎂 
Great to be at @UofNH campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforNH @Maggie_Hassan @ColinVanOstern @NHDems… 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hey @mike_pence—there's this thing called  
Watch Sen. Sanders on NBC's @meetthepress this morning. Check your local listings: 
RT @USATODAY: USA TODAY's Editorial Board: Trump unfit to lead  
I have some news for Donald Trump and his friends -- you are going to have to pay your fair share of taxes.
RT @CecileRichards: Thank you @HillaryClinton &amp; everyone fighting for autonomy &amp; health for all. 100 years, and we're just getting started.…
.@TimKaine is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend, too. 
We're up in the polls—that's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this:… 
"If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent.… 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Like most of Trump’s plans, the details of his paid leave proposal aren't serious. 
A man’s role in child care, according to Donald Trump: 
I find it incomprehensible that Trump talks about trade at the same time that he makes his products in low-wage countries around the world.
If you look at which candidate has the ideas to protect working families, the answer is clear: @HillaryClinton
It is insane for millions of our young people to leave school with thousands of dollars in debt and to be paying it for years.
We've got children sleeping on the street. The Walton family of Walmart does not need a $53 billion tax break.
Let me congratulate Minnesota for sending @keithellison to the United States Congress. He’s a leader on issue after issue.
.@TimKaine is going to finish this campaign the same way he started his career—fighting for working families. 
RT @johnpodesta: Good news out of Brussels— Paris Climate Agreement now squarely on track to enter into force this year. …
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders …
Thanks for having me, @AJCalloway. Tune in tonight for more—including a little harmonica playing. 
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
None of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country. 
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code.
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." —Hillary to the @nbcusa_inc
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much. 
Hillary’s talking to @nbcusa_inc about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here: 
It's . Celebrate by registering to vote →  
RT @SunSentinel: .@SunSentinelOpinion has endorsed @HillaryClinton to serve as the next president of the United States: …
RT @jmpalmieri: @realDonaldTrump's problem isn't that he couldn't be heard on Monday night. His problem is we all heard him quite clearly.
NEWS: Senators Raise Concerns About Mylan’s EpiPen Price Hike 
Mylan's EpiPen discount program is a well-defined industry tactic to keep costs high through a complex shell game. 
Big victory from the @NLRB for workers' right to organize for fair wages and benefits.  
Tonight we will outline our vision for continuing the revolution we started in our campaign. Be sure to tune in!

The next decade of action on climate change is critical. If we do not act boldly, we will not be able to avoid catastrophic consequences.
Heather Bresch's willingness to put profits before people is unforgivable and reckless: EpiPens save lives. 
Tony, you can carry my harmonicas any time you'd like. cc: @OfficialJLD  
Enjoying my day out in ! To get all the updates follow @HillaryforMI
RT @Slate: Hillary Clinton has a quietly bold idea to stop drug price spikes:  
We have come a long way to end discrimination against the LGBTQ community. But that does not mean the fight is over. 
If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion? 
 
(One guess as to Trump's answer: )
RT @timkaine: Last night, Donald Trump said not paying taxes was "smart." You know what I call it? Unpatriotic. 
If we aren't able to bring up and talk about implicit bias, we'll never solve the problem.  
When pressed about Trump insulting and demonizing Latinos and immigrants, Mike Pence had  response. 
As more information comes out about what the TPP would really do, more voters are taking a stand against it. 
RT @Fahrenthold: .@realdonaldtrump once used $20,000 of his charity's money to buy a six-foot-tall painting  …
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did: 
RT @rweingarten: Great that @timkaine joined walk-in &amp; spoke about @HillaryClinton's agenda to support   https:/…
The Clinton-Kaine administration will be about getting results for working families—I'm proud to be a part of that. 
What we are seeing as a result of Citizens United is billionaires literally trying to buy the  government. 
We've got a message for Mr. Trump &amp; the billionaires: @HillaryClinton is gonna get elected &amp; they're going to start paying their fair share.
Billionaires in America – they own the system. Why do they have to pay taxes when they can get you to pay taxes?
Trump, a multi-billionaire, does not pay a nickel in federal income taxes. And he's proud of that! He thinks he can stiff the middle class.
RT @PolicyMic: Watch live: @BernieSanders stumps for @HillaryClinton at the University of Michigan 
RT @ELLEmagazine: Here's what happened when 11-year-old @iammarleydias, founder of , interviewed @HillaryClinton: https:…
RT @TheAtlantic: The Atlantic makes our third presidential endorsement. Read it here:  
When Trump calls America a "third-world country," you can tell he doesn't do a lot of listening to what's actually… 
I strongly condemn today's attack in Jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. The terrorists must be brought to justice. -H
Hillary has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election. Here's why: 
RT @da_wessel: Virginia AFL-CIO President Crouse-Mays: @timkaine "has been a champion for working families."  via @r…
We need a strong union movement to rebuild our middle class. When unions do well, wages rise for everyone.  
Unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. That's worth celebrating &amp; protecting. Happy ! -H
RT @russfeingold: "Clinton, Feingold &amp; I know the future of our country depends on what happens to our young people.” -@BernieSanders https…
RT @TheDemocrats: We need to act now to save our planet for future generations. Commit to vote for Democrats:  https…
“It might seem like a very small thing, but these small policies matter.” —@LaverneCox on Hillary improving passpor… 
A small subsection of the one percent are hell-bent on doing everything in their power to block action against climate change.
Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
"Nobody can fully know what it’s like to manage a global crisis…but I tell you nobody’s been closer to those decisi… 
Register to vote: 
Donald Trump is a pathological liar. 
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means. 
It's time to stop skyrocketing drug prices. Bernie is in LA to support Prop 61. Watch here: 
Students should not have to be hit with insurmountable debt just to get an education. That does not have to be. 
We will not accept a candidate who insults our Mexican brothers and sisters, who calls them "rapists" and "criminals."
Automatically donate every time Trump tweets something offensive with our new tool:  
RT @4TaxFairness: Taxpayers funded a lifesaving drug, guess what happened next  via @SenSanders 
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him. 
Hillary started her career by investigating why kids with disabilities weren't going to school. 
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief. 
The Dakota Access pipeline would have the same impact on the planet as adding  million more cars. 
.@FLOTUS is in New Hampshire talking about what's at stake in this election. Watch live: 
The future of prescription costs in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
FACT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself. 
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald. 
“How can you support the troops if you won’t pay taxes?” —Tim  
“If you don’t know the difference between dictatorship and leadership, then you’ve have to go back to a fifth grade civics class.” —Tim
RT @HillaryClinton: Wonder if Trump has shown Pence his "secret plan" to defeat ISIS. We’re still waiting.  
There's only one candidate who can beat terrorism. It's Hillary Clinton. 
"Donald Trump can’t start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself in the foot.” —Tim 
“These guys…want to go to house-to-house, school-to-school and business-to-business and kick out 16 million people.” 
"I cannot believe that Governor Pence would sit here and defend his running mate’s claim that we should have a deportation force.” 
“Criminal justice is about respecting law and being respected by the law.” —Tim  
RT @timkaine: “How can you support the troops if you won’t pay taxes?” —Tim  
Mike Pence claiming that Trump supports our troops and veterans when he insults them and probably doesn't pay taxes is laughable. 
RT @literally_trump: Donald Trump said Putin is a better leader than President Obama. And his running mate agrees. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Mike Pence denied that Donald Trump would put a ban on Muslims. 

It's still on their website. …
Wonder if Trump has shown Pence his "secret plan" to defeat ISIS. We’re still waiting.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Here's everything Mike Pence and Donald Trump have offered on defeating ISIS.  
RT @timkaine: "Donald Trump can’t start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself in the foot.” —Tim 
RT @timkaine: “These guys…want to go to house-to-house, school-to-school and business-to-business and kick out 16 million people.” https://…
RT @timkaine: "I cannot believe that Governor Pence would sit here and defend his running mate’s claim that we should have a deportation fo…
Yes, Trump and Pence are running an insult-driven campaign.

Donald's literally doing it right now. 

.@timkaine just reminded Mike Pence of the bigoted things Trump has said about millions of Americans—and Pence couldn't defend it. 
Meet Bob.
Bob is a student debt collector.
He really doesn't want you to vote for Hillary.
 
We don't need another fracked oil pipeline. Now is the time to transition away from fossil fuel.  
As Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adha—a festival of sacrifice, charity, &amp; feeding the poor—let's reflect on those shared values. Eid Mubarak! -H
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump. 
"It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." —@JohnPodesta 
My message to the billionaires: You can’t continue sending our jobs to China while millions are looking for work
.@realDonaldTrump We will not sit back and allow women to be called slobs.
“I’m inspired by her heart, her persistence, and her guts.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary:  
The many, many lies Mike Pence told at last night's debate. 
If we had a dollar for every time Mike Pence lied last night,  
Unfortunately for Mike Pence and Donald Trump, Google exists (and we aren't stupid). 
“You are more than the way you look.” 
Sick days and paid family leave are not luxuries. They are absolutely essential to working families. 
Instead of building walls, we should be fighting to keep families like Karla's together. 
As seen tonight @realDonaldTrump is the most anti-immigrant candidate in history. Policies would rip apart families, destabilize communities
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. 
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people. 
¡Honrado de ser el candidato a la vicepresidencia de @HillaryClinton! 
Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!
Trump chose to fill  with rhetoric that tears us apart, instead of plans that would bring us together 
Excited to join my friend @MarkWarner this afternoon in Fairfax for a @NOVAChamber discussion on regional business issues
.@NASA_Langley is holding  events today and tomorrow celebrate ! Check it all out live: 
Trump has a very long history of enriching himself at the expense of others 
Deeply troubled that it is so easy for people to obtain the murderous weaponry to carry out cold-blooded attacks like in Baton Rouge
Heart goes out to police everywhere &amp; their families who worry when they leave for a daily shift about whether they will come home safely
Shooting today in Baton Rouge is an absolute atrocity. All must condemn it
Horrified by the news in Baton Rouge this morning. No justification for these senseless acts of hateful violence.
Bill awarding Filipino WWII veterans a Congressional Gold Medal has passed the Senate! Glad we are finally honoring their sacrifice
Proud to join @CoryBooker &amp; @SenatorFischer on the PAWS Act, which provides service dogs to vets suffering from PTSD 
.@HillaryClinton Pleasure welcoming you back to the Commonwealth! Now, .  
RT @HillaryClinton: Thank you, Virginia and Senator @TimKaine. 
Deepest condolences to . Joining the rest of the world to  at this difficult time
VA doesn't want a "you're fired" President. They want a "you're hired" President! Honored to join @HillaryClinton today! 
Es hora de reunirnos todos con @HillaryClinton en Virginia!  
It's rally time with @HillaryClinton in the Commonwealth! 
Today marks one year since reaching the . Watch today's Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on it: 
Very powerful speech, straight from the heart, from my colleague @SenatorTimScott today. Urging others to watch it.
RT @SenatorTimScott: Just because you do not feel the pain, the anguish of another, does not mean it does not exist. My speech today: https…
Also worked with colleagues to draft a provision to protect the elderly from medication abuse. Full statement: 
Proud to have worked with bipartisan group to draft provisions in CARA that increases access to life-saving naloxone
Have seen firsthand how significant an impact the opioid &amp; heroin abuse epidemic is having on Virginia. This bill is a good first step
Los EEUU apoyará a Honduras a construir una región pacífica y próspera, una inversión que beneficiará ambos países
Fue un placer sentarme con el Presidente Hernández de Honduras y hablar sobre nuestros asuntos de mutua importancia 
The  will stand with Honduras to build a peaceful &amp; prosperous region, which is an investment that will benefit both countries
Great to sit down with President Hernández of Honduras to discuss the issues mutually important to our nations 
Welcome back home! Thank you to the brave @USNavy men and women of the @USSHARRYSTRUMAN  
Read the @ShaunOMB &amp; @OPMDirector blog post on strengthening the Federal  Workforce, important to VA 
.@SenSanders ran a superb campaign &amp; the movement will be a force in taking on Trump. So excited to see Dems unite behind @HillaryClinton
Pleasant surprise to see USS Arlington stopping in Norfolk yesterday while I met with members of MHI's leadership! 
US leadership on UNCLOS would strengthen rule of law &amp; demonstrate commitment to international norms &amp; our partners &amp; allies in the region
Unfortunate US hasn't ratified UNCLOS treaty. Ruling proves it is an important avenue for challenging China’s actions in the 
 ruling means existing international frameworks like UNCLOS are relevant &amp; critical in today's complex security environment
Climate change is real, it’s happening in Virginia and we can and must rise to the challenge of addressing it  
I stand w/ @SenateDems because it's  the industry-led  blocking climate action in Congress
VA veterans deserve a President who applauds them, not someone who has only shown them disdain. Joining  to discuss Trump's speech
A comprehensive  bill should fully equip women's health clinics to respond, not restrict their funding @NARAL: 
Condolences to @heraldcourier family after losing a carrier to an act of gun violence. Prayers are with the victim’s family &amp; wounded
My staff is hosting office hours across the Virginia next week to answer your questions. Find a location near you: 
Joining Americans in condemning this horrific act of senseless violence in , mourning the loss of 5 heroes &amp; praying for the wounded
Shootings in  last night were a brazen &amp; calculated attack on brave police officers doing their jobs to protect their fellow citizens
My remarks on @Medium from floor speech tonight on disturbing police shootings of  &amp;  
No podemos ignorar la obligación de responder a los desafíos por el aumento de los refugiados en la frontera sur 
US can no longer ignore the obligation to address challenges posed by increase in refugees at our southern border 
.@neurolosophy Agree   deaths are tragic. Need to end this pattern, build trust b/t police &amp; black communities
.@MarkWarner and I were excited to spend time with VA's @girlscouts @boyscouts &amp; @RoyalRangersUSA this morning! 
Eid Mubarak to all those celebrating in Virginia and across the world today
Phase 3 of @WMATA  has begun, and it will affect @Reagan_Airport travelers. The information you need: 
This bill is so connected to our country’s history &amp; heritage. Will work to advance it in Senate for final passage 
My full statement on the Afghanistan announcement: 
Support @POTUS decision to adjust trajectory of US troop levels in Afghanistan. Affirms our commitment to regional stability &amp; their people
A much-needed boost for NoVa commuters. Proud to have worked closely with VA &amp; DC colleagues on the push for this  
Anne &amp; I send our deepest condolences to the family of Abner Mikva, a larger than life legend in Chicago 
Congress has a responsibility to end the games and fund the tools needed to prepare against , long and short term
State and local health officials are working diligently in Virginia on what we can do to be prepared against the  virus
Spoke with @VDHgov &amp; health advocacy orgs on Virginia's response to the  virus today 
Happy Independence Day! Hoping everyone is celebrating with friends and family today 
Elie Wiesel's writings will live forever to teach future generations of a time we will never forget
Urging Senate leadership to bring @ExImBankUS nominee up for a vote. Crucial for jobs and competitiveness. 
Glad to see military transgender service ban lifted by  Carter today. Openness &amp; inclusivity will make our armed forces stronger
Investing in research, planning &amp; care can improve outcomes for Alzheimer's patients. My @FauquierDotCom op-ed 
Los 3,5 millones de habitantes de Puerto Rico son estadounidenses y merecen mejor. Espero seguir contribuyendo al debate
The  million people who call Puerto Rico home are US citizens &amp; they deserve better. I look forward to continuing to engage on this issue
Quisiera que el Senado hubiera considerado enmiendas para proteger los intereses de puertorriqueños y darles mayor voz
Wish Senate could have considered amendments to better protect Puerto Rico residents' interests &amp; give them stronger voice in the process
Legislacion sobre Puerto Rico no es perfecta pero si es necesaria. No cumplir con los pagos sería perjudicial
Puerto Rico bill is far from perfect, but it is necessary. A default on the debt would have pushed the island into uncharted territory
We've already wasted too much time. Congress should restart negotiations on  virus prevention funding 
This bill will help families make smart decisions when they take out loans by providing comprehensive financial guidance earlier
Just intro'd a bill w/@MarkWarner @SenCoryGardner &amp; @SenDeanHeller to help student borrowers make informed decisions 
The violence must end. Horrific attack in , a beautiful city. My heart goes out to families &amp; loved ones of those killed or injured
Urge my GOP colleagues to abandon this partisan distraction &amp; immediately engage in a new round of talks. My stmt: 
 poses a serious threat across the country, yet Republicans would rather play politics than pass funding to combat the virus
 ruling on Texas law is a major win for women &amp; families, as well as the fight to expand reproductive freedom for all 
Applaud  for seeing Texas law for what it is: an attempt to undermine a woman's right to make her own healthcare choices 
One year ago, love won. Proud to stand with the LGBT community today and always. We must work to fight intolerance &amp; hate 
Hoping everyone in Covington is safe this morning. Stay clear of flooded areas &amp; contact the Alleghany Co Sheriff's Office if you need help
Saddened to hear about the passing of Dickenson County native Ralph Stanley. Will be Listening to some Clinch Mountain Boys in his memory
 was a sign of unity that will make our party stronger. Time for meaningful reform the American people support 
It is a sad day when one branch of government believes it can gain political advantage by undermining another branch
Split rulings in two cases today shows how destructive the Republican blockade on filling the  is to the rule of law 
While Congress continues to refuse to fix a broken  system, I will continue to do everything I can to support @POTUS's effort
 immigration ruling on  &amp;  is a setback, but the fight to bring millions of families out of the shadows is far from over
Joined @NewDay to discuss  &amp; why it should be commonsense to prevent terrorists from buying a gun 
House Dems are on a roll. Just saw my friend @repbobbyscott speaking at  in support of commonsense gun reform. Keep it up!
Joining CNN @NewDay at 7:15am. Hope you can tune in!
Saw @VirginiaWestern's  exhibit! It was selected as a @NSF finalist for the Community College Challenge 
Proud to be sitting in on House floor with @repjohnlewis. Congress has to stop being bystanders to gun violence 
Heading to the House floor to cheer on my Democratic colleagues who have had . Time to take action on gun violence 
Excited to cheer on @USSoccer tonight versus Argentina. We believe in you!    🇺🇸
Great speech from @HillaryClinton earlier. I agree, we cannot allow the self-proclaimed "King of Debt" Trump to roll the dice on our economy
If you're too dangerous to fly, you shouldn't be able to buy a gun. Proud to support bipartisan proposal to fix this 
Joining @SenatorCollins &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp soon to intro bipartisan proposal to keep guns from terrorists. Live here 
Appalled at the failure to pass post-Orlando gun reform measures yesterday. Joining @1140WRVA at 9:35 to discuss  
When our compassion is tested, we can't turn our backs on those fleeing disasters or the savagery of war  
We need to stop being bystanders and take action on gun violence. Hope we will reconsider &amp; act on this issue before another tragedy strikes
This is appalling. Keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists &amp; implementing background checks on private sales should be commonsense
Honored to address inaugural class of  Presidential Scholars today. Photo here with all the scholars! 
America’s future success depends on how well we invest in the education. Will keep working on ways to increase access to 
Today’s  Presidential Scholars demonstrate the current renaissance in career and technical fields
Applaud @WhiteHouse for recognizing the inspiring work of some of the country’s brightest students in CTE &amp; other academic fields today!
Standing with @MarkWarner &amp; @MayorBowser shortly after touring deteriorating parts of Memorial Bridge 
RT @MarkWarner: Getting ready to join @timkaine &amp; @MayorBowser on a tour to see Memorial Bridge's deterioration firsthand …
Proud to join Virginians and people across the nation in recognizing  today
Wishing a very happy  to all the loving dads in VA and across the country today!
Congratulations to @USSoccer for advancing to the  semi-finals!  You make us proud!!   🇺🇸
Joining South Carolinians &amp; Americans alike today in remembering the  lost too soon at Emanuel AME Church one year ago
Hoping everyone in Henrico County is staying safe after last night’s severe storms. Report downed wires by calling 866-DOM-HELP
Good luck to @USSoccer in their big game tonight!   🇺🇸
Discussed last night’s  and why I’ve had  when it comes to inaction on gun reform w/@ABC7News. Tune in at 6pm.
It's time to stop being bystanders on . Let's cast a vote  
My remarks from the floor during last night's powerful  to force action on   
We can honor the victims of Orlando by taking action now. Honored to  tonight with colleagues. Amazing job by @ChrisMurphyCT
Headed to  . Virginians have had  when it comes to gun violence. Watch live on CSPAN2 
Brian shared how his bank offers an innovative way to increase savings among lower-income Americans
Honored to introduce Brian Plum, President of @MyBlueRidgeBank at today's Aging Committee hearing 
Wouldn't miss it. Planning to be on the floor later tonight   
 and ! Happy 80th Birthday, @VAStateParks! Find your Virginia State Park today: 
Four years ago, young hardworking  got the opportunity to no longer live in the shadows  Progress, but still need 
I’ve had  too. Applauding my colleagues today who are taking a stand to bring about commonsense reforms to prevent gun violence
Joining @mitchellreports soon on  on @MSNBC. Tune in!
Discussed the Orlando shooting &amp; the right steps we can take in Congress to address gun violence on @Morning_Joe 
Watch @SCOTUSnom Garland deliver the commencement address at  Elementary School now: 
RT @SCOTUSnom: Today, Judge Garland delivers a commencement speech for the  elementary school where he's spent years tutoring: https://…
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 7:20AM. Tune in!
Met with Sheriff Mike Chapman today. Thank you to @LoudounSheriff for protecting the communities you bravely serve 
Thanking all the men and women in the @USArmy - past and present - on it's 241st birthday today 
Met with Virginia @girlscouts today in Washington who are celebrating 100 years of the ! 
Reflected on the tragedy in Orlando this morning &amp; my continued push for a new  against ISIL on @WTOP 
Discussing the Orlando shootings at 7:50am with WIQO in Lynchburg. Listen in here: 
Joining Mike &amp; Joan on @WTOP at 7:30 to discuss the tragedy in Orlando. Tune in here: 
Horrific &amp; senseless tragedy in Orlando. My heart goes out to the loved ones of those lost &amp; wounded at this incredibly difficult time
Welcome home!  
Pleased the new embassy security training center at Fort Pickett is creating jobs &amp; opportunities for VA businesses 
 in Virginia and the US can now request parole to reunite with their family members: 
Will continue to champion issues for the Filipino American community &amp; ensure we never forget the important contributions of WWII 
New @USCIS policy will allow  to receive care from loving family members who have waited years, even decades, to reunite in the US
Honored to join @maziehirono &amp; @SenatorReid in announcing @USCIS program to reunite  with their families 
RT @SenatorDurbin: I commend @OAS_official Secretary General Almagro's efforts to bring attention to the need for peaceful resolution to th…
Shocked &amp; saddened by today's violent terror attack in Tel Aviv. The  stands with Israel in mourning the loss of life &amp; seeking justice
New report &amp; mapping tool on health disparities in NoVa region. Despite high rankings, disparities still exist: 
Strategic importance of the US-India relationship is growing every year. My full statement here: 
Encouraged by increased cooperation b/t US-India on defense issues &amp; combatting  
Honored to hear Prime Minister Modi’s vision for India before a joint session of Congress in the  Capitol today 
Felicidades a @USSoccer por su victoria decisiva anoche en !!  🇺🇸
Congratulations to @USSoccer for a decisive win last night in !!  🇺🇸
 reform was named after the late NJ Sen. Frank Lautenberg. His leadership on this bill will never be forgotten!
 clears away a bureaucratic obstacle that has prevented regulation of asbestos, a known carcinogen, for the past 25 years
Proud Senate sent  to @POTUS with unanimous support. The good faith shown in this process is a model for future legislative cooperation
We must be more proactive responding to  virus. Urging @StateDept to protect servicemembers &amp; Americans abroad 
Excited to join so many friends on a special edition of @jfradioshow! Tune in at 7:35AM 
Joining @wmalnews at 7:15am to discuss @HillaryClinton's historic primary wins last night  
Now it's time for us to come together to ensure we send @HillaryClinton to the White House 
History made! So proud to call @HillaryClinton our presumptive nominee 
My full statement on the  amendments I introduced today on the  here: 
Short of ISIL-specific  this year, it's my hope we can revise 2001  to better tailor US fight against terrorism &amp; clarify mission
RT @lizchar: Wild horse spotting on Assateague  
RT @lizchar: Spent the weekend at my favorite park, Assateague Island  
Congrats to @NASA_Wallops on its groundbreaking last Friday for a new Mission Launch Command Center
Honored to be a part of today's  ceremony at the @DDayMemorial. @WDBJ7 will cover it at 11am: 
Today, we remember the valor, devotion and sacrifice of the Allied Forces on 
Ramadan Kareem to Muslims in Virginia and across the world during this holy month
Muhammad Ali was an inspiration worldwide. His contributions to sport and athletes were invaluable 
Rooting for the  tonight as they kick off ! RT to show your support! @ussoccer  🇺🇸
We know  will be inconvenient for commuters, but safety work is long overdue. WMATA is finally stepping up, which is a good sign
As  surge begins tomorrow, stay updated on impacts to OR/SV lines: 
 Productivity the public sees when the Senate works best. Today marks 30 yrs of @CSPAN broadcasting the floor 
My take on why Donald Trump poses an unprecedented risk to our country in today's @Daily_Press: 
Anyone who missed @HillaryClinton's speech today should go back and watch - she clearly laid out why Trump is unfit to be Commander in Chief
Saddened by the loss of Delegate Jackie Stump, a great public servant for our Commonwealth who served SW Virginia admirably.
RT @POTUS: We cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal. We must take action to prevent this from happening again &amp; again.…
Learn more about the CDC Research on Firearms Safety or Gun Violence Prevention Act &amp; Fix Gun Checks Act 
Announced my support for a bill that dramatically strengthens background record checks on all private &amp; online firearm sales 
Proud to support a bill that would lift a de facto 20-year ban on firearms safety &amp; gun violence prevention research at @CDCgov 
Congress cannot be complacent when gun violence remains so prevalent in American society  
Unlike Trump, @HillaryClinton has a comprehensive plan to support our veterans, troops, and their families: 
RT @NeffGould: Mt Rogers. Highest peak in VA!    
RT @TimBialecki: .@timkaine Heard little devils stairs is a favorite hike of yours. Great call!    https:…
Our fallen heroes will never be forgotten. Grateful to the servicemembers who have protected our nation  
Hey VA! Going to a national park on ? Send me your best photos using . I'll RT my favs 
RT @WMLawSchool: The Education of Senator @TimKaine: @VALW story on remarks at @WMLawSchool  graduation   https://t.…
Laura Holgate confirmed as @iaeaorg ambassador. Important position, esp for  oversight. Confident she has experience to do the job well
RT @HokiePedro: Fun day at wolf trap!  
Congrats to Kyra, Tejas and Edwin on their great performances this week (h/t @philosophykat for catching my mistake earlier)
Good luck to Virginians Hannah, Tejas, and Edwin in the @ScrippsBee finals today!    
May is . @BlueStarFamily study shows economic cost of employment challenges: 
Honored to speak to leaders in the Jewish American community today for Jewish American Heritage Month  
Congrats to @UVAMensTennis on back to back national championships!  
Happy 75th birthday to legendary musician &amp; civil rights advocate Bob Dylan. Enjoying some Dylan classics in the office today
Discussing  &amp; elevating  cyber posture at @CSIS. Watch live: 
Proud to be honored by the @CFTNI tonight with my colleague @SenPatRoberts!
Good luck to @DCCPR men's baseball as they take on Montgomery College for the District D Championship Series today  !
RT @NARALVirginia: Thank you Virginia's Sen. @timkaine for introducing Access to Birth Control Act to protect access at pharmacies: https:/…
RT @CyberCSIS: Where do we stand on info sharing after the Cybersecurity Act? @timkaine  will discuss this topic @CSIS on 5/24 https:/…
No woman’s access to contraception should be denied at the pharmacy counter after she has made a decision with her doctor
Joining colleagues on a bill to defend the freedom of women's healthcare choices: 
Bill also includes important emergency supplemental funding to prevent spread of  virus. Important as we move into the summer months
Glad the Senate could pass a  / MilCon / VetAffairs approps bill with solid provisions for Virginia: 
Intro'd bill to promote apprenticeships-goal is to help more students, workers &amp; employers compete in global economy 
Saddened at the passing of @CBSnews &amp; @60Minutes legend Morley Safer. A master of his craft who will be dearly missed.
Joined @maddow last night to discuss the obstruction of President's @SCOTUSnom &amp; how it's being perceived  
Congrats to @TCCva on the national designation for its  program!
Joining @maddow tonight to discuss continued @SCOTUSnom obstruction &amp; how it's perceived. Tune in at 9:15
Great meeting with Mayor Roger Vance today to discuss infrastructure and the latest in Hillsboro! 
Protecting our airports, surface transportation, and travelers through substantial security measures is vital and paramount
Joining colleagues in calling for increased TSA funding to help address long wait times &amp; ensure security 
We must help those fleeing the unspeakable violence in Syria. Refugees are the most carefully vetted of travelers to the US 
Urging the Administration to fulfill commitment to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees this fiscal year  
The obligation for communities to affirmatively further  is not new. RT if you stand against attempts to weaken the AFFH rule
It is fiction to say AFFH mandates changes to zoning laws, requires people to move, or ends local control of community planning 
AFFH lets communities make informed planning &amp; investment decisions that break down barriers that stand in the way of  choice
AFFH rule is at the core of  Act. It's about expanding opportunity, investing in communities, and giving people choice
Affirmatively Furthering  (AFFH) rule protects people from housing discrimination, providing justice and equality for all
We cannot blind ourselves to how our actions are perceived. It’s time for a hearing &amp; vote on Judge Garland’s nomination 
ICYMI: my speech on unprecedented obstruction of @SCOTUSnom &amp; the dangerous message it sends to the American public 
It was great to see members of the Danville Youth Council checking out the Capitol today! 
Congratulations to Eric Fanning, the new Secretary of the @USArmy
RT @ChrisCoons:  reminds why a full, functioning  is so critical to addressing the most pressing challenges our country…
Refusal to consider this President's @SCOTUSnom - the first African American president - feeds a painful perception among many constituents
I don't know the majority's motivations, but I want to share how this obstruction appears to many in Virginia
In that spirit, heading to floor at 4pm w/@SenatorCardin @CoryBooker @SenBlumenthal re: unprecedented obstruction of @SCOTUSnom 
Senate did its job by considering &amp; confirming a  nominee to ensure Brown v. Board had 9 justices to rule on this important matter
 in 1954,  ruled the promise of equality could not be denied to schoolchildren based on the color of their skin in Brown v. Board
There shouldn't be a stigma surrounding  programs in society. They are proven solutions for creating jobs &amp; retraining workers
The acquisition of  skills, whether it be welding, carpentry, or computer sciences, is a great path to success in life
In Senate, I have made  my edu priority. I've intro'd bipartisan bills that promote integration of CTE into the academic track
Just wrapped my testimony on  for the House
@EdWorkforce Committee. Here are some 
Watch the hearing live here  @edworkforcedems 

On my way to testify on importance of passing Perkins CTE Act for future of  cc: @edworkforcedems
As a beneficiary of dual enrollment, I applaud @usedgov’s experimental
site program. Will benefit students &amp; help cut the cost of higher-ed
Fantastic news that Central VA CC and @germannacc were selected to
take part in experimental Pell Grant program for dual enrollment
students
Honored to address @VMInews class of 2016 on  and  global leadership in Lexington. Good luck and godspeed! 
Excited to deliver the commencement address for @VMInews class of 2016. Watch live at 11:00am 
Co-prescribing naloxone with opioid medications can help save lives. Learn more about my bill here: 
Hoping for more bipartisan work in Congress to address this epidemic. Families and communities across VA &amp; US depending on us to lead
Opioid abuse doesn't discriminate, it can affect anyone. Proud to be working in the Senate to increase access to treatment resources
Important weekly address from @POTUS with @Macklemore on addressing opioid abuse: 
Proud  includes many provisions that will benefit Virginia’s hardworking defense community. My full statement: 
Happy independence day to the State of Israel. The bond between our nations remains strong and vital to our mutual security and prosperity
Energy &amp; Water Appropriations bill has passed the Senate with several VA priorities @MarkWarner and I fought for: 
Congrats to Bruce Smith! Hall of Fame defensive end from Norfolk and all-time @VT_Football and @NFL leader in sacks 
Joined @MarkWarner to intro a resolution honoring the life &amp; legacy of General George Marshall through @GeoCMarshallFou’s museum and library
These brave pilots served our nation admirably and deserve this special recognition. Glad Congress could right this wrong
Proud the bill I cosponsored to give Women @usairforce Service Pilots burial rights at @ArlingtonNatl will be law 
Thinking of Officers Dermyer &amp; Guindon during . Let's honor them and all the officers who serve to protect us every day
Applaud @USTradeRep in challenging China on fair trade @WTO. Poultry #1 ag commodity of #1 VA industry 
Congrats to Jacqueline Firster of Abingdon  in Arlington on being named  for leading the classroom in 
Spoke with students of the @ArmyWarCollege class of 2016 today. Congrats, and thank you for serving 
Watch @NOVA_Prez share his thoughts on  &amp; preparing students for college and beyond cc: @NovaAccess @All4Ed
Live now, Senate Career and Technical Education Caucus &amp; @All4Ed holding a briefing on  for students 
Joining @mitchellreports now on  to discuss foreign policy and the important role it will play in . Tune to @MSNBC
Thanks to all who participated! Virginia agencies and the @DEAHQ will look to organize another one in the fall
31,000 lbs of Rx drugs were collected in VA during last month's Take Back Day. A great success that will keep unused opioids off the streets
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoying time with my parents &amp; Anne this weekend in 
My prayers are with Johnny Joannou's family; an accomplished public servant who will be missed by his former colleagues &amp; those he served
My full statement w/ @MarkWarner on the @wmata repair plan: 
We’ve waited years to see a take-charge plan to deal w/ Metro’s safety issues. Plan announced today grasps the urgency of the situation. 2/3
Metro riders deserve better than the new normal of near-daily smoke incidents, power outages, arcing insulators &amp; service disruptions. 1/3
Abingdon has been nominated for @BudgetTravel’s coolest Small Town in America. Vote today!  
Hoy reconocemos la valentía de los mexicanos en la Batalla de Puebla y la importancia de las contribuciones de Mex a EEUU que perduran
Congrats to Caroline Taylor, RN &amp; President of Taylor Made Diagnostics, for winning the 2016 VA  POY! Week 
 keeps the Commonwealth's economy strong &amp; innovative. Best wishes on a good  expo today to the @RestonChamber Week
I joined Senate colleagues last week to request more resources for testing drinking water in schools for contaminants
Lead contamination in Flint has highlighted the importance of investing in prevention and mitigation resources at the federal level
RT @MarkWarner: .@TimKaine &amp; I urged @usedgov 4 comprehensive guidance on protections 4 transgender &amp; gender non-conforming students https:…
 Americans have fought for our country, served as leaders in our communities &amp; made an immeasurable impact on our history HM2016
It's Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander Heritage Month, a time to celebrate the influence of the  community in VA and across the country
As a parent I've seen the difference teachers can make in students' lives. RT to thank VA's hardworking teachers 
RT @SenFranken: As states like NC try to limit rights of  people, I’m urging @usedgov to clarify Title IX protections. More: https://t…
Joining my colleagues in urging @usedgov to clarify legal protections for  students across the country 
Taking questions on education on @Quora. Send me your Qs, and I'll post my thoughts this Wednesday at 3:00pm ET 
The drone that made the historic delivery of medical supplies to @ramusaorg in Wise is heading to @airandspace! 
El Senado aprobó una resolución que copatrociné respaldando los esfuerzos de Colombia en solucionar el conflicto armado pacificamente
Senate passed a resolution this week that I cosponsored to support Colombia's efforts to pursue peace and end the nation's armed conflict
Joining the @Morning_Joe crew at 7:40am to talk foreign policy &amp; yesterday's hearing on the counter-ISIL operation.
RT @chefjoseandres: @timkaine @DogTagBakery proud that my @WCKitchen is a small partner in their amazing success!!!
Learn how @DogTagBakery is helping veterans find jobs &amp; get the education they need to succeed in civilian life: 
The folks at @DogTagBakery are helping empower our nation's veterans &amp; their families   
Great seeing VA @steelworkers reps yesterday to talk workers' rights &amp; their important contributions to VA's economy 
With passage of a Senate resolution yesterday, we unanimously agreed the economic bonds between the  and Israel must remain strong.
Watch today's Armed Services Committee hearing on counter-ISIL operations &amp; Middle East strategy here at 9:30am: 
Berna couldn't afford a drug she needs b/c of 's sudden price hike business model. She tells her story today 
At 3:30, I'll introduce Williamsburg's Berna Heyman who was a victim of 's drastic Rx price hikes: 
RT @GovernorVA: .@GovernorVA encourages all Virginians to prepare for mosquito season by visiting @VDHgov Zika website …
The Southwest Virginia Medical Reserve Corps was awarded for their 2015 Rx drug take-back efforts. Congrats and thank you! @VDHgov
Saturday is National Rx Drug Take-Back Day. Disposing unused Rx drugs responsibly can help save lives:  @VDHgov
Increasing access to K-12 computer science prepares students for in-demand, high-skill jobs  
Hey Virginians! Headed to a national park this weekend? Send me your best photos using . I'll RT my favorites 
Nice photo! As a reminder, here are tips to stay safe among the wildlife in @ShenandoahNPS  
Wishing for a joyous and reflective Passover to families celebrating in Virginia and across the world. Chag Sameach!
RT @adamtlewis: Gaines Mill Battlefield, Hanover County VA 

@RichmondNPS @timkaine  
On , let's recognize our planet's natural beauty &amp; help preserve it by combatting  
The right to vote makes up the very fabric of our democracy and now 200,000 more Virginians can exercise this right thanks to @GovernorVA
Signing the Paris Climate Agreement marks the start of a worldwide effort to reduce carbon pollution &amp; save our planet 
!  to Queen Elizabeth II's Virginia visit for the 400th birthday of Jamestown 
Honored to meet @SCOTUSnom Merrick Garland today. The Senate must consider such a highly qualified nominee 
Visiting a VA National Park during ? Send me photos using  and I'll RT my favorites!  
Celebrate  by helping get . Free admission for 4th graders all year!  
Proud to support the  &amp; this bipartisan effort on   
Met GEN Lori Robinson who's been nominated to head @NoradNorthcom &amp; would be 1st female to lead a combatant command 
Positive relationships between faith groups &amp; law enforcement build more resilient communities 
Excellent choice!  fought tirelessly for freedom  
Excited to join colleagues @ChrisCoons &amp; @SenatorLankford for a discussion on @pewresearch's report: America’s Changing Religious Landscape
RT @ChrisCoons: Please join us tomorrow at 2pm for a discussion w @pewresearch, @timkaine &amp; @SenatorLankford on faith in America: https://t…
.@SCOTUSnom Merrick Garland’s work to bring justice in the tragic  case 21 years ago underscores his qualifications for 
RT @AbbeyCompton: Easy climbing and great views at Great Falls National Park  @timkaine 
Urging my GOP colleagues to approve @POTUS's emergency funding request to stem spread of Zika Virus at home &amp; abroad 
Send me photos using , I'll RT my favorites this week    
Happy ! It's free to visit parks across the country, so don't hesitate to   
 debe mantener  y  en vigor que han mantenido los Orellana de Arlignton juntos 
 must uphold  &amp; , which have kept the Orellanas of Arlington together  
 &amp;  could help 91,000 VA families register w/the government &amp; work as legal residents to support their families 
My heart goes out to the victims of the deadly earthquake in Ecuador. The  stands ready to assist in recovery &amp; humanitarian efforts
Praying for the wounded in the aftermath of today's bus bombing in Jerusalem
Let's be  in remembrance of the lives we lost too soon 9 years ago today 
 vet Jesse Baltazar fought hard to get Filipino American vets the recognition they deserve. He will be missed. 
Muchas gracias a la familia Orellana de Arlington por compartir como beneficiarían de    
We are a nation of immigrants and our policies should bring families together, not tear them apart  
Appreciate the Orellana family of Arlington sharing their story with me about how they stand to benefit from   
Christian is a powerful advocate for childhood cancer awareness. Learn more about his story here  
Met  Child Christian Fagala of Quantico &amp; his family today!  cc: @Op_Homefront 
Saluting the sailors aboard the USS Harry S. Truman (CVN 75) who are helping take the fight to ISIL @aircraftcarrier 
Congrats to Virginian @StevenChabinsky, who was just appointed as a member of the @CommerceGov Cyber Commission
Tomorrow, Salem Veterans Affairs Medical Center &amp; @vaemploy will host the 5th Annual Veterans-Only Job Fair. Info: 
Oliver Singleton was a dear friend whose work helped lift up the  community. My prayers are with his family
RT @HikeMoreVA: @timkaine Had the absolute pleasure trecking  @ShenandoahNPS   …
Just wrapped a meeting with  GM Wiedefeld to discuss safety, operations, and steps to improve @wmata service 
Happy Birthday to President Thomas Jefferson! @HamiltonMusical 
VA is for state park lovers too!  
RT @dsoderstrom:  photos from @ManassasNPS 
RT @IGMaklielski: @timkaine   White Oak Canyon 
Joining the @Morning_Joe crew at 7:40am. Hope you can tune in!
Already seeing people use  to send me photos from their trip to a VA National Park! Keep them coming!  
RT @CarolDWoodward: Chippokes @VAStateParks along the James River    @timkaine 
RT @emilywhitworth:  Moormans River, Albemarle County @timkaine 
RT @h2osusie:  Shenandoah NP  @timkaine 
RT @sarahkarlene: An almost-3-months-old L on her first forced march!


 
At today's  hearing, discussed  strategy to effectively combat homegrown extremism &amp; ISIL: 
Applaud  efforts of @OIA. Let's get kids outdoors (hopefully in a National Park!) 
.@AAUW reports median earnings for men in VA were $52,864 compared to $42,445 for women. Must ensure all workers have equal pay 
According to @nwlc, today's wage gap will cost women in VA $416K over the course of a 40-year career 
 is discussing the spread of ISIL this morning. I'll be calling for an  to define &amp; shape the US mission 
Honored to speak today with @SCActionNetwork @SavetheChildren advocates  
This merger would’ve been detrimental to competition and Virginia jobs
Canadian Pacific receded its threat to take over Norfolk Southern. Glad to have been among first to raise serious concerns about this
Send me your best VA National Park photos using  all year. I'll retweet the best!  
RT @OIA: We 💛 senators who talk the talk AND walk the  walk. Great view, @timkaine!   …
Amazing view from the summit of Stony Man trail in @ShenandoahNPS    
The top of the Stony Man trail!     
More from the trail! Important to maintain our parks for future generations   ! 
Start of the Stony Man Trail this morning in    ! 
Just wrapped a hike in @ShenandoahNPS to kick off my  celebration  ! @NatlParkService Photos 
RT @WTOP: You may run into @timkaine on one Va. hiking trail

Spoke about the legacy of Reston founder Bob Simon today on Founder's Day. Here w/ his wife Cheryl &amp; @GerryConnolly 
Spoke about the legacy of Reston founder Bob Simon today on Founder's Day. Here w/ his wife Cheryl &amp; @GerryConnolly 
Excited to be discussing my work on the  &amp; world affairs tomorrow at the @Kennedy_School w/@sethmoulton 
.@TheJusticeDepartment announced funding to help at-risk youth find career pathways. VA justice orgs can apply here 
Pleased with strong bipartisan vote for the amendment I’ve been pushing to strengthen airport security. Details here 
I'm calling for stronger security in baggage claim areas &amp; check-in lines at VA airports. Joined @fox5dc to discuss: 
Virginia is home to over 100 craft breweries. Find one near you here:   
RT @sethmoulton: Thanks to @Kennedy_School for inviting me back for an event this Friday with my friend @timkaine. Hope you join us! https:…
Joining @WTOP to discuss why I'm calling for stronger security at VA airports, as well as the latest with  
About to discuss my upcoming hike at @ShenandoahNPS to kick off my  celebration with @WSVA550  
Joining @fox5dc soon to discuss my call for strengthened security at @Reagan_Airport &amp; @Dulles_Airport: 
RT @MarkWarner: Working w/ @timkaine to include provisions in the FAA bill to strengthen airport security to keep Virginians safe. https://…
40 million travelers pass through @Dulles_Airport &amp; @Reagan_Airport per year. We must strengthen airport security 
You can catch the full interview tonight on @NewsChannel8 at 8:30pm and 11:30pm
Spoke with @News8NewsTalk earlier on Iran's compliance with the nuclear deal &amp; @SCOTUSnom obstruction by Senate GOP 
140,000 people 65 &amp; older are living w/Alzheimer's in VA w/number expected to reach 190,000 by 2025. We can't wait any longer to 
In 2016, Medicaid costs of caring for people with Alzheimer's in VA will exceed $860 million. It's time to 
Met with members of Virginia @alzassociation chapters today. Let's end this disease once and for all  
More than 5 million Americans are living with  and that number is going up. Let’s support @NIH research and 
Did you know 1 in 3 Medicaid dollars are spent on 's care? It’s time to increase @NIH funding and 
Today, @SenateAging is discussing our progress to . Watch live at 
Senate Dems are discussing the unprecedented obstruction by the GOP on @SCOTUSnom right now  
 anti-LGBT law permits discrimination, plain and simple. Americans must stand up against these hateful, unjust laws 
GEN Austin's leadership has been invaluable to our country &amp; servicemembers. Thank you for 41 years of service cc: @CENTCOM
Congrats to @DanMalloyCT. We must be a compassionate nation   
Honored to address the International Association of Fire Fighters &amp; @TheVAPFF today at   @IAFFNewsDesk 
Martin Luther King, Jr's words are everlasting and the  must always uphold the values of freedom, justice and equality 
The @PvilleGazette agrees that GOP senators should meet with @SCOTUSnom &amp; hold hearings  
The Lynchburg @newsadvance agrees that there is no precedent to deny @SCOTUSnom Garland a hearing &amp; vote  
Thank you @NLIHC for letting me share my experiences fighting for fair housing at today's  forum 
Excited to discuss my time in  fighting for fair housing practices at the @NLIHC's policy forum this afternoon 
John Miller was a longtime friend &amp; great public servant. Sending my deepest sympathies to his wife Sharron and his district that he loved
Equality among all members of our armed forces will make our military more cohesive and stronger in today’s modern world
.@DeptofDefense should repeal its policy that deters practicing Sikh American soldiers from serving their country: 
No one should have to choose b/t his or her religion &amp; service to our country. Pleased w/@USArmy’s long-term accommodation for Capt. Singh
RT @TheVaPFF: Thank You for joining us today! @timkaine 
Great tour of @WestRock's Covington paper mill &amp; packaging center today! A large employer in the region. 
We must work hard to secure non-discrimination protections &amp; fight back against anti-LGBT legislation across the country 
Honored to speak at @HRC's 15th Annual Leadership Summit this morning about  &amp; fighting discrimination 
Deeply saddened by the loss of Trooper Chad Dermyer. @VSPPIO risk everything to keep us safe &amp; all of VA mourns this senseless loss
Terrible news out of Richmond today. Praying for those wounded at the Greyhound station &amp; first responders
Toured the @MotonMuseum today in Farmville, site of the historic  student strike led by Barbara Johns 
I stand with the members of the  who are fighting for  from  Soccer. Women deserve equality, not 40% less of a paycheck
RT @alzassociation: Alzheimer's disease is devastating families &amp; communities. RT to :   https:…
Increasing access to information &amp; support services can help alleviate the burden of Alzheimer’s on families across VA 
Applaud @GovernorVA for vetoing a bill that would have permitted  discrimination in VA. Everyone deserves full equality under the law
Joined @MarkWarner @SenatorCardin urging full approps funding for  to improve efficiency &amp; safety  
Chincoteague has been nominated by @USATODAY for the Best Coastal Small Town 2016! Submit your vote here: 
Congrats to @UVAMensHoops Malcolm Brogdon, just named a first-team @AP All-American! 1st  since Ralph Sampson to earn this distinction
Applaud @POTUS &amp; @HHSgov for investing in more resources today to fight the prescription  and heroin epidemic in America
Thx @GovernorVA for vetoing HB1090. Planned Parenthood provides essential preventive care for millions of women &amp; I'm proud to 
It's shameful to deny a superbly qualified @SCOTUSnom a hearing &amp; vote . My @PilotNews op-ed 
Relieved that Capitol Hill staffers and visitors are safe. Grateful, as always, for the @CapitolPolice's service
Heartbroken by the heinous Easter attack on innocent women and children in Pakistan. Praying for peace and justice.
A tough loss to take, but the Wahoos had a fantastic season. Congrats to @UVAMensHoops &amp; Coach Bennett, you make VA proud!!
Let's go ! Excited to watch as @UVAMensHoops plays for a spot in their first  since 1984 
Wishing a wonderful Easter to everyone celebrating in VA from Anne &amp; me !
The Hoos are Elite!! What a win tonight, congrats to Coach Bennett and @UVAMensHoops 
Hosted a session on Quora to answer questions about unprecedented GOP obstruction to @SCOTUSnom Garland  
 is curable but kills 3 people every minute. On  let’s all lend our voice to confronting this deadly disease
Six years ago, @POTUS signed the  into law. Now, more than 20 million Americans have gained access to healthcare coverage works
Congrats to @OrbitalATK for a successful  launch to the @Space_Station! 
RT @HillaryClinton: These terrorists seek to undermine the democratic values that are the foundation of our way of life. They will never su…
Too many innocent lives lost in the savage Brussels attacks. My heart goes out to Belgian people as they seek to find those responsible
Wishing the best for @POTUS during his ongoing . Reestablished relations will help open doors of opportunity for its people
The @VCURamNation played hard until the end and congrats on a great season 
What a win by @UVAMensHoops. Cavs are Sweet Sixteen bound!  
Great win by @VCURamNation!! On to the next round  
Congrats to @usairforce GEN Lori Robinson who will be nominated to head US Northern Command-would be first woman to be a combatant commander
Congrats to @JMUWBasketball on a great season and making it to the the big dance !!
The @SCOTUSnom battle is one for the institution of the Senate. GOP has no excuse to refuse to hold hearings 
From the @PilotNews today on @SCOTUSnom battle: "This is a partisan maneuver. Nothing more." : 
McConnell's "refusal even to consider anyone Obama nominates has no principled rationale whatsoever." - @RTDNEWS 
An excellent treat for !  
Wahoowa! @UVAMensHoops advances in . Congrats to @Hampton_MBB on a great season.
Challenge accepted!  
Pleased to see @USArmy placing women into combat units &amp; command roles. Everyone must have the opportunity to serve to their full potential
Celebrated @USArmy Women's History Month today; great event organized by the Army Women's Museum in Fort Lee, VA 
RT @RepScottRigell: RT to show your support for our Virginia teams competing in @NCAA’s ! 
RT @SenCapito: Glad @GOPHELP Committee passed my bill w/ @timkaine to address the opioid &amp; heroin epidemic: 
RT @GovernorVA: As we transform high school in VA, @timkaine leads effort in Congress to orient education to 21 century skills/jobs. https:…
Happy ! Thanks to @The19thStBand for letting me join you at  to play some favorite tunes 
Merrick Garland would make an excellent  justice. Talking with @NewsRadioWINA soon to discuss cc: @SCOTUSnom
About to join @1140WRVA to discuss why the Senate has no excuse to obstruct an extremely qualified @SCOTUSnom. Tune in!
Glad that  service can re-open tomorrow morning at 5am. Not all repairs are complete. Tough day but we saw why this was necessary
RT @WTOP: Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld: This is a frayed cable  this is why the system was shut down. 
Here are my picks for @marchmadness this year. : @KUnews, @UVA, @VCU, and @XavierUniv. Winner? ! 
RT @irlfunds: Big decision @timkaine We know you'll make the right choice! Looking forward to honoring you at   …
When you can’t decide which harmonica to play at tonight's   @irlfunds 
Hoping NoVa commuters are ok today . Tough decision, but one inconvenient day is preferable to another tragedy
I commend @POTUS for fulfilling his constitutional duty. It’s time for the Senate to do the same. Cc: @SCOTUSNom
Garland earned enthusiastic support from Ds &amp; Rs in the past; leaves Senate GOP no excuse for obstructing confirmation process. 
.@SCOTUSNom Merrick Garland is a well-respected jurist with impeccable qualifications and unrivaled experience
Right call by @USOPM  
Employers across the region - including @USOPM - should offer employees flexibility tomorrow as they face limited transit options 
While Metro closure will be a major inconvenience for riders, it signals new  management is doing whatever it takes to ensure safety
Tomorrow the Senate HELP committee will be considering my bill to increase access to naloxone: 
Just released @CDCgov guidelines highlight importance of discussing co-prescribing naloxone w/opioids: 
Policy changes take time (new GM in Nov, new fed safety policies in Dec) but these incidents can't keep happening: 
Great to see my Fredericksburg trip feat by @CivilWarwp. Proud funds I helped secure will preserve VA battlefields 
Love seeing @UVAMensHoops get a #1 seed! Congrats to @VCUramsnation &amp; @_HamptonU on also making it to the big dance 
View from Prospect Hill of the land that will be preserved through funds secured by my battlefield protection bill 
.@NatlParkService @civilwartrust &amp; I kicked off our Fredericksburg Battlefield preservation tour at Chatham Manor 
Excited to visit @missionofmercy to see firsthand the important work they do expanding dental care across  
Co-sponsored the just passed  resolution that recognizes the strong economic partnership between the US and Israel
RT @MarkHerringVA: Senate passage of  bill is great news for 1000s of VA families confronting addiction. Thanks @timkaine and @MarkWar…
 in Lebanon, VA learning how to use a life-saving Naloxone injector. Today's opioid bill will help save lives: 
Across Virginia, we continue to see the tragic consequences of opioid abuse. It has led me to 
fight this epidemic at the federal level
Proud to co-sponsor the just passed Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. It will help save lives &amp; get people drug treatment services
The Senate just showed that there is a strong bipartisan consensus to address the tragic prescription drug &amp; heroin epidemic in America
We should embrace our country's diversity, not fear it. Headed to @PressClubDC to address @NNPA_BlackPress @NAHPinc on  
Senate Judiciary members discussing paths forward on  nom today. There is only one path: providing advice &amp; consent 
Honored to meet @JustinTrudeau &amp; his wife Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau last night at the @CanEmbUSA 
Great to be in-studio with @WTOP &amp; @fox5dc this morning to talk  and more 
Senate is expected to pass a bill I co-sponsored to fight the opioid abuse crisis. Live w/@fox5dc soon to discuss: 
Joining @WTOP at 7:10am to discuss this week in the Senate,  and more. Tune in! 
Spoke with some  students from Fairfax's @WTWoodsonHS just outside my office today!  
RT @GovernorVA: Great news @PBS hit series @mercystreetpbs is coming back to VA for a 2nd season!  @VAFilmOffice …
Here's a photo from @FirstLadyVA's  event at William Ramsay Elementary School in Alexandria yesterday 
.@FirstLadyVA has been a champion for child nutrition in Virginia. Nourished minds are active minds 
It's  and every child deserves to be . Let’s make sure every child starts their day with a nutritious meal
Includes $23 million for Virginia organizations on the front lines combatting homelessness  
Talked with @UVA law professor Jonathan Cannon today in the Capitol about the urgent need to  
My soundtrack for International Women's Day? @aimeemann station on @pandora_radio 
Congress must work to close pay gap b/w men &amp; women, protect women's health care &amp; ensure our military is inclusive &amp; integrated 
It’s unacceptable only 19% of US Senate &amp; House members are women. For comparison: Rwanda is 64%, Afghanistan 28%. Time to fix this 
Very pleased @POTUS signed order for federal assistance to VA to aid recovery efforts in areas affected by the January blizzard
Powerful reminder of how far we’ve come &amp; work still ahead   
Remembering Nancy Reagan as an example of strength &amp; grace. Anne &amp; I send our deepest condolences to the Reagan family.
Congrats to @AuroraFlightSci in Manassas on being awarded @DARPA funding to continue developments on the innovative X-plane program
Reading to 4th graders at @DanielsRunES in Fairfax to mark !  
RT @DanielsRunES: Senator @timkaine reads to our fourth graders for  
Here’s a photo from the meeting, thank you for serving 
Met with @pcorpsconnect @PeaceCorps alumni volunteers today who served in Romania, Liberia, Armenia, Dominican Republic, Brazil &amp; Thailand!
Virginia currently has over 250 volunteers serving in the @PeaceCorps, and over 7,500 have served since 1961! 
It’s ! Thank you to all of the volunteers from Virginia and across the country for serving and helping those most in need
Johnston is a Captain &amp; Paramedic w/the Lynchburg Fire Department who serves her community bravely. Much deserved presidential appointment!
Congrats to Lynchburg's Abbey Johnston, who was just appointed to the Medal of Valor Review Board! cc: @lynchburggov
My thoughts exactly, we need your help urging my GOP colleagues to do so!  
First Congress, now strong &amp; unmistakable  action to hold  accountable for nuclear &amp; missiles tests
Excited to be visiting Daniels Run Elementary School in Fairfax on Friday to mark  cc: @fcpsnews
"Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!" - Dr. Suess 
If US Senators don't respect the institutions of our government on  noms, why would anyone else respect them? Senate GOP: 
Upholding TX clinic shutdown law would be detrimental to women's health. Saw similar attempts to deny women's rights in VA 
I'll be on @NPR at 8:20pm to discuss the  results in Virginia. Tune in!
Virginia is for Hillary! Congratulations to @HillaryClinton on a  primary victory here tonight 
Fantastic meeting w/Delta VA members of @dstinc1913 today! Thank you for all the hard work you do in the community 
RT @USGLC: USGLC shoutout from Sen @timkaine at  hearing, on making the case for the importance of the US International Affairs Budget…
You can keep track of @HillaryClinton in Virginia by liking her  Facebook page here: 
Watch @StationCDRKelly &amp; the crew return to Earth tonight after a ! 
Hey, @StationCDRKelly, returning to Earth just in time to vote? ; ) Safe travels home!  
Estoy con  FM La Nueva para hablar sobre mi apoyo por @Hillaryclinton y  en VA. Entonízate!
Hoy es el día de las primarias en VA! Entronízate a Radio Poder 1380 AM a las 8:15 para hablar sobre 
Congratulations to @USNavy SEAL Edward Byers Jr. who received the Medal of Honor at the White House today 
Horrible tragedy in Prince William over the weekend. Praying for Officer Guindon's family, friends and all involved.
Proud to join Latinos con Hillary on the trail for @HillaryClinton in Virginia!  
Virginia has committed to  to provide all students with high-quality educational resources. Learn more: 
Thank you to everyone for the very kind birthday wishes today!
This is why I support a bill that would keep guns out of the hands of individuals subject to a restraining order 
The shooting yesterday in Hesston, Kansas underscores the need to take seriously this epidemic of gun violence 
Joining @GerryConnolly &amp; VA delegation members supporting @aiaa's bid to host the 70th International Astronautical Congress in  in 2019
My House colleagues are right - we need the newest 7000-series Metro cars to improve service reliability &amp; safety 
Robert's voting rights were restored by @GovernorVA and I was proud to join him today
Joined first-time voter Robert Albert in Richmond this morning to cast my  ballot in the ! 
Shutting down  nomination process before it begins is a complete abdication of responsibility to defend the Constitution 
Senate has an obligation &amp; constitutional duty to advise &amp; consent on the President’s  nomination. It’s part of the job description
I'm headed to  to stand with Democratic colleagues urging Senate Republicans to hold a hearing and vote on a nominee 
Watch the    nomination press conference live today at noon here: 
To stay up to date on how to prepare for severe weather, visit  Stay safe
Applaud @POTUS for nominating Carla Hayden as the next Librarian of Congress. She is an excellent pick with vast experience
Deeply saddened by the loss of a Virginia legend, Shawsville's Sen. Madison Marye. He served his country and the Commonwealth honorably
Hoping everyone is staying safe and taking necessary precautions as severe weather moves into Virginia
While many assume opioid abuse centers on young people, this problem has a very particular &amp; dramatic impact on older Americans too
Held a hearing in Leesburg recently on opioid abuse among older Americans &amp; how the epidemic affects communities 
Senate Special Committee on Aging is holding a hearing on opioid abuse among older Americans today. Stream it here: 
 have you added your story? Tell your story to the @LibraryCongress here: 
Congrats to @LibraryCongress  history project on the 100,000th story! Watch my interview with a VA veteran: 
Throughout history our veterans have sacrificed to protect us. They deserve the timeliest, highest quality healthcare  @DAVHQ
RT @DAVHQ:  advocates from  meeting w/ lawmakers in Congress this morning about  issues.  …
Happy birthday to George Washington! He left an indelible mark on our nation and Virginia cc: @aircraftcarrier 
RT @HIIndustries: @TimKaine tells grads, friends and family: Newport News Shipbuilding is proof that American Manufacturing is alive. https…
Excited to be headed to Hampton to deliver the commencement address for @HIIndustries' The Apprentice School graduation 
Harper Lee's lessons of race and dignity inspired me to become a civil rights lawyer. Her work endures and will inspire generations to come
Wishing a very happy 89th birthday to my friend and incredible statesman for Virginia, Sen. John Warner
RT @SenateDems: WATCH: Mitch McConnell promises “an up or down vote, as has always been the case of Supreme Court nominees” 
…
The Senate has confirmed 17  justices in presidential election years. We have an obligation to consider &amp; vote on a nominee
The Senate has an obligation to consider any  nominee fairly &amp; justly  
Congrats to VA’s Peter Brooks for being named Distinguished Visiting Scholar @LibraryCongress @KlugeCtr 
Restoring commercial flights to  is another sign of the progress within our renewed relationship Policy 
Read the @ATLBlackStar story on why Congress must pass the 400 Years of African American History Act: 
W/out African Americans some of America’s crowning achievements wouldn't have been possible. My thoughts in @TheRoot 
.@doloreshuerta y yo hablamos con gente excelente en la oficina de @HillaryClinton en East Las Vegas!  
I joined @DoloresHuerta to speak to a great group here at @HillaryClinton's East Las Vegas office!  
Powerful photos from @boblazaro &amp; Northern VA delegation in Turkey helping provide critical aid to Syrian : 
Nice to see @HamiltonMusical (feat. some of VA's finest presidents) win big at the . Saw it with my daughter last year!
RT @jmartNYT: Tyler's grandson still lives on family estate, Sherwood Forest

Yes, grandson. 


Woodrow Wilson is also the only president buried in Washington,  
Wodrow Wilson was the first president with a doctorate and first to attend a World Series Game! 
Not wanting to vote against a new Commander in Chief, Zachary Taylor's first vote for president was in 1848 for himself! 
Zachary Taylor earned the nickname “Old Rough and Ready" as ambitious military officer 
John Tyler was also the first president to get married while in office 
John Tyler was the first VP to become president without being elected to the the office 
William Henry Harrison also served the shortest term in American history at only thirty days in office 
William Henry Harrison chose not to wear a hat or coat while giving the longest inaugural address in history! 
The White House was first painted with white paint from restorations during the presidency of James Monroe 
James Monroe was a student at @williamandmary before enlisting in the 3rd VA Regiment during the Revolutionary War 
James Madison was also the youngest delegate at the 1780 Continental Congress in Philadelphia 
James Madison was the shortest President, measuring 5'4'' 
Thomas Jefferson died on July 4th 1826, the 50th anniversary of  independence and same day as rival John Adams 
Thomas Jefferson loved vanilla ice cream. He brought home a recipe from France, which is now in the @librarycongress 
Nelson and Blueskin are the names to two of George Washington's horses he rode throughout the Revolutionary War 
George Washington's second inaugural address was less than two minutes! It is the shortest ever delivered 
Happy ! Virginia is home to the most Presidents, and I'll be tweeting facts on all of them today using 
Read my full statement on  here: 
Senator McConnell's statement to block any nominee to  - no matter how qualified - is a perversion of the very notion of justice
Great time last night with VEA buddies to honor amazing recipients of the Horace Mann Awards for Teaching Excellence 
Glad the Senate finally confirmed seven nominees important to  foreign policy. Next step: confirm ambassadors to Mexico and the @iaeaorg
Increasing access to naloxone will help save lives in the fight against opioid abuse and misuse: 
Sat down with students &amp; faculty from Manassas Park HS to discuss college affordability  cc: @MPCSVA 
ICYMI: I spoke about my support for sanctions against . You can watch my floor speech here: 
Joining Mike &amp; Joan on @WTOP at 7:10. Tune in! 
Live w/ @fox5dc at 6:30am to talk about my push for a commission to recognize 400 yrs of African American history 
Speaking on our bill recognizing the resilience, contributions of Africans in America, since 1619  
RT @OfficialCBC: , @GKButterfield @timkaine @MarkWarner @repbobbyscott recognize 400 yrs of Afr. American history https:/…
Excited to help open @HillaryClinton's Northern VA headquarters tonight in Alexandria!  
Recent provocations by  violate numerous @UN Security Council resolutions &amp; pose a significant threat to the  and allies
Voted for the bipartisan  sanctions bill. @POTUS must have the tools needed to confront the growing threat
Glad I got to see some of the @HerndonHS Hornets at the Capitol this afternoon! cc: @fcpsnews 
Greater awareness &amp; strengthening access to CTE programs will be critical to our nation's continued economic competitiveness 
CTE gives students real-world skills through applied learning &amp; integrates their academic curriculum with employability skills 
RT @CTEMedia: Heard that  is trending in DC today - huge thanks to our partners for spreading the word about  for all…
FACT: approx 14 million students are enrolled in CTE, covering every state through nearly 1,300 public schools&amp; 1,700 2yr colleges 
Let's create good CTE curriculum w/teacher residency programs!  @actecareertech @all4ed @aftteach @CTEWorks 
CTE can lead middle school students to career exploration  @actecareertech @nassp @CTEworks @MGForumSTW 
We should allow students to use federal loans for short-term CTE programs  @actecareertech @CTEworks 
Let's expand Pell Grants to include short-term job training programs  @SkillsCoalition @actecareertech  
It's ! Here's why CTE programs can prepare students for high-skill jobs in the 21st century workforce 
Proud that  res passed the Senate unanimously! CTE is vital for the workforce of our future. Read it here: 
Heading to a  briefing w/businesses and edu leaders on CTE and the 21st century workforce. Watch live here: 
Wishing a blessed  and a happy start to Lent to Catholics in Virginia and across the world today!
You can stream the  briefing with employers &amp; my fellow Senate CTE Caucus co-chairs today at 1:30pm! 
Scaling back non-violent drug sentences is fiscally smart &amp; can make a real difference in people’s lives 
Headed to a  roundtable to discuss ways to fix a decades-long policy of over-incarceration
Cc: @senrobportman @SenatorBaldwin @senatorisakson @actecareertech
You can stream the  briefing with employers &amp; my fellow Senate CTE Caucus co-chairs tomorrow at 1:30pm! 
The @jfradioshow is live in NH today. I'm calling in soon to discuss the primary &amp; my support for @HillaryClinton 
I'm joining Clovia on @KissRichmond to discuss my weekend in NH campaigning for @HillaryClinton. Listen here: 
I'll be on @WMALDC to discuss the  and why I'm pulling for @HillaryClinton. Listen live here: 
Hoy es el último para registrarte para votar en las elecciones primarias de Virginia el 1ero de Marzo. Regístrate: 
Today is the deadline to register for Virginia's March 1st presidential primary. Register here: 
Headed to the @SkillsCoalition summit in Arlington to discuss how CTE prepares students for the 21st century workforce 
RT @Bradybuzz: @TimKaine is helping lead the fight to  &amp; break the gun lobby's stranglehold on Congress!  …
Taking action now will help mitigate the impact of the  abroad &amp; prevent the spread in the  and Virginia
I support a robust response to the  -urged @POTUS to increase funding to control outbreak &amp; counter spread 
Hoping @NASA &amp; the @Space_Station crew can pull through for Arlington's St. Thomas More Cathedral School! 
Looking forward to seeing how the @US_FDA implements the action plan. We must get people the help they need to overcome their addictions
Commend the @US_FDA for releasing an action plan to address the  
More from the @RTDNEWS on what the new Foreign Affairs Security Training Center will mean for VA: 
Excited to announce with the VA delegation &amp; @GovernorVA the groundbreaking for a Foreign Affairs Security Training Center at Ft. Pickett
Just arrived at the National Prayer Breakfast. Watch it live: 
ICYMI: @realwizkaliaa, @GeorgeMasonU student &amp;  native, shares her story on student loan debt  
Congrats to the Virginia high school student athletes who signed their letters of intent. The hard work has payed off! 
Glad  included important 'Teach Safe' provisions. By reaching students earlier, we can help prevent dating violence &amp; sexual assault
 1 year ago, I introduced the Teach Safe Relationships Act to help prevent sexual assault by teaching safe relationship behavior
We must stop vilifying Muslim Americans by rejecting proposals to treat them differently. We are a tolerant &amp; loving nation 
As @POTUS said at his first , our founding fathers - like Thomas Jefferson -made religious freedom the foundation of our nation
Watch @POTUS speak out against the hateful rhetoric towards Muslim-Americans   
Nice meeting you &amp; thanks for sharing your story on student loan debt. We must help students who are  
My staff will hold a bilingual Kaine Connects session in Harrisonburg on Wednesday to offer help. Read more: 
Mi staff tendrá una sesión bilingüe de Conéctate con Kaine en Harrisonburg el miércoles para ofrecer ayuda. Lee más: 
More from my remarks at today's Armed Services Committee hearing on gender integration into all combat units &amp; ops 
We should have tough standards that servicemembers must meet, but we can't tell women there should be a cap on their service aspirations
Women have proved conventional wisdom wrong throughout history. They will do it again as the military fully integrates all combat units
Now, the women's record for running a marathon is 2 hrs 15 mins. That would've won gold in the men's marathon during most of Olympic history
Women were not allowed to run the marathon in the Olympics until 1984. There was a belief that physically they would not be able to run it
Congrats to Wise County's Micronic on winning @generalelectric / @statoilasa Water Challenge by making energy production more efficient
Here's how @POTUS's budget proposal would address the opioid abuse epidemic in America 
The opioid epidemic affects every last zip code &amp; region of Virginia. I'm focused on finding solutions that address this scourge
Applaud @POTUS proposal of $ in new funding to address the opioid &amp; heroin abuse epidemic. We must ensure people get the help they need
Headed to a Armed Services hearing on opening all ground combat units to women. You can watch live here: 
The Pamunkey are finally receiving federal recognition! Hoping the six VA tribes also waiting can receive the same
Bravo @LGRalphNortham for casting tie-breaking vote to defeat SB48 &amp; protect VA's concealed carry permit requirement 
RT @NSCsafety: Thank you for joining us for this morning’s Senate hearing! For more NSC tools and information on rx abuse, visit https://t.…
RT @NSCsafety: Senator @timkaine calls out NSC Injury Facts as a fantastic resource. Curious about your odds for cause of death? https://t.…
RT @MarkHerringVA: Great hometown discussion about heroin/Rx drug abuse, including among older Virginians. Glad to offer my testimony! http…
Wishing a very happy birthday to my beautiful wife and hardworking @VASecofEdu, Anne, today!
Today is the start of , a time to be reminded of the contributions African Americans have made to positively impact the US
Want to thank the witnesses at today's hearing for the informational testimonies on opioid abuse &amp; their work in VA to address this epidemic
Age group with fastest growing rate of overdose deaths due to prescription opioids is 55-64. This crisis does not solely impact young people
Held a @SenateAging field hearing in Leesburg on how federal policy can address opioid abuse among older Americans 
It's time for  for women 
7 years after @POTUS signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, he's taking new steps to advance  
.@LCPSOfficial's Tuscarora HS football coach Michael Burnett was named @NFL High School Coach of the Year. Congrats! 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I heard from student leaders at VA universities &amp; colleges dealing with student loan debt  
Fantastic Skype chat with 8th graders at @vbschools' @LynnhavenMiddle this afternoon! 
Joined @SenBlumenthal &amp; @ChrisMurphyCT to intro a bill that holds gun manufacturers accountable for negligence &amp; disregard for public safety
It's time for gun manufacturers to meet the same standard of accountability that other American industries must meet 
10 yrs ago, Congress gave gun manufacturers an unprecedented gift – a federal liability shield from lawsuits on negligent use of their guns
IAEA inspections = key to detecting any Iranian nuclear activity (and avoiding mistakes of past) cc: @POLITICOMag 
Heading to the Senate floor to discuss  enforcement w/@chriscoons &amp; other colleagues. Watch here 
Christiansburg was selected to participate in the  federal initiative to improve access to local, fresh foods
Virginians in the District: Metro is opening its parking garages for free until Monday at 9:30am to keep cars safe from inclement weather
.@HillaryClinton has always fought for women's rights, from equal pay to protecting a woman's right to choose  
We should never restrict or criminalize a woman's reproductive decisions. I oppose efforts to weaken Roe v. Wade  
You can download the free VDOT 511 app for updates on road conditions at: 
For more information, download the free Ready Virginia app at: 
Stay up-to-date on the Commonwealth's response efforts &amp; resources as wintry weather moves in. Stay warm &amp; be safe! 
Proud of my work to advocate for this funding along w/ @GovernorVA @MarkWarner @repbobbyscott &amp; @RepScottRigell
VA receives $120M in federal funding to address sea level rise! A testament to the hard work of stakeholders in Hampton Roads 
Refugees fleeing unspeakable atrocities deserve our compassion. Thank you for the support on this critical issue 
Proud to support Eric Fanning's nomination. Tremendously qualified &amp; experienced to be our next @USArmy Secretary 
Headed to an Armed Services Committee hearing on the nomination of Eric Fanning to be the next @USArmy Secretary
Hoping VA and metro area commuters stay safe tonight as icy and wintery weather makes its way to town
ICYMI: I spoke on the Senate floor today urging my colleagues to formally declare ISIL as our enemy, not refugees 
As @IgnatiusPost notes, the debate on ISIL hasn't begun. Nearly 18 months into war, when will Congress step up? 
Urge my colleagues to press for a debate &amp; vote to declare war versus our real enemy - ISIL, not refugees fleeing humanitarian atrocities
We need a debate on our foreign enemy-but it's not refugees, it's ISIL. I oppose the Security Against Foreign Enemies Act 
Congrats to Honduran Pres. @JuanOrlandoH, who signed a historic agreement with @OAS_official to fight corruption 
Appreciate @JackandJillInc’s work to help families, like those in Alexandria &amp; Prince William Co. who visited today! 
VA native and @VCU graduate @richiepope designed @Google's Doodle yesterday for . Great work! 
 program announced today will prepare students for jobs through CTE &amp; grow partnerships b/t schools, businesses &amp; communities
Talking ,  and  in Richmond with local civil rights leaders  
Excited to join Virginia civil rights leaders and organizations at 1pm for the "King Day of Action" at the State Capitol in Richmond 
Today, we celebrate the life of Dr. King, his legacy of peaceful social change and pursuit of the advancement of equality &amp; justice 
Iran’s missile tests, human rights violations &amp; support for terrorism &amp; arms programs will not go unpunished, even as we implement the JCPOA
Important sign that  will face consequences, including sanctions, for violations of international agreements: 
We face a vastly reduced threat of a nuclear . Time for supporters &amp; critics of the deal to unite, insisting on strict implementation
Especially happy that @washingtonpost reporter Jason Rezaian and others can finally come home
Today is a good day for international security and evidence of what strong  diplomacy can achieve 
Sad news coming out of Hawaii this morning. Hoping for the best as the Coast Guard continues its search.
.@OrbitalATK contract will strengthen the Eastern Shore's economy &amp; ensure a bright future for VA's space launch facilities at @NASA_Wallops
Game-changing news for the Commonwealth and @OrbitalATK! 
Great to meet @Carole_King to discuss public lands and conservation issues. What a "nature"-al woman! 
.@RepScottRigell has always focused on doing what's right &amp; working with anyone to find common ground. I’ll miss working together.
Applaud @GovernorVA's vision in the . Increasing funding for K-12 education &amp; developing a strong workforce will build a 
Proud to join @SenatorBarb &amp; @SenJoniErnst in an effort to give Women Air Force Service Pilots - or WASPs - burial rights in @ArlingtonNatl
On , we honor the impact Korean-Americans have had in communities across Virginia and America!
Urging the VA to remove unnecessary burdens on Blue Water Navy veterans so they can get the care they need &amp; deserve 
RT @MarkWarner: .@LGRalphNortham is exactly right: no justification for limiting media access to the Virginia Senate.  …
Joining @ABC7GMW at 7:15am to discuss my reaction to last night's powerful . Tune in!
As @POTUS noted, the scourge of opioid addiction cuts across party lines. Let's come together to lift up communities hurt by this epidemic
Appreciate @POTUS's call for an . Congress cannot let another year go by without debating &amp; authorizing the war vs ISIL 
Tonight, @POTUS reflected on the significant progress our country has made over the past seven years and challenged us to reach higher 
Hoping to hear how @POTUS plans to build on his efforts to address the opioid epidemic this year
According to the @CDCgov, opioid overdose deaths hit record levels in 2014 ,killing more than 47,000 people
Honored to welcome Don as my  guest &amp; I’m hopeful that we can raise awareness of the opioid epidemic and take action to stop it
My guest for the  is Don Flattery of Alexandria, a member of VA's drug abuse task force &amp; powerful advocate 
The  stands firmly with our allies &amp; will not waiver in the pursuit to defeat those who use terror to pursue their despicable objectives
Saddened by the wave of suicide attacks in  today and Iraq yesterday. The continued slaughter of innocents is savage &amp; unjustified
Recently returned from a trip to the Middle East focused on the fight vs ISIL &amp; Israeli-Palestinian peace process: 
A year since 's  incident, we've seen progress. But more hard work is left to fully restore trust in safety &amp; reliability
There's only one word to describe the actions of Vienna's Charlotte Heffelmire: heroic. Amazing story on @WTOP 
From creating jobs to helping , @GovernorVA @MarkHerringVA &amp; @LGRalphNortham have moved VA forward! Congrats on 2 great yrs
Spoke in  to the Virginia Center for Inclusive Communities &amp; faith leaders about importance of  w/Muslim communities
There is only one person in this race for president who supports the common-sense gun reform we need, and 
Applaud @POTUS for answering questions on his efforts to  - from supporters and opponents - at VA's @GeorgeMasonU tonight
Here's what the President's executive actions will do to help  
VA knows all too well the tragedy &amp; pain of gun violence. That's why I strongly support the actions @POTUS announced to 
Happy New Year! Best wishes for 2016
Here's more on the Administration's cyber deterrence policy: 
Glad the @WhiteHouse released a cyber deterrence policy, something I've been calling for. A critical step to defend the US from cyberattacks
Glad @VT_Football pulled out a victory tonight! Thanks to Coach Beamer for a fantastic 28 years.
From my family to yours, wishing everyone a merry Christmas!
From Chatham Town Council to Congress, @RepRobertHurt has made a strong mark on his community. Proud of our work together on behalf of VA!
Check out the @nytimes collection of Senators' holiday cards, including the Kaine family's! 
By working with the @NIH &amp; other key stakeholders, we can find new treatments and improve caregiving to help ease the burden of Alzheimer's
Throughout history, we have responded to the threats of disease by committing to scientific research. Now is our time to take on Alzheimer's
I've met with families in VA who have been impacted by Alzheimer's and support @HillaryClinton's goal to find a cure
Agree w/@HillaryClinton. We can move towards preventing &amp; treating Alzheimer's by 2025 if we increase research funding &amp; improve caregiving
Hopeful that passage of the  will inspire more bipartisan cooperation in the new year!
 has funding for a FASTC at Fort Pickett, which is recognition of the need to provide diplomatic personnel security training
 also lends a helping hand to middle- to low-income families trying to make ends meet through various tax provisions
 invests in VA's shipbuilders &amp; other top priorities for our military's operations, maintenance and readiness
A year since historic detente with , Congress should work on lifting the embargo. We must engage rather than isolate
Welcome back, sailors!  
We must improve transparency on drug pricing and bring down drug costs. Rising costs are squeezing budgets for families and government
Joining @MarkWarner and others pressing the Administration to increase efforts to lower prescription drug costs 
About to join @hardball to discuss yesterday's  &amp; why @HillaryClinton's approach to fighting home-grown terrorism is the right one
 have helped thousands of low-income students fulfill lifelong dreams of earning a college degree 
 help keep student loan debt manageable for VA families. They also provide financial certainty &amp; predictability 
Pleased the Senate reauthorized the  Program, which is critical to 7,800 low-income college students in VA 
Joining @RobertsMSNBC soon to discuss the  &amp; why @HillaryClinton's plan to defeat home-grown terrorism is the right approach
About to join HearSay w/Cathy Lewis on @WHRO to discuss why passing an  against ISIL is a key component of the strategy to defeat them
Pleased the Senate unanimously confirmed Dana Boente &amp; John Fishwick as US Attorneys for VA's Eastern &amp; Western districts cc: @MarkWarner
RT @NatlHeadStart: Virginia Senator @timkaine visiting Walker Grant  in Fredericksburg, VA! Works …
Glad @SpeakerRyan weighed in on the need for a new ISIL  today. He's right, this is Congress' responsibility 
Check out @WSJ's Who Read What 2015. Shared my thoughts on 'Showdown', 'The Crimean War' and 'Silence' 
 will improve &amp; expand access to high-quality early childhood programs, like this one in Fredericksburg 
I love visiting great Pre-K programs across VA! Thanks to Walker-Grant School in Fredericksburg for hosting me today 
Happy birthday to my friend of 35 years, @MarkWarner! 
Joining @933WFLS Fredericksburg to discuss my trip to the Walker-Grant School later today! Tune in here: 
Over 17 months into war vs ISIL, it's past time for Congress to finally authorize it. Joined @NewDay to discuss: 
ICYMI: I was live in-studio with @Morning_Joe to discuss commonsense gun safety measures &amp; war authorization vs ISIL 
Last week I urged @DeptofDefense to change its policy preventing practicing Sikhs from serving in our military: 
Pleased that exception was made for Capt. Singh, but a larger shift in policy is needed for practicing Sikh soldiers 
Hoy es el último día para inscribirte o cambiar tu plan de cobertura médica para el 2016.  
Today is the last day for open season for health care coverage starting in 2016.  today: 
Congrats to Virginians Andrew Hunter &amp; Weini Kelati on bringing the national cross country championships back to VA! 
Thanks to @CFR_org &amp; @JujuChangABC for hosting me for a thoughtful talk on US foreign relations &amp; Middle East policy 
Joining @CFR_org at 1PM to discuss my efforts to pass a bipartisan  in Congress. Stream my speech here  
Live in-studio with CNN @NewDay to talk about the importance of Congressional war authorization against ISIL
Joining @Morning_Joe soon in-studio to discuss my bipartisan efforts to pass an  in the Senate
Applaud leaders at  from around the world on reaching a deal. Look forward to reviewing the  agreement in full
Great holiday season initiative in . Thanks for paying it forward, Santa!  
Great meeting with @VolvoGroupNA employees from Dublin, VA this week to discuss how the FAST Act will impact VA 
Hey Senate CTE Caucus members @senrobportman, @SenatorBaldwin, @'re up!  
Standing w/@RepScottRigell &amp; @PeterWelch as they introduce companion version of our  vs ISIL cc: @JeffFlake 
.@POTUS just signed  into law! Here’s how the bill will : 
.@JeffFlake &amp; I will join @RepScottRigell &amp; @PeterWelch as they introduce a companion version of our  against ISIL in the House today
Today we celebrate the 150th anniversary of the  and the abolition of slavery. We must always stand up against hate &amp; bigotry
Great news! @AirNatlGuard has chosen Joint Base Langley-Eustis for a Cyber Ops Squadron. Proud to work w/VA delegation members on this
Education is key to individual success &amp;  economic success.  will help close achievement gaps &amp; I'm proud to vote for it 
Thank you @PattyMurray, @SenAlexander &amp; their staffs for the hard work they've put into a bipartisan compromise I'm proud to support 
CTE is a pathway for students to prepare for the workforce through work-based &amp; hands-on learning opportunities
With passage of , schools will be able to use federal funding to help prevent sexual assault on &amp; off our college campuses
Headed to the floor to talk about my support for , which includes my provisions to teach safe relationship behavior &amp; strengthen CTE
US cannot shut its doors to refugees fleeing the world's worst humanitarian crisis since WWII &amp; looking for a better life 
Refugees aren't the enemy of the US. We have an enemy: ISIL. Vilifying refugees is dangerous rhetoric contrary to US values 
Standing w/faith leaders, @SenatorDurbin &amp; @SenatorLeahy to call for compassionate refugee policies  
Orgulloso de unirme con líderes de fe, @SenatorDurbin y @SenatorLeahy en el Capitolio para responder a la denigración de los refugiados
Proud to be joining faith leaders, @SenatorDurbin &amp; @SenatorLeahy tomorrow to respond to the latest attempts to vilify refugees in the 
Talk of banning anyone from entering our country on the basis of religion is disgraceful &amp; goes against everything we stand for as a nation
 &amp; surrounding counties are preparing students for the 21st century workforce by emphasizing computer sciences: 
Sat down with law enforcement &amp; health professionals in Winchester to discuss strategies to prevent opioid abuse 
Nice work by @OrbitalATK last night. Successful launch of , which will deliver crucial cargo to the @Space_Station
Met with Mayor Jones of Harrisonburg this morning and discussed the Valley's success at attracting veteran workers 
74 years after the attacks on , we honor the sacrifice of those who answered the call of duty to defend our country in WWII
@patrickgmfox5dc I believe this war goes well beyond the intent and legal scope of existing authorizations
RT @JeffFlake: Debate and passage of an  against  like the bipartisan proposal @timkaine &amp; I intro'd is long overdue …
Read my full statement on the President's address here: 
Congress needs to finally debate &amp; vote on an . It shows our allies, troops &amp; the public that we are unified in resolve against ISIL
The events of recent weeks demonstrate that Congress can no longer ignore ISIL threat and its constitutional duty to authorize war
House and Senate leaders should move consideration of an ISIL-specific  to the top of the legislative agenda
As @POTUS stated, an  would demonstrate the American people are united and committed to the fight against ISIL
Happy  to everyone celebrating across Virginia and the nation!
Restricting high capacity magazines is just commonsense. Read the @nytimes take here: 
Addressed the  on how the federal government can help fuel economic growth in Virginia 
Tenemos que actuar juntos para solucionar el cambio climático. Lee mi opinión sobre   
Also applaud the overdue reauthorization of the @EximBankUS, which benefits a vast array of Virginia companies
Pleased amdts @MarkWarner and I pushed for were included in the FAST Act, like strengthening WMATA safety &amp; oversight
The FAST Act will provide something America hasn't had in years - investments in transportation &amp; the certainty of a 5-yr bill
Just voted for a measure to prevent those on terror watchlist from purchasing guns &amp; explosives. Disappointed by lack of bipartisan support
Very supportive of @DeptofDefense decision to open all combat positions to women. Time for this barrier to be eliminated 
Nearly 17 months into war, Congress needs to follow the lead of the UK Parliament by debating &amp; voting on an  
Are Members of Congress ready to stop being bystanders to gun violence in America? I joined @Morning_Joe to discuss 
Joining @Morning_Joe shortly. Tune to @MSNBC
I'll be on with @WTOP shortly. Tune in here: 
Today's shooting in San Bernardino is beyond senseless. My heart goes out to victims &amp; those in law enforcement working to find the suspects
Congrats to Hamilton's Bonnie Carroll, who recently received a Presidential Medal of Freedom for her work for veterans &amp; their families
Approximately 1 in 5 women has relied on a Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime. 
Planned Parenthood provides many critical, preventative services. Here’s just some  
In true ROTC fashion, I was up early w/Cadets from @JMU to Skype on military issues, foreign policy &amp; leadership 
 are not the enemy of the United States, ISIL is our enemy. More from my floor speech yesterday: 
Senate took impt action &amp; passed our bill to assist eugenics victims w/state compensation payments cc: @MarkWarner 
Met w/@williamandmary Pres. Reveley today to discuss higher-education issues &amp; sea level rise 
Discussed US-Japanese relations with Ambassador Sasae today 
The @PeaceCorps have made a difference in countless lives abroad. Met w/Deputy Director nominee Carlos Torres today 
My latest @Medium post on  &amp; why the  summit is so important for VA &amp; our future  
Read my full statement on  &amp; my  &amp; safe relationship provisions included in the final bill: 
Pleased  conf cmte chose to recognize importance of teaching safe relationship behavior to prevent sexual assault &amp; dating violence
As VA shipyards look for the next generation of skilled workers, I'll continue to advocate for CTE training programs 
Rex Springston showcased the natural treasures of our Commonwealth. Will miss his work &amp; paddling/singing with him on the James cc: @RTDNEWS
Proud to recognize 60 years since civil rights leader Rosa Parks fought injustice by refusing to give up her seat 
With Gayle Smith finally confirmed to head @USAID,  can better coordinate global effort to address historic  crisis
Wishing everyone at home and abroad a very happy Thanksgiving! 
Proud to fight for a long-overdue  vs ISIL that will show resolve amidst violence abroad cc: @PilotOpinion 
Stopped by the Guardian Place Retirement Community in Richmond for lunch &amp; a discussion on my work on the Aging Cmte 
W/@ALZ_GRVA members earlier. Increasing research &amp; access to care resources is critical to fighting Alzheimer's 
Frank Beamer = @VT_Football  !
Great to be in Halifax this wknd for the @HFXforum w/my Senate Foreign Relations Cmte colleagues @SenJohnBarrasso &amp; @ChrisMurphyCT 
 &amp;  keep families together &amp; strengthen our country as a whole. Proud to support &amp; defend these programs
My @Quora answer to Which 2016 presidential candidate do you support? Why? 
My @Quora answer to How is your relationship with Mark Warner? 
My @Quora answer to Who are your favorite senators? 
My @Quora answer to How was picking up the mantle from Jim Webb? 
My @Quora answer to Why did the France attack happen? 
My @Quora answer to Do the president's military actions against ISIS represent an illegal war? 
My @Quora answer to Why is Congress afraid to vote on the ISIL war? 
My @Quora answer to What is our current strategy for fighting ISIS? Is the strategy working? 
My @Quora answer to What's wrong with the War Powers Act? 
My @Quora answer to How does being a Governor compare to being a Senator? 
My @Quora answer to Should the US accept Syrian refugees? 
Good luck to all VA teams in the @NCAA soccer championship! @UVAWSoccer @TribeWSoccer @VT_WSoccer @RadfordMSOC @UVAMenSoccer
Great to see King George High School's government class getting a first-hand look at the Capitol today! 
Excited to be joining @Quora! I'm taking questions today: 
Live with @TeamCavuto on @FoxNews shortly to talk about what it will take for Congress to come together &amp; authorize the war vs ISIL
I joined @ABC7GMW to explain why the  attacks underscore the need for Congress to vote on war authorization: 
Agree w/@HillaryClinton's call for no-fly zone in Syria. Aids effort to address worst humanitarian crisis since WWII 
.@HillaryClinton is right. Congress should swiftly pass an  vs ISIL to send a message to them, our troops &amp; allies that we're committed
Applaud Northern VA blanket &amp; coat drive for , now in its 3rd year. Find out how you can help here: 
Good luck to Arlington's @WilliamsburgAdm's Ms. Leni Bronstein, who's a finalist for @ACTFL's teacher of the year award! 
Applaud Arlington's blanket &amp; coat drive for , now in its 3rd year. Find out how you can help here: 
ICYMI: @JeffFlake &amp; I discussed our bipartisan  proposal on @Morning_Joe. Watch our interview here: 
Talking with @jfradioshow on US response to ISIL &amp; my position on . Tune in here: 
I'll be joining @ABC7GMW at 7:15AM to discuss the war against ISIL in the wake of the tragic  attacks 

RT @Morning_Joe: Coming  @timkaine and @JeffFlake  
Early morning at the office w/ @JeffFlake to discuss our bipartisan  push on @Morning_Joe. Tune in now!
Read my full statement on  here:

Congrats to Katherine Johnson on the Presidential Medal of Freedom! A trailblazer for @NASA Langley &amp; major contributor to space exploration
We owe it to the troops &amp; American people to debate this war against ISIL cc: @JeffFlake: 
Teamed up w/@JeffFlake to pen this @TIME op-ed on how passing an  vs ISIL shows US resolve amidst violence: 
RT @TIME: Senators Kaine and Flake: "Congress has been too silent on ISIS" 
Ensuring our energy production is cleaner tomorrow than today is good for our economy &amp; planet. That's why I support the 
Our bill reduces youth homelessness &amp; ensures we’re meeting the needs of children transitioning out of foster care
Thank you to @SenatorCollins @PattyMurray &amp; @SenBrianSchatz for supporting a bill that will help keep families together
Introduced a bill to help prevent youth homelessness &amp; keep struggling families together. Learn more: 
An  vs ISIL formally declares war &amp; shows strength to both our allies and adversaries in the global fight against terrorism
Headed to the floor now to speak w/@JeffFlake to urge for bipartisan support to debate &amp; vote on an  vs ISIL: 
One of the best ways for the  to demonstrate resolve in the face of the  is to formally act on an  vs ISIL
As ISIL threat metastasizes across the globe, Congress must formally declare war with an . Joining @mitchellreports on @MSNBC  soon
Joining Jimmy on @1140WRVA to discuss  &amp; my thoughts on the  response to the  Attacks: 
Horrified by situation unfolding in Paris. My heart goes out to the people of France tonight
Bill McKelway is one of the most inquisitive &amp; humane journalists ever to take up a pen. I’ll miss being surprised &amp; enlightened by his work
Investing in clean coal R&amp;D &amp; CTE programs is essential to ensuring Virginia’s coal communities have a place in a cleaner energy future
Applaud @HillaryClinton's plan to revitalize America's coal communities as we move to build a clean energy economy
What a touching story from @PilotNews about a WWII Virginia Beach veteran reconnecting with his wartime love: 
RT @GovernorVA: Gov announces VA first state in nation to functionally end veteran homelessness - housed 1400+ veterans in last yr. https:/…
Honored to speak to veterans &amp; their families at the George Marshall International Center in Leesburg  
On this , we pay tribute to those who have sacrificed to keep our country safe &amp; free. Thank you to all of our nation's veterans
We shouldn't be in month 16 of a war without a vote of Congress. I'll share why I'm concerned with Congress' silence tonight cc: @calabresim
Headed to Arlington to join a panel hosted by @UVA's Sorensen Institute. Speaking on Congress' indifference to declaring war &amp; 
Great @PilotNews article on this  eve on a Norfolk native preserving untold stories of female veterans: 
Happy 240th birthday to the few and the proud, the @USMC! Thank you for serving &amp; keeping us safe 
Si queremos prevenir los peores resultados del , Debemos actuar ahora comunidades como  dependen de nuestro liderazgo
Hampton Roads, hogar de la base naval más grande de nuestro país, es una de las comunidades más afectadas por el  
@JohnKerry está en Hampton Roads hoy para ver en persona como el aumento del nivel del mar y el  afectan nuestra comunidad
If we want to prevent the worst effects of , we must act now. Communities like Hampton Roads depend on our leadership 
Hampton Roads, home to the world's largest Naval base, is one of the communities at greatest risk to  
.@JohnKerry is in Hampton Roads today getting a first-hand look at how sea level rise, caused by , affects the community 
I'm pushing for Congress to do its most solemn job by approving an AUMF vs ISIL. Live with the crew from @Morning_Joe soon
About to join @foxandfriends to discuss my bipartisan push for a debate &amp; vote on an AUMF vs ISIL. Hope you can tune in
Hey Virginians! State parks are waiving parking fees and holding special activities for : 
RT @NewsInTheBurg: .@timkaine bill aims to stem heroin overdoses. In 2014, about 75 people have died from opiate overdoses locally. https:/…
RT @SenCapito: Joined w/ @timkaine to intro the Co-prescribing Saves Lives Act, a bipartisan bill to fight opioid overdose deaths https://t…
Asked Pres. Obama to prioritize a strengthened Memorandum of Understanding w/Israel during PM Netanyahu's visit: 
Educating students on consent, safe relationship behavior &amp; where to go for help can help prevent campus sexual assault 
Standing with the @WhiteHouse &amp; @GenProgress for the  week of action. Join the movement at 
RT @ItsOnUs: It's the  Week of Action! Do you have something planned on campus? Let us know here:  https://t…
Looking for the perfect Christmas tree? Check out where you can find locally grown Virginia trees here! 
@mollymotoole For those who said bipartisan support wasn't possible, definitely proving them wrong
Effects of  in VA are real. Sea level rise &amp; recurrent flooding is putting community of Hampton Roads at the most serious risk
.@POTUS made the right call on . We must make choices that will help make America’s energy future cleaner tomorrow than today
Will continue to urge my Senate colleagues to take an AUMF up in the SFRC. We must define the scope of a mission that has expanded greatly
Strongly support bipartisan effort of colleagues in the House calling for an AUMF against ISIL. We owe the troops a debate &amp; vote on the war
RT @Sweetbriaredu: Thanks, @sethmeyers. We’re excited, too!  
RT @chucktodd: Virginia Sen. @timkaine is pushing President Obama to get new approval for military action against . He'll join me next…
Joining @chucktodd on @MSNBC soon to talk about pressing need to debate an  against ISIL as US forces are deployed to  
RT @meetthepress: One hour to  → @JimMiklaszewski @timkaine @Kasparov63 @GovernorPataki @kathleenparker @costareports join @chuckt…
ICYMI: Watch my floor speech on my bill that help me fight opioid overdose deaths by increasing access to naloxone: 
My bill would help save lives by encouraging doctors to co-prescribe naloxone alongside opioid prescriptions. More: 
Naloxone saves lives by reversing the effects of an opioid overdose 
The scope of the opioid abuse epidemic in Virginia and America: 
Headed to the floor to introduce the Co-prescribing Saves Lives Act, a bill that would help fight opioid overdose deaths. Tune to CSPAN2
RT @IECChesapeake: FACT: There are 400K+ registered apprenticeships nationwide in more than 1,000 occupations.  https:/…
Check out some of Virginia's hidden gems via @ThrillistDC 
ICYMI: Joined @CNNSitRoom yesterday to discuss importance of an  as war against ISIL continues to expand: 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I are urging @CFPB to look at impact of prepaid prison cards &amp; protect inmates from predatory schemes 
I'll be joining @CNNSitRoom today at 6:05pm ET to discuss  &amp; need for a Congressional . Tune in if you can 
Great news for @ValleyWDB. This federal funding will help grow the 21st century economy : 
Apprenticeships can grow the economy &amp; equip workers with skillsets for in-demand jobs. I'll highlight how  this week
Introduced a Senate resolution recognizing National Apprenticeship Week   
Great story on Danville's effort to find innovative uses for iconic 'Home of Dan River Fabrics' sign : 
RT @RepDonBeyer: Thanks @POTUS ! My door is always open if your spell check ever breaks. 
Residentes de Virginia! Expresen su voz hoy y . Los locales están abiertas hasta las 7pm  
Hey Virginians! Make your voice heard and  today. Polls are open until 7:00pm  
From Norfolk to Richmond, message from my recent roundtables has been clear:  is needed, fiscally smart &amp; upholds American values
Banning the box for federal jobs removes an unreasonable barrier for those seeking employment. Applaud @POTUS for this  step
Agree w/@POTUS. The  must shift its focus to helping ex-offenders stay on the right track by improving reentry programs 
Check out veteran-owned businesses &amp; events in Virginia during National Veterans Small Business Week!  
World champs! Congratulations to the @Royals on winning their first  since 1985! 
George Burke was a great friend. He had a brilliant mind and was a fierce competitor. We'll deeply miss him.
Happy Halloween! Resemble anyone you know?  
Tune in to @NPRWeekend now for my discussion w/ @nprscottsimon on the announced deployment of US forces to  
Look fwd to joining @nprscottsimon tomorrow at 8:10AM to discuss deployment of US forces to  &amp; why Congress needs to vote on this war
Happy we came together to pass a bipartisan budget deal that will increase economic certainty &amp; break cycle of crisis-to-crisis budgeting
Read my statement on the deployment of  special operations forces to Syria: 
Enjoyed speaking with Wes Bush from @northropgrumman today. Congrats to this VA Company on continuing its legacy in bomber production
Me reuní con el Emb. Pinzón para hablar sobre las recientes negociaciones entre el gobierno Colombiano y las FARC 
Congress can honor the legacy of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, passed 37 yrs ago this Saturday by passing PWFA! 
I stand with women who are  and need accommodation to continue working. Let's pass PWFA
Congrats to @SpeakerRyan. Enjoyed working w/him on Murray-Ryan deal-willingness to compromise to get nation's business done. We need that
Two down and two more wins to go to ! Let's go @Royals! 
Pleased House passed a bipartisan 2 year budget. Now it's time for the Senate to do the same &amp; give VA businesses the certainty they deserve
Headed to Crystal City now - excited to see what's in store!   
Vote for Sean to be "Hero of the Year by visiting here: 
Congrats to Sean Gobin, of Charlottesville, who was named a Top 10 ! Learn how he's helping our veterans: 
What a wild Game 1 in the  last night! Glad my @Royals came away with the victory for the home crowd 
More from @CAPgunsandcrime: VA ranks 3rd among states with the highest number of guns exported out of state and used in crime 
From @CAPgunsandcrime study: VA is one of 17 states where more people are killed annually by gunfire than in car accidents 
Read the new @CAPgunsandcrime study . We must  
Epidemic of gun violence needs a comprehensive solution. These steps are critical pieces that Americans can agree on 
More gun violence tragedies can be avoided by closing the gun show loophole &amp; improving background checks  
The better background records check system we have, the safer people will be. I support longer waiting periods on gun sales 
Announcing a bill requiring a completed background record check before any gun sale   
RT @alikrieger: Thank you for all your support! You have my vote ;) it was an honor to meet you!  
Grew up outside Kansas City. So all I have to say now 's  @Royals! 
Senate should reauthorize . It helps level the playing-field for US exporters- many of which are small businesses- &amp; reduce the deficit
What a career for @AbbyWambach! A record-breaking leader who will leave with this distinction: World Cup Champion  
Senate voted overwhelmingly in support of the  bill, which represents an important first step towards improving our 
RT @ThousandDays: Huge thank you to  Champions Senator Susan Collins, @TimKaine @alikrieger @lucymsullivan 
Standing w/World Cup champ &amp; VA native @alikrieger to speak on importance of child nutrition  @ussoccer_wnt 
Facebook Q&amp;A is about to start. Join the conversation here: 
I'll be on my Facebook page at 4:30pm ET hosting a Q&amp;A! Post a question here: 
Sat down to discuss  &amp;  with @JoAnn_Jenkins  
Deal provides certainty to Virginia's families while helping businesses &amp; the defense community better plan for the future
Pleased congressional negotiators &amp; the @WhiteHouse reached a bipartisan deal to avoid a debt crisis &amp; provide two years of sequester relief
Continue to be inspired by VA’s own @JesseFFerguson. Stay strong and keep fighting 
Got a question for me? Hope you can join me tomorrow for a Facebook Q&amp;A at 4:30pm ET  
Today we asked @SocialSecurity not to penalize same-sex couples b/c of delayed implementation of  decisions 
Headed to the floor to commemorate 70 yrs since Harry Truman changed the Presidential seal to look toward diplomacy 
Emití mi voto anticipado en las elecciones legislativas estatales en Richmond!   
Cast my early vote ballot in Richmond this morning for state Senate and House races!   
Wishing a happy birthday to @HillaryClinton today!  
Welcome to Harrisonburg, @CollegeGameDay! Big day for CFB in the Commonwealth! Which mascot head will it be, Corso?  or ?
RT @CollegeGameDay: Come welcome GameDay to @JMUSports today at 5:30 at Wilson Hall. 
 policies must focus on recovery and rehabilitation. Reducing recidivism is a big step in making our criminal justice system better
Touching story on how a fatherhood program in a Richmond jail helped an inmate turn his life around  
 provides health security to families. Virginia must expand it to increase access to affordable health care 
Thanks to @AHIPCoverage for letting me share why I'm a passionate supporter of  &amp; speak on the impact in Virginia 
We shouldn't waste any more time in building a proper training facility to keep US embassy personnel safe 
RT @RepBradAshford: @timkaine - after all that trash-talking, I still beat you in the . Certainly hoping for a rematch next year htt…
Very excited to pass along the  title to my friend @RepDonBeyer!  
Staff: @timkaine is out after "Connecticuter." In our opinion, it should have two t's!  
Staff: the  is heating up at the start of round 4. 7 journalists remain, 5 lawmakers left, including our boss @timkaine 
Staff: round three's theme is  and @timkaine spells "pedestrians" correctly to start it off!  
Staff: Round three and the boss is still standing. Officially more spells than Hogwarts at the  
Staff: this crowd is buzzing with excitement. Pun intended  
Staff: and @timkaine's friend @RepDonBeyer draws the word "barbarous" and he spells it right, and with haste!
RT @ScrippsBee: First round of  is getting heated @timkaine @agreilingkeane @David_Kerley @yochidreazen 
Staff: @timkaine up now! Word "accustomed".  nails it!
Staff: end of round one. Journalists 6 and lawmakers 4. Next round's theme: the Declaration of Independence 
Staff: @timkaine misspells first word "veterinarian". It's two strikes you're out here, so our boss lives to play another day 
Staff: @timkaine is cool as a c-u-c-u-m-b-e-r   
Handing over the Twitter account to my staff for live updates from the !  @PressClubDC
Headed to . In case I get a "phone-a-friend" tonight, I have Tejas on speed-dial   
Sor Consuelo Morales es una persona extraordinaria y altruista que lucha por víctimas de abusos de  
Less than 24 hours until I defend my spelling bee title at @PressClubDC. Brushing up on some vocab  
Thank you for letting me share what I learned from my  discussions in Virginia las week  
RT @FactsOnClimate: Climate change threatens us all, and it will take all of us to solve it. Get the facts on how we can: …
Congrats to 2016 Virginia Teacher of the Year Natalie DiFusco-Funk of West Salem Elementary School! @SalemVA
Fort Pickett should be home to a new diplomatic security training facility. More from me in today's @RTDNEWS 
RT @ResnickTeaches: Terrific Tuesday at WMS thanks to @Skype video convo with VA Sen @timkaine "I did what?!?"   https…
Great way to start my day -skyped with Madison's Wetsel Middle School to discuss current events! cc: @ResnickTeaches 
Visited with an impressive group of Marines from the @USMC Embassy Security Group today in Quantico 
RT @RepMcCaul: Looking forward to today's  panel on "America's Place in the World" w/ @timkaine and moderated by @lawrence_wright.
Was in Richmond on Thu hearing directly from ex-offenders on what actions could help ease reentry back into society 
More on my discussion in Norfolk yesterday on ways to reform an over-incarceration centered criminal justice system 
During his weekly address, @POTUS spoke on criminal justice reform, an issue I'm focused on in Virginia &amp; the Senate 
Hearing from ex-offenders &amp; community leaders today in Norfolk will help me pinpoint criminal justice challenges Congress needs to address
Joined community &amp; law enforcement leaders in Norfolk today to discuss efforts to reform our criminal justice system 
Goochland County is receiving 200K in grant awards from the @USDA for rural economic development! cc:@MarkWarner
The better background record check system you have, the safer people are 
In Richmond earlier discussing ways to  w/@GovernorVA, @MarkHerringVA, Lori Haas and the Parkers 
Help @vaunion1865 compete at  by voting for them today!  cc @The_Honda
Drug overdose deaths now outnumber highway deaths in Virginia. We can and must do more to combat this epidemic: 
Today is the last day to register to vote in Virginia. Register today! 
RT @USNavy: Retweet to celebrate our !

Ready then. Ready now. Ready always. 
Happy 240th birthday to the @USNavy! Thank you to the brave men &amp; women who serve &amp; protect our nation 
Note to DMV commuters: the Key Bridge ramp will be closed from 7pm today until 7pm tomorrow due to repairs
Outlined Senate agenda to  &amp; ramp up pressure to pass new gun safety laws  

Common sense solutions to : close gun show loophole, improve &amp; expand background checks &amp; shut down pipeline of illegal guns
The @NRA opposes common sense solutions to gun violence despite the wishes of gun owners and even NRA members 
We need to create a records check system to keep weapons out of the hands of those who are not legally allowed to have them 
Epidemic of gun violence needs a comprehensive solution. Expanding background checks is a critical piece Americans agree on 
Headed to a  press conference to unveil the Senate agenda to improve gun safety laws. Watch here: 
Headed to a Armed Service Committee hearing on Russian strategy in Syria &amp;  military operations. Watch here 
Read the GAO report that makes clear Fort Pickett is the best site for a new diplomatic training facility 
Chairing a hearing tomorrow on embassy security &amp; need for a diplomatic training facility at Fort Pickett
RT @Nature_DCMDVA: Thank you @timkaine for your long time support of conservation &amp; !   @nature_wonks …
We need to take action in order to . Applaud @people for taking a stand in their latest issue 
Headed to address @CHCI  summit!  
Emocionado por discutir , la reforma migratoria necesaria y  con @CHCI!
Excited to join @CHCI tomorrow to discuss , the need for  reform and !
Spoke w/@mitchellreports earlier on Afghanistan. Watch my interview here: 
RT @AGMarkHerring: Today's the 1 year anniversary of  in VA! 

RT to celebrate the 2,670 same-sex couples who married! htt…
Reading makes me happy because it opens doors of opportunity and sparks curiosity 
Great initiative by Virginia Beach native @Pharrell. Share why reading makes you happy!  
About to join @mitchellreports to discuss today's SASC hearing on Afghanistan. Watch live on @MSNBC 
Headed to a SASC hearing on Afghanistan to hear from GEN Campbell. Watch live here 
@NIH officially launched the Gabriella Miller  Research Program-proud to work w/@smashingwalnuts to turn this bill into a reality!
.@NRA always campaigns against me but I haven't lost b/c Virginians-including gun owners-support background checks 
I support a comprehensive background checks system because it will help prevent dangerous individuals from getting a gun. RT if you agree
We must get guns out of the hands of domestic abusers. Domestic violence deaths are far too common in VA &amp; are often caused by gun violence
Closing "Charleston Loophole" is a commonsense gun reform measure. Background checks should be completed before any firearm sale
I agree w/ @HillaryClinton. We must act to prevent gun violence that’s plaguing our society. Check out her plan here 
Proud to be part of the fantastic Virginia leadership team for @HillaryClinton! Excited to help her win VA–a key state for victory in 2016!
I’m pleased members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership were able to reach agreement on a trade deal and look forward to reviewing the details
Thx to @arneduncan for 7 yrs of thoughtful leadership at @usedgov, especially his work to expand early learning &amp; increase graduation rates
As cyberattacks become increasingly common, the government must do more to protect American citizens from threats 
October is  month. Visit  to learn more about cyber threats and good practices to be secure online
For VA,  change is a today issue, not tomorrow. More from me in Virginia Capitol Connections Quarterly: 
Check out @MorningConsult's piece on my push for Congress to debate &amp; hold an  vote for the war vs ISIL 
Apprenticeship programs are critical to growing our workforce in advanced manufacturing  
VA is home to talented manufacturing companies, from shipbuilding in Hampton Roads to the advanced manufacturers in Southern VA 
Today is  - a celebration of America's advanced manufacturing economy 
I've always admired Mayor Fraim's energy &amp; vision. He did a great job in a great city &amp; I join Norfolk citizens thanking him for his service
Met with @UVA Batten School Public Policy Masters candidates today! Good luck on your studies Hoos 
Applaud bipartisan group of Senators who worked on this agreement that reduces the damaging effects mandatory minimums have had on families
Bipartisan  &amp; Corrections Act takes several steps to reduce over-incarceration rates of certain segments of  society
Make sure to stay safe &amp; take precautions heading into this weekend. More information can be found here: 
With heavy rain and severe weather headed to VA, @GovernorVA has declared a state of emergency. Follow @VDEM for updates
Met with local Virginia @JohnDeere dealers today! Great conversation about job creation &amp; economic development 
.@BGCA_Clubs played an important role in Denzel Washington's life. It's also helped many in VA find their passion &amp; become great leaders
.@MarkWarner and I just met two-time @TheAcademy award winner and passionate @BGCA_Clubs advocate Denzel Washington 
For 50 years, @NatlHeadStart has played a crucial role in preparing our children for bright futures  
Now let’s put aside unrelated partisan fights &amp; reach a compromise to replace sequester cuts that threaten national security &amp; VA’s economy
Just voted for a clean CR that keeps the government open and avoids another needless shutdown
About to speak at a @HeadStartgov rally! Investing in early childhood education will pay huge dividends for our children &amp; the economy
Congrats and happy 50th anniversary to @NEHgov! Enriching culture from 1965 to 2015 
ICYMI: mis comentarios en la audiencia del SFRC hoy en el Medio Oriente sobre la crisis humanitaria en Siria: 
ICYMI: My remarks at today's SFRC hearing on Middle East policy concerning the humanitarian crisis in Syria: 
I hope everyone takes precautions to stay safe today as flash flooding moves into  &amp; other areas of the Commonwealth
Congrats, Gary. Your innovative work is helping to create a more sustainable environment for future generations to enjoy
Meet Gary Cohen, a , environmental entrepreneur &amp; MacArthur Genius Grant winner from Reston  @macfound
Congrats to all the schools in the Commonwealth just selected as @NatlBlueRibbon Schools! @usedgov 
 make college a reality for the lowest-income students. Join us in urging Congress to not to let this program expire this week
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; VA delegation members calling for a 1-year reauthorization of the Federal  program: 
Ahora: el SFRC está discutiendo la crisis de los refugiados en el Medio Oriente y el papel humanitario de los EEUU 
Happening now: the SFRC is discussing the refugee crisis in the Middle East and the 's humanitarian role: 
Planned Parenthood provides critical primary care services to  million Americans. I’m proud to  &amp; @CecileRichards
Los EEUU y aliados debemos establecer mínimo una zona humanitaria segura para proteger aquellos huyendo de la brutalidad de Assad en Siria
Mañana a las 10 am, el SFRC tendrá una audiencia sobre la crisis de los refugiados en  aquí: 
US &amp; allies should establish one or more humanitarian safe zones in order to better protect those fleeing the brutality of the Assad regime
Tomorrow at 10am , the SFRC will hold a hearing on the refugee crisis in the Middle East. Watch live here: 
Well done! Glad to see Port City and all the VA breweries do so well at this year's   
Glad I could catch the @UCI_Cycling races in . Thanks to the @Richmond2015 team, Mayor Jones &amp; the community for such a successful event
Watching the elite women's road race in Richmond! @uci_cycling  
Great to meet the team at Blu 1681 in Woodbridge! 
Igualmente! Un placer platicar contigo y por una muy buena discusión sobre la visita del Papa! Gracias @GUPolitics! 
Same! Great to join you &amp; a wonderful group for a thoughtful discussion on the Pope's time in DC. Thanks @GUPolitics 
Virginia is for Science Lovers! The @VAScienceFest kicks off tomorrow. Find out which events are near you: 
About to join @GUPolitics for a discussion on the Pope's historic visit and speech to Congress yesterday 
La visita del Papa a los EEUU nos inspira a celebrar las raíces hispanas de nuestro país. Lee más en @Medium: 
This Eid al-Adha, I pray for the health and safety of all pilgrims and wish an Eid Mubarak to Muslims around the world.
Very much looking forward to discussing this historic day with everyone tomorrow!  
My reaction to @Pontifex's historic &amp; reflective address to Congress  
Loved how @Pontifex set high expectations for Congress &amp; used American examples to show what can be accomplished when people work together
Headed over to the House Chamber. So honored to be here for @Pontifex's address! 
I'll be on CNN @NewDay this morning at 8am discussing the first @Pontifex address to Congress in history. Tune in!
Joining the @Morning_Joe crew soon to discuss why @Pontifex's Congressional address comes at such an important time in our country 
Emocionado por hablar con @lorimontenegro a las 7am antes del discurso del  al Congreso – sintonízate a @telemundonews!
Pope Francis is set to address Congress today. I'll talk w/@ABC7News soon on why I'm looking forward to hearing his message 
Speaking with @wusa9 at 6:25am to discuss my thoughts before @pontifex's historic address to Congress today 
Want to thank @SenBrianSchatz for his leadership on this bill. It helps right a horrible wrong.
Proud to co-sponsor the Restore Honor to Service Members Act for  troops dishonorably discharged pre-DATD repeal
Later this week I'll share my thoughts at @Georgetown on the Pope's address to Congress : 
Watching time trials at the @UCI_cycling World Championships in ! @richmond2015 
Lea mi opinión en @RTDNEWS sobre la conexión importante entre la visita del Papa y la herencia hispana en los EEUU 
Read my op-ed in the @RTDNEWS on the important connection between Pope Francis' visit &amp; America's Hispanic heritage: 
It's official! Virginia's @longwoodu was just selected to host the Vice Presidential debate in 2016 - congrats!
The Pope is in DC, which means so is the popemobile! Check out the evolution of @Pontifex's ride over the centuries: 
Sad to hear of the passing of Yankees legend Yogi Berra. His remarkable career &amp; infectious personality will never be forgotten
Read my latest @Medium story about my experiences fighting housing discrimination in Richmond: 
Addressed a group of religious leaders on the Hill this afternoon shortly after Pope Francis arrived today  
Emocionado por la visita de  y escuchar su discurso histórico a una junta del Congreso este Jueves 
Excited to have  in town and to hear his historic address to a joint meeting of Congress on Thursday 
Wishing all Virginians and those around the world observing Yom Kippur a peaceful, easy fast
Use of body cameras is an approach that can increase transparency &amp; build positive relationships b/t police &amp; communities they bravely serve
.@MarkWarner and I announced that 5 VA localities will receive federal funding for police body cams. More info here: 
Ejerce tu derecho a votar! Contacta @vaELECT para registrarte. La fecha límite es 13 de octubre. 
Anne and I love Edd and Dana and are so heartbroken to hear about this tragic news. Praying for all those affected.  
RT @Reagan_Airport: Veterans aboard the first all female Honor Flight arrive to a hero's welcome @Reagan_Airport 
On , exercise your right to vote! Get in touch with @vaELECT to register. Deadline is Oct. 13th
Because the 20-week abortion ban violates the 14th Amendment &amp; 40 years of  precedent, I voted against it
With @pontifex addressing Congress Thursday, I'll discuss what his visit means to me with @fox5newsdc at 7:30AM: 
Discussing @pontifex’s upcoming historic speech to Congress with @WNEW in a few minutes. Hope you can tune to  FM
Saddened that one of VAs finest, Trooper Nathan-Michael Smith, passed away while serving in the line of duty. My prayers are with his family
I was honored to celebrate Bob’s 100th birthday in  last year &amp; I know his legacy will live on in the community he created &amp; loved
In Bob Simon, Virginia has lost a visionary who recognized all humans ought to be able to live together and be neighbors.
Wishing a very happy birthday today to a fantastic father-in-law, Gov. Linwood Holton!
 kicks off the @UCI_cycling championships with an opening ceremony at Brown’s Island tonight! 
@IAFF4145 Absolutely. It's why I've co-sponsored the bill and will fight to see it pass Congress. Met w/VA and NYC firefighters this week
Congrats to Mark Dorsey of West Point High School on being named VA Principal of the year. Go Pointers! 
Congrats to Mark Dorsey of West Point High School on being named VA Principal of the year. Go Pointers! 
Welcome announcement of US coordinator for  implementation – vigilant oversight and enforcement essential &amp; Amb. Mull will be key
Puedes leer mis declaraciones enteras sobre   aquí 
Los latinos son una parte integral de nuestra nación. Emocionado por celebrar  juntos!
Intro'd a bill that will empower institutions, like @TCCva, to grow regional maritime workforce in Hampton Roads: 
I've introduced a pair of bills that expand quality preschool programs. Learn more about them here:  
Expanding access to early childhood education prepares more students for a lifetime of learning  
We can help reduce the achievement gap by expanding &amp; improving early learning opportunities for children 
A little singalong this morning at the  early learning rally on the Capitol lawn! 
Excited to join @nwlc &amp; @MomsRising on the Capitol lawn this morning for an early learning relay! Let's help kids get !
RT @nwlc: Our laces are tied, our game faces are on &amp; @SenBobCasey is here too, ready to race  on Capitol Hill! …
RT @MomsRising: 5 MIN until start of  relay race! Our tiny racers are ready! Can you back them up? 
Joining @MarkWarner on a bill to help thousands of "Blue Water" veterans who were harmed by Agent Orange 
@TimBurnIAFF I'm a strong supporter &amp; co-sponsor of . Met w/ first responders today to discuss this important bill 
If Congress fails to act, critical 911 health programs will begin to expire on 9/30. Urge Congress to  
We owe it to our 9/11 heroes to provide them w/the care they need &amp; deserve. Congress must  &amp; make these programs permanent.
I stand w/Jon Stewart as he walks the halls of Congress w/our 9/11 first responders urging Congress to . RT if you do too.
Met with VA &amp; NYC firefighters who are advocating for , a bill I'm proud to co-sponsor @IAFFNewsDesk 
We must  to give citizens the protections they need to exercise their constitutional right to vote
Fight vs ISIL is growing in complexity and it is urgent for Congress to issue a new  that can define  mission objectives
Welcomed King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to Congress 
Le di la bienvenida al Rey Felipe VI y la Reina Letizia de España al Congreso 
America has come far in its march towards a more equal society. Opening doors of opportunity will make us a stronger nation 
Honored to speak on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial today to mark the end of the @NAACP's  
I'm headed to the Lincoln Memorial to join @NAACP leaders marking the end of the Journey for Justice march 
By letting them use prior-prior year data, we can empower families &amp; students &amp; speed up a disjointed application process for financial aid
Applaud the @WhiteHouse announcement on @FAFSA forms. This step will help students make informed decisions about their higher ed options
Happening now: @POTUS &amp; @arneduncan discuss college affordability &amp; changes to @FAFSA application process: 
Wishing a happy and healthy New Year to everyone observing Rosh Hashanah
Sad to hear of the passing of Petersburg native Moses Malone, one of the NBA's all-time greats. He will be missed.
Apprenticeship programs are critical to growing our nation’s talented workforce. Read more about my bill here: 
This bill provides much-needed care to thousands of individuals who are currently ill or at-risk of becoming ill because of the 9/11 attacks
Proud to co-sponsor the James Zadroga 9/11 Health &amp; Compensation Reauthorization Act: 
Today, we honor the thousands who lost their lives on 9/11/2001 &amp; those who served in the wars that followed  
You can watch my speech from the floor of the Senate following the  vote here: 
@AndyjudxUSA I addressed this more in detail on the floor after the vote 
GOP unwillingness to allow an up or down vote on the  with a 60 vote threshold - as agreed to - is unfortunate &amp; disappointing
I voted in support of the  today. This deal honors the best traditions of American diplomacy &amp; makes the world safer
Tomorrow is more important than yesterday. The  puts the  &amp; world in a better position than the status quo with Iran
I believe using diplomacy before military force is fundamentally part of our American values &amp; creates a more peaceful world 
Just as a strong military enhances diplomacy, strong diplomacy enhances our military might 
There's not one solution to gun violence, but my bill aims to keep guns away from prohibited people  
I'll keep pushing for solutions to make our country safer from gun violence, like universal background checks 
Honored to speak alongside @Everytown @MomsDemand &amp; many other passionate gun reform advocates today  
 
I'm headed to the @Everytown &amp; @MomsDemand rally for commonsense solutions to prevent gun violence 
You can read our letter here: 
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; @Sen_JoeManchin to call for an investigation into FDA decision to approve OxyContin for children as young as 11
I'm heading to the Senate floor to explain why I'm supporting @TheIranDeal and diplomacy. Watch here 
Speaking w/@mitchellreports soon on @TheIranDeal &amp; why the US must follow its tradition of diplomacy with adversaries to achieve peace
My staff is hosting office hours at noon in the Rockbridge Regional Library in Lexington. Stop by with questions: 
.@IranDeal is far better than status quo &amp; follows tradition of US diplomacy w/adversaries to achieve lasting peace 
Talking to Jimmy on @1140WRVA about my new bill, the Responsible Transfer of Firearms Act. Tune in here: 
About to join @1070WINA to discuss steps we can take to prevent gun violence &amp; increase accountability. Listen live: 
In a few minutes I'll speak with the crew of @Morning_Joe on the @IranDeal &amp; the latest from the Senate review process. Tune in!
I'll be up early tomorrow to discuss the @IranDeal with the crew from @Morning_Joe. Tune in around 6:40am if you can.
It was an honor to promote a former defense fellow of mine, James Reeve, to Commander in the @USNavy today 
RT @JeffFlake: Good piece by @washingtonpost on need for  @timkaine 
I will also discuss my new bill that holds gun sellers accountable for selling firearms to prohibited people. Tune to @CSPAN 2 soon
I'm headed to the Senate floor to pay tribute to Alison Parker, Adam Ward and the @WDBJ family
Schools are back (like Congress!) this week. Good luck to all of Virginia's students and teachers as they return to class and their studies
No one should be able to casually place an illegal firearm in the hands of a felon or other prohibited persons 
I'm introducing a bill today that would hold gun sellers responsible for sales to felons or other prohibited persons: 
Happy  to all American workers. To our brothers and sisters in the labor movement--so much to thank you for and so much more to do!
My staff will be hosting Kaine Connects office hours in Lexington next week, Sept. 9th! More information here: 
15 days and counting until Richmond hosts the @UCI_cycling World Championships! Learn more here:  @richmond2015 
RT @AmbassadorPower: As we approach 20th anniversary of historic  conf on women's rgts we call on govts to empower women, not imp…
Drug abuse is harming communities across VA. Grateful @HillaryClinton is focused on combating this epidemic: 
So proud of @MarkHerringVA's accomplishments – we’re lucky to have him as AG &amp; I'll work to make sure he can continue his strong leadership
I support the  – it takes a nuclear weapons program that was near success &amp; disables it peacefully for many years @TrumanProject
The  is not about making an ally out of an adversary. It's about denying an adversary a path to a nuclear weapon @TrumanProject
Stood with post-9/11 veterans from the @TrumanProject in support of the  &amp; diplomacy today in Richmond 
At 2:00 PM today, @TrumanProject, post-9/11 veterans and I will discuss why we're supporting the 
Teaching safe relationship behavior, like what constitutes consent, in secondary school can help prevent campus sexual assault 
RT @WhiteHouse: Take the pledge to help stop sexual assault, and RT this so your friends can, too:  
https://…
Shared my experiences advocating for fair housing practices at the @HUDgov  conference 
Watch the  Conference live here: 
Excited to help kick off @HUDgov's  Conference today with Fmr. VP Mondale &amp; @SecretaryCastro!
RT @HUDgov: Join us tomorrow at 9 am EDT for the kickoff off the  conference. Watch live →  http://t.…
RT @WDBJ7: We love you, Alison and Adam. 
Praying for Vicki Gardner's recovery following this horrific act of violence
Heartbroken by senseless tragedy in Moneta this morning. Deepest sympathies to loved ones of Alison and Adam and the entire @WDBJ7 family
Great step by @NovaAccess on dual enrollment. Will help increase college access and reduce student debt!
 today as the @NatlParkService celebrates its 99th birthday! Free admission at Virginia's beautiful parks
Free admission to @ShenandoahNPS tomorrow to celebrate the Park's 99th birthday!  
A read from @TheAtlantic on Congress' neglect to authorize a year-long war vs ISIL 
What's your favorite @dbbrewingco beer? I recommend the Eight Point IPA 
A fun way to conclude my week in VA. Touring @dbbrewingco in Lexington with Mayor Elrod! 
Great to see @USArmy CPT Haver &amp; 1LT Griest pass Ranger school, making history. Military heading in right direction for gender integration
In Radford earlier brainstorming how federal policy can play a role in reducing the amount of opioid deaths in VA 
Concluding my 5-day economic tour with a focus on how to combat the opioid abuse epidemic, which impacts families &amp; employers across VA
Just threw out the first pitch at the Pulaski Yankees game in historic Calfee Park! 
Kudos to Norfolk – today named by @WhiteHouse as 1 of 10 Resilience @americorps target cities for its strong work on climate resilience
Met with employees and toured one of Galax's largest employers: @Vaughanbassett Furniture Company 
Visited Carroll County High School to check out the country's first STEM lab for vocational agriculture! 
Enjoying the view from Lovers Leap! Next stop, Hillsville. 
While touring @NewCollegeInst, I got to witness the unveiling of a new academic coater machine! 
The @NewCollegeInst helps students get the training they need to compete in a competitive global economy 
Heard about @AmericanLegion Post 139's flag going missing. Sending them a new one that's been flown over the Capitol 
Thanks to Mayor Horne &amp; Town Manager Kim Callis for giving me a tour of the historic Colonial Theatre in South Hill! 
First stop on Route 58 today? Emporia to meet with Mayor Person for a retail walk! 
Hosted a discussion with African-American business leaders from Richmond today @theMBL 
RT @AstyraCorp: Astyra is stoked to host @timkaine this afternoon to speak about !  
Joining @WHRO's Cathy Lewis soon to share what I learned in Hampton Roads yesterday. Tune in!
RT @Daily_Press: Sen. @timkaine: Hampton VA progress 'impressive'
 
ICYMI: my @13NewsNow interview today on visiting the Hampton VA &amp; military issues:  
Live w/@13NewsNow soon to discuss my day in Hampton Roads, the  &amp; my continued effort to have Congress vote on a new  vs ISIL
Held a conversation with Latino business leaders today about the issues impacting small businesses in VA Beach 
Saddened by the passing of Julian Bond, promoter of civil rights as SNCC founder, NAACP leader and UVA professor. Thoughts w/his family
Appreciate @WMATA moving up scheduled board meeting to deal with critical safety lapse. Have to deal with these problems ASAP
Next stop today is a forum with local business leaders &amp; @MarkWarner to talk economic development &amp; job growth in Hampton Roads @Chamber757
Kicking off my 5-day tour of Virginia with a visit to the Hampton VA Medical Center 
80 yrs ago FDR signed  into law; it remains our promise to Americans that all deserve economic security in retirement 
La reapertura de la embajada de EEUU en  simboliza una nueva era de diplomacia
The opening of the  embassy in Cuba symbolizes our renewed relationship and a new era of diplomacy
Early morning pic from Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge in VA Beach. Virginia is for nature lovers! @USFWSNortheast 
It’s unacceptable that Metro track problem was detected in July &amp; not dealt with. We need to see dramatic changes, including new leadership
Hey Oakton! My staff is holding Kaine Connects office hours tomorrow at the Oakton Library. Make an appointment here 
Follow me on @medium for longer posts on issues I’m working on, incl. education &amp; pushing Congress to pass an AUMF: 
Well wishes to Louisa High School in @LouisaCountyVA as they begin the school year today in their new school!
Fan of history? Live in Hampton Roads? You can get free admission to @colonialwmsburg Aug 7-14: 
Tomorrow in Burke, members of my staff are holding Kaine Connects office hours at the Burke Centre Library: 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I are pushing for better wages for the Senate's cafeteria &amp; catering employees 
This weekend marked a year of war vs ISIL still w/out Congressional approval. Read yesterday's piece in @PilotOpinion 
Congress has refused to debate or vote on the war vs ISIL for 1 yr. My oped on this anniversary in @washingtonpost:  
I believe there is a bipartisan path forward on a new  in Congress. Read my resolution with @JeffFlake: 
One year into the  mission against ISIL, our servicemembers are doing their jobs but they're still waiting on Congress to do ours 
For 1yr, troops - many from VA - have risked their lives fighting ISIL. Congress owes them a debate &amp; vote on the war 
Thanks to @roanoketimes for writing about why I'm fighting for a new  after one year of unauthorized war vs ISIL 
Check out today's editorial in the @newsadvance about my continued effort to pass an  vs ISIL 
Spoke w/@HuffPostLive on the  &amp; the troublesome reality that Congress is recessing w/out passing an  
ICYMI: As war on ISIL reaches one year &amp; keeps expanding, Congress must debate &amp; vote on a new . My remarks: 
Excited to be doing my first @HuffPostLive interview this morning at 10:40am on the  &amp; . Stream here: 
Read more about the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015  
I remain committed to fully restoring the VRA &amp; hope Congress can work in a bipartisan way to give citizens the protections they need 
For 50 years, the Voting Rights Act has helped ensure Americans are not robbed of this critical means of civic participation 
On my way to @CatoInstitute to discuss the upcoming one year anniversary of the war vs ISIL. Tune in here: 
I'll be on live with @fox5newsdc soon to discuss a year of inaction on a new  against ISIL &amp; the : 
One year of unauthorized war vs ISIL: 4,462 airstrikes. 3,000 troops serving. $ spent per day. A new  is needed as conflict expands
Contrast between Congress' indifference to war vs ISIL and its energetic challenge to diplomacy in  is baffling
One year into the fight vs ISIL, our troops are doing their job. But they are still waiting on Congress to do ours by voting on an 
Speaking on the Senate floor soon about Saturday's one year anniversary of US airstrikes vs ISIL &amp; need to vote on a new bipartisan 
Through @HRSAgov help, Jefferson College of Health Sciences will be able to develop a new baccalaureate nursing degree program for veterans
@MarkWarner @RobWittman and I are congratulating @VIMS_News on 75 years as a leader in marine research &amp; education! 
ICYMI: My speech from the Senate floor yesterday supporting the : 
Speaking to @CatoInstitute Thurs on the one-year anniversary of airstrikes vs ISIL &amp; my efforts to pass a new  
You can watch @POTUS's speech on the  today at @AmericanU at 11:20am right here : 
RT @CatoEvents: Last day to register for tomorrow's policy forum on the fight with ISIS featuring @GeneHealy &amp; @timkaine: …
My office is holding Kaine Connects hours in Chesapeake tomorrow afternoon from 2-4pm. Make an appointment here: 
My office is holding Kaine Connects hours in Henrico County tomorrow on home foreclosure. RSVP here: 
Great to hear that many Virginia communities are participating in  events tonight: 
Three VA schools are in the top 25 @NSCAA preseason rankings for men &amp; women. Congrats to @UVA @OldDominionUniv &amp; @virginia_tech!
The  is not about making an ally out of an adversary. It is about denying an adversary a path to obtaining nuclear weapons
The  takes a nuclear weapons program that was progressing forward and disables it for many years through peaceful diplomatic means
On the , America has shown that patient diplomacy can achieve what isolation &amp; hostility cannot. For this reason, I will support it
In 1962 President Kennedy asked us to go to the moon in 7yrs. In 2015 President Obama asks us to cut air pollution in 15yrs. We can do this
Scientists, military officials &amp; religious leaders all agree: we must combat . I'm glad the  tackles this issue
Important speech from @POTUS today. Read my statement on his : 
For many women &amp; families across the , Planned Parenthood is their only source of high quality health care. That’s why I 
Headed to the floor to vote against legislation that would deny over  million Americans important primary care services 
Introduced a bipartisan bill that will help deter opioid abuse and combat this growing epidemic: 
ICYMI: Here's my floor speech commemorating the 50th anniversary of  &amp;  
RT @CNNEPrensa: Hoy en @CNNDUSA el Sen. Demócrata de Virginia @TimKaine habla de audiencias sobre el acuerdo nuclear con Irán y los 50 años…
VA stands to receive direct economic benefit from expanding . It would mean a $ dollar boost to the economy 
 expansion in Virginia would give up to 400,000 people the chance to afford health insurance 
 helped desegregate hospitals by making them comply with the Civil Rights Act to receive federal funding 
For nearly half a century,  has worked for Virginians  
On my way to the Senate floor to give a speech on the 50th anniversary of  &amp;  
.@SenSherrodBrown &amp; I are urging states to expand . Read our letter here    at50
By making Pell Grants more accessible to students seeking technical skills-training credentials, we can help fill regional workforce needs
The JOBS Act ensures federal higher education policies support a wide-range of career pathways that meet the demands of the 21st century
Just introduced the JOBS Act, a bill that would expand Pell Grants for workforce training programs. More here 
Visit @HuffPostLive at 12:30 to watch @AFTunion's @rweingarten discuss my Teach Safe Relationships Act: 
RT @HIIndustries: Ray Bagley, NNS' VP Trades Operations, talks to @timkaine yesterday after testifying on shipyard best practices. http://t…
In today's @USATODAY, @SenSherrodBrown and I make the argument for expanding  under the ACA. Read it here: 
50 years ago  &amp;  were signed into law. Let's celebrate the historically positive impacts of each program 
Read this @nytimes piece on value of apprenticeship programs &amp; why companies are investing in work-force development: 
In the SASC Readiness Subcmte today we discussed how apprenticeship programs benefit defense industry employers &amp; workers
On Tuesday Aug. 4th, my staff will host Kaine Connects hours in Charlotte Court House on rural mail delivery issues: 
Had lunch with this great group of summer interns today! 
In wake of Charleston shooting, I'm calling on firearm dealers to halt sales until background checks are completed: 
Met with VA's Governor Fellows this afternoon in DC to discuss public service &amp; my time in state &amp; local government 
Thank you to Monica &amp; Nate, VA's hard-working Senate Pages who help keep the Senate floor operating smoothly! 
Check out this profile story on Liam McGranaghan, a local Loudoun Valley HS @usedgov @EPA award winning teacher: 
 for black women helps the whole family succeed. Learn more about the  Act:  
A fair salary can mean the difference between poverty &amp; economic security for a black family.  
Such a zone would allow the flow of unfettered humanitarian aid &amp; ease the burden on countries dealing with an unprecedented refugee crisis
I welcome greater cooperation between the  and Turkey to create a protected zone for the  Syrian refugees who have fled into Turkey
Educación sobre la prevención del abuso sexual debe comenzar en la secundaria. Lee este editorial sobre mi propuesta: 
Education on sexual assault prevention should start before college. Read @NewsInTheBurg’s editorial on my bill: 
25 years since passage, the ADA has helped ensure Americans living with a disability are never victims of discriminatory practices 
Hampton Roads' food bank needs your help. Donate food by calling 757-627-6599 or text FEED to 757-550-3535 
ICYMI: Here's my interview with the @Morning_Joe crew from yesterday discussing Congress' role in the : 
Ayer, hablé con @NoticiasDC sobre los siguientes pasos para el acuerdo nuclear con  en el Congreso. Veálo aquí: 
Additional information about VA's summer meals program can be found here: 
Child hunger increases when school is out for the summer. Text FOOD or COMIDA to 877-877 or call 866-3HUNGRY for assistance in Virginia
My remarks at today's first SFRC  hearing. Glad Congress agreed on this process for constructive debate: 
 Americans still face unfair paycheck &amp; housing discrimination. Support the Equality Act  
On my way to the first  hearing in the SFRC. Watch @JohnKerry @ErnestMoniz &amp; @USTreasury testify: 
Had a great time talking with an impressive group of VA @boyscouts &amp; @girlscouts this morning over coffee &amp; donuts! 
About to share my thoughts going into the first  hearing today with the crew at @Morning_Joe
The  is holding its first hearing on the  tomorrow. Looking forward to a robust debate. Stream it here: 
ICYMI: My discussion w/@kojoshow from last night. Thanks to all who turned out to in Crystal City! @wamu885 
With the first Senate  hearing set for tomorrow in the Foreign Relations Committee, I'll join @Morning_Joe at 7am for a preview
Love seeing  Relationships Act intro'd in the House. Education can be a key tool to prevent sexual assault 
You can read my letter to Secretary Ash Carter here: 
In wake of  tragedy, I'm asking @DeptofDefense to review better options to protect US military facilities from lone wolf attacks
Glad to see there will be a major expansion of the Cyber Crimes Center in Fairfax; @ICEgov is critical to keeping US safe from cyber attacks
I stand w/pregnant workers in VA who deserve to know that their employer has their backs at work during a pregancy  
RT @nwlc: A new baby means new expenses. Workers can't afford to be pushed off the job for being pregnant:  …
My staff is hosting Kaine Connects office hours tomorrow in Colonial Heights &amp; Hopewell. Make an appointment here: 
Make sure to tune to the @kojoshow at noon today to hear my discussion on how military &amp; defense issues affect NoVa: 
Tune to @wamu885 at noon tomorrow to hear our hour-long conversation  
Just wrapped up  w/ @kojoshow &amp; the great folks who came out to talk about issues impacting Northern VA's defense community
Congress has a big role to play in reviewing the . Joined @CharlieRoseShow last week to describe the process 
I have major concerns about this idea &amp; have expressed them to my Senate colleagues. Hopeful it will be dropped  
Great step by @POTUS today to protect our nation's brave servicemembers &amp; their families from unscrupulous lenders:  
Congrats to @FirstLadyVA! She just received the @VirginiaPTA Child Advocate of the Year Award for her work on childhood hunger in VA
Met interns from @NatlParkService's @Wolf_Trap who shared what they hope to do with their experience this summer 
Congrats to the 6 @NASA_Langley engineers honored with the "Silver Snoopy" award for contributions to human space flight &amp; mission success!
Critical broadband investment by the @USDA today in SWVA. More from @MarkWarner and I

 in 1969 America put a man on the moon. Check out @TIME's great collection of photos from the lunar surface 
I hope everyone throughout the Commonwealth is staying cool &amp; hydrated today as high temperatures begin to peak this afternoon
La reapertura de embajada de  marca nueva era de diplomacia en Latinoamérica. Esta relación renovada puede beneficiar ambos países
Re-opening of 's embassy marks a new era of US diplomacy in Latin America. This renewed relationship can benefit both countries
My staff will be hosting Kaine Connects office hours tomorrow in Dumfries and Lorton. Make an appointment here: 
Thank you to the dedicated volunteers &amp; medical professionals at @ramusaorg for providing critical health care services in SWVA this weekend
Thanks for your leadership on this issue in VA! 
Proud to cosponsor the Older Americans Act, which will improve the quality of life for VA's senior population: 
Eid Mubarak! Wishing a joyous Eid al-Fitr to Muslims around the world today
Good morning Richmond! Joining Jimmy on @1140WRVA to talk about the Congressional outlook for the . Stream: 
Tune to the @jfradioshow. Discussing the busy week in Washington, including the  &amp; passage of the  
National Parks not only benefit VA's economy, but also hold intrinsic values we must preserve for future generations @AT_Conservancy @NPCA
Would like to thank @AT_Conservancy for honoring me tonight. But, the real honor goes to you for all the work done on behalf of the trail
Excited to talk about my time on the Appalachian Trail &amp; the economic benefits of our National Parks at tonight's @AT_Conservancy Gala!
Medical supplies will be delivered to @ramusaorg in SWVA  unmanned aviation technology! Amazing story: 
Caught some shade with students from @MLWGS today just before the  vote!  
Tragic news coming out of Chattanooga today. My heart goes out to the families of those lost in this senseless act of violence
High-quality technical information is an important part of the educational spectrum. Glad  will recognize CTE as core curricula
Teaching students earlier about consent &amp; healthy communication will help prevent domestic violence &amp; sexual assault 
Teach Safe Relationship Act provisions in  will equip our students with knowledge on safe relationship behavior
A commonsense idea by @UVA students to help prevent sexual assault just passed the Senate on a bipartisan vote  
I voted for the  because it will make our schools stronger &amp; ensure they teach students about safe relationship behavior
Discussing  &amp; Congress' role in reviewing it on @NewsHour around 6:10 w/@SenatorIsakson &amp; @JudyWoodruff 
Cosponsored National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act that will help care for people living with pre-diabetes &amp; diabetes @JDRF 
Check out my latest @Medium story on how the Senate can help prevent sexual assault by passing  
Just spoke with HBCU Presidents, including @VSUTrojans Interim President Hammond! 
Meeting soon with Presidents of HBCU's on the Hill celebrating 125 years of the Morrill Act of 1890!
Looking forward to meeting the delegates &amp; discussing how we can improve lives of those living with diabetes  
RT @CNNEPrensa: Hoy en @CNNDUSA hablamos con el Senador demócrata de Virginia @TimKaine sobre el acuerdo para frenar el programa nuclear de…
Here's my statement from earlier today 

 
 has been bipartisan this Congress. Let's work together to give ex-offenders a better shot at a second chance 
.@POTUS is right. US must reform sentencing laws &amp; improve community-based services for former offenders 
More on the Teach Safe Relationships Act here: 
Improved education before college can help prevent sexual assault on &amp; off college campuses. My @PilotOpinion op-ed: 
Congrats to @NASANewHorizons on the . What an amazing scientific feat for mankind nearly a decade in the making!
Looking forward to working with my Senate colleagues on a constructive review of the  in the days and weeks ahead
The  public deserves to have Congress review the  to ensure it is in our national security interest.
A nation’s commitment to diplomacy is every bit as important as its commitment to military strength 
Applaud the  negotiating team for its hard work to find a diplomatic solution to peacefully limit Iran’s nuclear program 
My full statement here: 
Teaching students skills applicable in everyday life, like financial planning, are valuable practices that will help them succeed 
Senate just passed my career readiness amdt that rewards schools that provide students with work-based learning opportunities 
By expanding access to early childhood education, we can prepare more students for a lifetime of learning  
Quality  programs provide students with a , help close the achievement gap and benefit the nation as a whole
Congrats to Regina Warriner, teacher at Midlothian HS, who was selected to attend @CSPAN's  @ccpsinfo
Read about my recent CODEL to Kuwait, Iraq, &amp; Turkey focused on the mission vs  &amp; humanitarian crisis in Syria: 
Tire manufacturers in Salem know there's been wrongdoing from Chinese trade practices. @MarkWarner &amp; I know it too: 
Happening now - the @WhiteHouse &amp; @POTUS are holding the 2015 . Stream the discussion live here:  @WHAging
Proud to serve on the  Conference Committee. Looking forward to thoughtful, bipartisan debate on our nation's defense priorities
ICYMI: My floor speech on how my Teach Safe Relationships Act fits into the  bill: 
 has acted and now it's time for Congress to do the same  
My full statement here: 
Giving negotiators time to make sure they get the best deal possible with  is better than walking away from progress that’s been made
So many @PPFA advocates here on the Hill today! Thank you for supporting the  Relationships Act
Secondary schools should play a role in promoting safe relationship behavior. It can make our country safer  
 Relationships provision in  bill would place a higher emphasis on discussions about safe relationship behavior
The Confederate flag is a symbol of division. SC legislature &amp; @nikkihaley made the right choice to remove it from statehouse grounds
Headed to the Senate floor to give a speech on the  provisions in  bill cc: @clairecmc
In confirmation hrg today, @GenDunford agreed Congress must authorize war vs  - shows support to troops &amp; commitment to defeat enemies
Senate just showed students we understand college &amp; career readiness are critical goals by recognizing  among our core academic subjects
 is a solution for creating jobs, retraining workers w/skills to fill open positions &amp; ensuring students are college &amp; career ready
Glad my colleagues adopted my bipartisan  amendment to  Act. Let's ensure students are prepared for career success!
Heading to the floor to voice support for my  amendment to . Hope my colleagues will support this commonsense measure
Joining @WTOP to discuss why emphasizing safe relationship behavior in secondary school could prevent sexual assault: 
On air soon w/@tvmp1015 to share my thoughts on why we should  relationships in secondary schools. Listen: 
After meeting w/@UVA students, I intro'd  Relationships Act that is now in . Joining @WCNRTheCorner: 
Talking with Steve &amp; Allison on @fox5newsdc live this morning at 8 on my  Relationships Act. Tune in here: 
New @CDCgov report should push Congress to embrace a comprehensive approach to fighting America's heroin epidemic: 
RT @rweingarten: Key provisions of Sens @timkaine &amp; @clairecmc's  Relationships Act included in  Act! http://t…
Joined my friend @MarkWarner to push Congress &amp; the President to avoid crisis and reach a budget deal. Our letter: 
The UCI Road World Championships are in Richmond this Sept. More details here:  @richmond2015 
VA was well-represented on the @ussoccer_wnt. @MarkWarner &amp; I want to congratulate their  performances! 
Was on @Morning_Joe earlier to share perspectives on US strategy vs ISIL &amp;  after my recent Middle East trip:  
Today marks 11 months of airstrikes vs ISIL, all without an  from Congress. Joining the @Morning_Joe crew now to share my thoughts
 Relationships Act would help ensure secondary schools teach safe relationship behavior  
Educating students about healthy relationships can help raise awareness &amp; prevent sexual violence  
Thrilled  Act introduced today includes key  Relationships Act provisions cc: @clairecmc 
VA coming in strong! @alikrieger, @UVaWSoccer Coach Swanson, fmr players @moeebrian @beckysauerbrunn &amp;  Coach Ellis - fmr W&amp;M star
World champions! Congrats to the  on such an exciting World Cup victory  
LET'S GO ! @ussoccer_wnt vsJPN 
 40 years ago, Richmond's own Arthur Ashe became the first African-American to win .
Happy 4th of July! Thank you to our troops serving abroad. Photo from CODEL w/Commanders stationed in Moron, Spain 
Thank you to all the FSO's who work in embassies worldwide. Photo w/officers &amp; interns (from @UVA!) in Ankara, Turkey 
It’s time for Congress to do its job. We owe our servicemembers fighting ISIL a vote on a new AUMF that defines our mission
Back stateside after a CODEL to the Middle East focused on the  mission against ISIL &amp; the humanitarian crisis in Iraq and Syria
Today's @USIndianAffairs announcement is a big step towards righting a historical wrong. Hopeful this will spur action for other VA tribes
The Pamunkey are the first VA Indian tribe to receive federal recognition, over 400 years after making contact w/the first European settlers
Thrilled the Pamunkey tribe will finally receive the federal recognition they deserve. My statement here: 
RT @MarkWarner: .@timkaine and I pressed @USOPM today for more details on the security clearance backlog 
El anuncio sobre  marca el inicio de nueva era de diplomacia de EEUU en el hemisferio occid. Mis declaraciones: 
VA can benefit from a renewed US- relationship that will bring more trade, travel &amp; an exchange of ideas that’s been missing for 54yrs
Today's  announcement marks the beginning of a new era in US diplomacy in the Western Hemisphere. My statement: 
Best of luck to the @ussoccer_wnt tonight! A chance to play in the World Cup Final is on the line and  
Moved by a visit to an urban  center today in Gaziantep, Turkey. Only 97 km's from Aleppo. With @TulsiGabbard 
Since '07, the @EximBankUS has helped VA businesses export $2 billion in goods &amp; services around the world  
Ahead of the @EximBankUS expiration tonight, my friend @MarkWarner &amp; I have a message for our colleagues  
CODEL was in Erbil yesterday. Met w/Kurdistan Regional Government PM @NBarzani &amp; President @masoud_barzani 
Offered condolences to people of  following Friday's horrific ISIL bombing. Pictured here at the Grand Mosque 
Just landed in Amman after 3 days in Kuwait &amp; Iraq as part of a CODEL focused on  mission vs ISIL &amp; humanitarian crisis in Iraq &amp; Syria
Great win by the @ussoccer_wnt tonight! Let's go  
What a week! Excited to celebrate with @vademocrats and @hillaryclinton at tonight's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in Fairfax
For millions, we must improve efforts to treat &amp; prevent Alzheimer's  @alzassociation 
Great to discuss current events &amp; other issues with @MountVernon Leadership Fellows this morning! 
 
Today is an important step in our continuing quest to create a more perfect union 
Today we welcome the end to discriminatory bans that have denied same-sex couples the privileges &amp; joys of marriage 
Same-sex couples will now have their relationships treated with the full legal dignity &amp; respect they deserve  
Headed to  to speak on the future of America's role in the world, global engagement, and passing a new  vs ISIL @TrumanProject
RT @SenBobCorker: I’m a man of my word, @timkaine. Congrats, @UVABaseball. And congrats to @VandyBaseball on an outstanding season! http://…
Fulfilling his end of the bargain on last night's  game, @SenBobCorker stopped by with Old #7 in hand  
 ruling in  is a direct rejection of the heartless effort led by health care law opponents to push families off coverage
Applaud  ruling in . Nearly 300,000 Virginians rely on the tax credits to access high quality, affordable health care
Big congrats the @UVAbaseball team on winning their first  championship last night. National champs! 
Here we go Hoos! Hoping @UVAbaseball can bring home its first  championship tonight 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I met with the Lee County Hospital Authority, working to reopen local hospital. Discussed steps today 
It's on ! @UVAbaseball   
Hey @SenBobCorker. I'll wager a bottle of Reservoir bourbon from VA that the Wahoos take down the Commodores in the  tonight…
Deeply saddened to hear of Chief Bryant’s passing. She was a strong leader for the Monocan people and a pioneer for women
As the nation focuses on removing symbols of racism, it's important we also remove barriers preventing anyone from exercising 
50 yrs after passage of the , @MarkWarner &amp; I co-sponsored a bill to defend  for all Americans 
Spoke to @theNASciences on  &amp; why the future of US economy depends on well-educated &amp; skilled workforce 
Excited to speak about my work on  initiatives in the Senate today at @theNASciences Middle-Skills Symposium
Clutch win by the @UVAbaseball team last night to force a decisive final game in the  tonight. Good luck and !
Rooting for a @UVAbaseball victory tonight to keep their championship hopes alive! !
Congrats to the female enlisted sailors who were selected as the first to train for active duty aboard a @USNavy sub 
This bill improves oversight &amp; coordination at @DeptVetAffiars to help prevent future tragedies 
Intro'd the Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act, which will combat opioid overmedication of our veterans 
My full statement here: 
I support @GovernorVA's decision to remove the Confederate flag from VA issued license plates. This is the right call for the Commonwealth
Hello quarterfinals! Great win by the @ussoccer_wnt last night vs Colombia  
It's game time for the Hoos! Best of luck to @UVABaseball as they begin their second straight  
 tonight! Good luck to the @ussoccer_wnt as they take on Colombia  
Creation of Presidential CTE Scholars helps recognize pivotal role  plays in preparing students for the workforce 
Last May, I called on @POTUS to expand Presidential Scholars program to include  – thrilled he signed exec order to do just that today
Congrats to @TCWTitans rising senior Iesha Kenney who won a bronze medal at the @AIBA_Boxing Women's Youth Championship!
Wahoowa! What a win by @UVABaseball over the weekend. Looking forward to the start of tonight's  rematch vs Vandy
From my family to yours, happy Father's Day!
Hope everyone in Northern Virginia is staying safe through these severe storms tonight
Introduced the Middle Step Act which encourages students to take full advantage of CTE courses available to them 
Ramadan Kareem to Muslims in Virginia and across the world. May this be a blessed and reflective month
RT @dnchodak: Thanks to @timkaine @SenKaineOffice for reintroducing the Middle School Technical Education Program (STEP) Act!
RT @AFW2: @timkaine @usairforce @warriorgames Thank you for supporting  during the !
Met members of team @usairforce at the conclusion of the @warriorgames opening ceremony in Quantico  
Let the @warriorgames begin! Good luck to this year's amazing warrior athletes  
This  reminds us how far  has come in its march towards a more equal &amp; open society, but also how far we have to go
For nearly two centuries  has been a symbol of the struggle for freedom, equality &amp; human rights in our country. 
This , we remember the victims of the  shooting &amp; all those who have fought &amp; died in the name of justice
Cost of war vs ISIL: approx. $ – that’s an avg cost of $9 million/day. Amazing that there has been no meaningful debate on an  yet
How can we have voted on vehicle rust in Senate  but not on the war against ISIL ? 
Met with interns from the @CHCI who are aspiring to be our country's next great latino leaders 
RT @CHCI:  Summer Interns meet with Senator @timkaine 
Debate on defense bill has included many issues big and small, but not a new  against ISIL-headed to the floor to speak on this now
Logging on in a few minutes to kick off a Facebook Q&amp;A on authorizing the  mission against ISIL. Looking forward to your questions!
Holding a Facebook Q&amp;A at 11:00am today to discuss mission vs ISIL &amp; passing a new . Join the conversation here: 
Deeply saddened at the horrible tragedy in Charleston last night. Thoughts and prayers are with the victims' families and friends
On air w/@jfradioshow in a few minutes to talk about the latest on a  against ISIL &amp; . Listen live here: 
Made the trip over to the House side for the @NASA_Wallops 70th anniversary celebration! 
Annie of Great Falls earned @SpaceX's first ever high school  scholarship. Read her story of perseverance here: 
RT @VA_Immigrants: Thank you @timkaine for supporting . Great Speech! You can watch it here:   http://t…
Congrats to @NEHgov History Day participant Mia Lazar of Blacksburg!  
Great discussion over lunch with my DC summer interns today! 
ICYMI: My speech from the Senate floor earlier.  and these VA  are proving why 
Hope you can join me live at 11am ET on Facebook tomorrow for a Q&amp;A on the need to pass a new  against ISIL 
 in Virginia. On my way to the Senate floor to tell stories about VA  benefiting from the  program
Congrats to @ussoccer_wnt on advancing to the next stage of @FIFAWWC!  
ICYMI: My remarks today after attending an @FTA_DOT briefing on Metro safety management concerns 
Sat down w/@USAID Administrator nominee Gayle Smith today. Proud to support her nomination to this critical post 
RT @SenBlumenthal: The  aims to protect servicemembers &amp; their families from abusive financial practices: htt…
RT @HuffingtonPost: The Democrats' old leaders on foreign policy or gone or going. Meet the new guard. 
I will keep working with MD and VA congressional colleagues to ensure  enacts @FTA_DOT safety recommendations released tomorrow
Unless Congress is willing to pass a long-term transpo bill, aging infrastructure &amp; inadequate funding will keep causing transit challenges
Stood w/@MarkWarner, @SenatorBarb &amp; @SenatorCardin today to urge Metro to make necessary @FTA_DOT safety upgrades
Intro’d a bill w/@MarkWarner to provide stronger protections for servicemembers from predatory financial practices 
Los últimos 3 años,  ha permitido que miles de  no vivan en las sombras y que contribuyen a nuestro gran país works
For 3 yrs,  program has let thousands of  come out from the shadows to contribute more fully to our beloved country works
The Magna Carta was signed 800 years ago . The document's principles are still reflected today in the British &amp;  Constitutions
When women are treated equally in the workplace &amp; given affordable access to contraception, families across Virginia are stronger
Cosponsored two bills to expand access to affordable health care for women &amp; protect female workers. Read more here: 
You can also always reach out to one of my 6 state offices in Richmond, Virginia Beach, Danville, Roanoke, Abingdon &amp; Manassas!
We're settling into our new DC office space this wk. Come visit 231 Russell! For casework help/questions, click here: 
The @usarmy turns 240 years old today. Thank you to all the soldiers, past &amp; present, for your sacrifices in the defense of freedom
 in 1967, love prevailed. Loving v. Virginia ended the prohibition of interracial marriages in America. Let's celebrate 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I received an update on reducing @DeptVetAffairs wait times in VA this afternoon 
Stood w/bipartisan colleagues today to intro a bill that would award a Congressional Gold Medal to Filipino WWII vets 
Met future service academy cadets &amp; midshipmen from VA w/@MarkWarner this morning. Congrats &amp; thank you for serving 
The VA delegation is standing together in opposition to efforts to stall construction of the  at Fort Pickett 
Talking with @FM99WNOR's Rick Rumble shortly on America's war vs ISIL &amp; why our troops deserve a Congressional  
Good morning Charlottesville! Tune to @1070WINA to hear my thoughts about authorizing the current war vs ISIL  
About to join Jimmy on @1140WRVA to talk about whether the  can pass a bipartisan . Listen live:
Joining @fox5newsdc to discuss the latest in my push for a Congressional vote on an  to combat ISIL. Tune in 
Sat down with @JMU President Jon Alger today to discuss ways to improve access to affordable higher education 
Dr. Billington's impact will be forever felt in the halls of @librarycongress. Thank you for 27 years of dedicated public service to the US!
Discussing path forward on an  against ISIL in  with @NewsChannel8 soon. Tune in or stream it live here: 
The economic impacts of  in Hampton Roads are real. Flooding from sea-level rise could threaten local businesses, tourism
Introduced @ODUnow's Ray Toll at a Senate  meeting where he explained the major impact of sea level rise on Hampton Roads
To , America needs innovative solutions. Met with Senate colleagues today to discuss the economic impact of 
I have confidence the , which took a partisan  issue &amp; made it nonpartisan, can find a similar path forward to pass an 
Thanks to @SenBobCorker for committing to hold a Foreign Relations Cmte mtg on a path forward for an ISIL 
Congress owes the servicemembers fighting ISIL a discussion and vote on . It's a constitutional duty that should not be ignored
Haven’t given up on finding a path forward on . Joined colleague @JeffFlake to intro 1st bipartisan  for  consideration today
I spoke with @CBS6 last night about my bipartisan  amendment that aims to shape &amp; define war vs ISIL. Watch: 
Testified at USITC in support of Salem's @steelworkers petition to ensure and enforce fair trade opportunities for  manufacturers
Shout out to Roanoke's @worldcupdad &amp; the Hemphills! Safe travels in Canada at @FIFAWWC. Enjoy the games &amp; let's go ! 
Congratulations to the @ussoccer_wnt on a great win last night! Next up,  Friday!  
Just voted in Richmond. Make sure you vote in the primaries today! Find out where your polling place is here:  
Will work with NOVA delegation to keep adopting necessary safety steps going forward for commuters
Today's NTSB recommendations for Metro not quick fix. Part of long journey to make Metro safe
It's game time for the @usscoccer_wnt. Let's go Team USA!   
Tune to @CBS6 Richmond at 7:10pm. Discussing my  amendment intro'd today. First bipartisan push in Senate for war authorization vs ISIL
Key provisions of the bipartisan  I introduced with @JeffFlake today: 
RT @sendavidperdue: Proud to have introduced a bipartisan @StateDept reform bill with @timkaine: 
RT @JeffFlake: Offering an  @timkaine that will finally allow Congress to voice its support for the mission against   …
I challenge my colleagues to finally come together to do what’s right for our troops &amp; our nation. Let's pass a bipartisan  vs. ISIL
Inexcusable that Congress has let 10 months of war go by without authorizing the  mission against ISIL 
Just introduced the first bipartisan  w/@JeffFlake as amendment to State Dept reauthorization bill. Read here: 
Good luck to the , and VA's own @alikrieger, tonight in the @FIFAWWC   @usscoccer_wnt
I plan to push my colleagues in the Senate to act in a bipartisan way this week on Operation Inherent Resolve. Stay tuned.
ICYMI: My interview w/@Morning_Joe crew on why I think it's shameful Congress has failed to authorize war vs ISIL 

For 10 months, Congress has shirked its most solemn duty by not weighing in on war vs ISIL. More in the @Daily_Press: 
Today marks 10 months of US military engagement vs ISIL without Congress authorizing this war. Sharing my thoughts w/ @Morning_Joe soon
Thrilled @USNavy has awarded @HIIndustries a contract to begin construction on the USS John F Kennedy in Newport News 
Good luck to @VCUBaseball &amp; @UVABaseball in their  Super Regional round games!  
Following yesterday's data breach: here are some resources to help protect your privacy: 
The  has landed in Yorktown! A historic reminder of the strong bond the  shares with France  @hermionevoyage
It's ! No surprise to me that Richmond's @rvadonuts was named one of the country's best 
Latest data breach is further proof that the  is harming our nat'l security. Need to be investing more resources in 
RT @LukeRussert: Coming next on @shiftmsnbc an in depth discussion w @timkaine about Congress not moving on an  to combat  in …
Read the resolution here 
Intro'd a resolution honoring 50th anniversary of the Griswold v. Connecticut decision, affirming a woman's right to access family planning
.@CFPB needs to implement the strongest possible rules to stop predatory practices in payday lending. My letter: 
As the Senate considers , we need to get serious about  relief. My remarks from the floor today: 
RT @USDOT: Quick tour of structurally deficient  in  1 of 4 US bridges need to be replaced or  …
I support @SenJackReed's amendment to , which requires additional  relief for non-defense accounts
Members on both sides support a balanced approach to  relief b/t defense &amp; non-defense budgets. Now's the time to do it
Mindless sequester cuts to non-defense agencies, especially those tasked w/ natl security like @FBI &amp; @DHSgov, harm our defense capabilities
Heading to the floor to discuss importance of  for VA &amp; why we need to fix harmful  cuts. Watch here: 
VA's task force is laying the groundwork to improve how colleges address campus sexual assault: 
Agree w/@ChrisCoons. Time for the Senate to step up &amp; pass a bipartisan  to support our troops in fight vs ISIL 
Great @RTDNews story on @VCUbaseball's journey to the  Super Regional round 
Hey Virginians! Today is the last day to volunteer at Clean the Bay Day this Saturday w/@chesapeakebay. Sign up here 
Good to see local leaders from Caroline County in  today! 
Headed to a  hearing on the impact an  nuclear deal could have on Middle East policy. Watch live: 
We must get serious about comprehensive background record checks to keep guns away from dangerous people 
H/T to @RepBarbaraLee for passing her  amendment in House Approps Cmte. Congress has an obligation to authorize military force vs ISIL
ICYMI: Video of my remarks in front of  yesterday calling for a long-term bill to  
New study on sea level rise shows 33 miles of roads on the Eastern Shore could be flooded b/t 2025-2050  
Joining @WTOP shortly to discuss why  corrosion should push Congress to act now to  
We can either kick the can over &amp; over or make investments in America to restore our infrastructure to world-class status 
Maintaining our roads, bridges &amp; rail improves the daily lives of VA commuters &amp; elevates our platform for economic growth 
 is just one example of nearly 4,800 VA bridges that are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete 
Lane closures on  will affect VA drivers &amp; cause traffic congestion. Congress cannot wait any longer to 
Spoke near  w/ @RepDonBeyer to show the need to  with a long-term transportation bill 
RT @MarkWarner: Closing 1/3 of the lanes on the --&gt; time for Congress to get serious about fixing our roads &amp; bridges https:…
For the next 6 months,  will be partially closed for emergency repairs after engineers found corrosion 
Headed to  with @RepDonBeyer &amp; @EleanorNorton to call on Congress to pass a long-term transportation bill 
Incredibly saddened to hear of Beau Biden's passing. His was a life dedicated to serving others. My heart goes out to the Biden family.
Removing  from the state sponsors of terrorism list is an important step in the process of starting a new era of normalized relations
Short-term funding patches can't fix the long-term infrastructure problems on  or the other 4,800 VA bridges that need work
Good luck to Glen Allen's Tejas Muthusamy tonight, who has spelled his way to the @ScrippsBee  final round! 
 to a great interview w/@bobschieffer on @facethenation last Sept on   Congrats to Bob on an amazing career!
Enjoyed my 1st @ParkwayBrewing beer brewed in celebration of @papergirlmacy's book-one of my favorite reads in years 
Get ready Virginia Public Access Project. On my way to the @vpapupdates annual luncheon to lighten the room up with some comedy!
Good luck to the talented spellers from Virginia who are competing in the 2015 @ScrippsBee !
Excited to join @JackGravelyShow in-studio to talk about my stops throughout VA this week. Listen live: 
Uniéndome con Demetrio en @lagrand1480 en unos pocos minutos para discutir que he hecho en VA esta semana. 
Hablando con Shalin en Selecta 1320 sobre  &amp; más. Escuchen en vivo aquí: 
Very impressed by the talented staff &amp; state-of-the-art medical equipment helping servicemembers at @NMCP1 
Testing out the simulation technology at Naval Medical Center Portsmouth @NMCP1 
Tune in to @WAVY_News at 4PM for my interview on ISIL &amp; my stops in Hampton Roads today. Watch live: 
Met Cheng, a CIVIC Scholar, before addressing the CIVIC Leadership Institute about lessons from public service 
Thank you to @chesapeakebay &amp; all the volunteers who helped with oyster restoration on the Lafayette River today! 
Lowering a reef ball that oysters will grow on at Knitting Mill Creek 
Kicked off the  planting season by helping @chesapeakebay plant 150 bushels of baby oysters  
Hosting a  in Norfolk this AM. Joining @chesapeakebay foundation to help with oyster restoration on the Lafayette River
BTEC students are improving their community with @Habitat_org by building this home for a Botetourt Co family in need 
From inside BTEC's auto-shop facility where students learn the mechanical trade skills to repair vehicles 
Reunited in Fincastle with my 2015 State Of The Union Guest, Coordinator of CTE for @BCPS_tweets Lisa Barnett! 
Deeply saddened Frank Hall has passed. He was a dear friend and represented Richmond with distinction and enthusiasm. We'll miss him.
On my way to tour the Botetourt Technical Education Center (BTEC) in Fincastle. Stay tuned for photos!
Covered a lot of ground during discussion with Roanoke Asian American biz owners, from minimum wage to infrastructure 
Paying respects at SWVA Veterans Cemetery to those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom  
Honoring the sacrifice of brave Virginia veterans today at @VFWHQ Post 4667 
So much rich culture in SWVA. Touring the Wayne Henderson School of Appalachian Arts before its grand opening in June 
 parade in Marion! @marionvirginia 
Excited to be in @marionvirginia today for all the  festivities! Kicking off the morning with the annual Memorial Day parade
Happy , Virginia! Together, we honor those who have sacrificed in defense of our nation's freedom.
Sunday hiking on Iron Mountain Trail near Feathercamp Ridge, Mt. Rogers National Recreation Area. Mountain laurel &amp; rhododendrons in bloom!
Oscar Romero is a saintly figure for the ages; his life &amp; words continue to offer us guidance today 
My view on the Virginia Creeper trail in Southwest yesterday with Anne 
Enjoyed the chance to discuss the need for a new  vs ISIL with @georgewillf recently. Read his column here: 
Proud that @POTUS signed  Nuclear Agreement Review Act today-final step to ensuring we have constructive process to review deal w/Iran
Thanks to @MountVernon for letting me share my thoughts &amp; reflections on the life &amp; legacy of George Washington: 
Congrats to my Administrative Director Kathy for 30 years of dedicated service in the Senate! 
Henrico County is in town! Great meeting with local leaders &amp; officials today on 2015 priorities 
Cosponsored the Strong Start for America's Children Act, which expands access to early childhood education 
Calling for increased funding for PTC technology w/ @MarkWarner that can help prevent train derailments. Read here 
After 9 months of war against ISIL w/o an , Congress has no right to criticize our strategy. From SASC hearing: 
Our economy &amp; quality of life depends on robust transportation investments. A short term patch kicks the can down our bumpy, unpaved roads
FACT: Nearly 1 in 4 bridges in the  are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete 
Renew the Highway Trust Fund, pass a long-term transportation bill. Our roads need it 
4,800 VA bridges need the investments of a long-term transportation &amp; infrastructure bill, not the uncertainty of a short-term patch
On my way to SASC hearing to talk steps forward in fight vs ISIL. My thoughts? Let's pass an  to define mission &amp; support our troops
About to be on the air with @jfradioshow to talk  &amp; trade. Listen live: 
Good morning Richmond! Joining Jimmy on @1140WRVA in a few to talk , trade, and the week in Washington. Tune in 
RT @CNNDUSA: Sen. @timkaine en @CNNDUSA sobre audiencia de hoy sobre deshielo entre   y Proceso de Paz  …
Proud to welcome the Iraqi Women's Delegation to the office today to discuss international relations &amp; women's rights 
Honored to speak at the Jewish American Heritage Month event in the historic Kennedy Caucus Room 
Joining @mitchellreports to talk  &amp; why it's past time for Congress to do its job &amp; support our troops in fight vs ISIL. Tune in 
Let's not let sea level rise affect our defense readiness- we should give DoD the tools to withstand impacts of  
Studies show rate of sea level rise is accelerating. This poses serious challenges for Hampton Roads  
.@POTUS is right. Effects of  jeopardize national security preparedness, particularly at Naval Station Norfolk 
Ending the travel ban to  will encourage the free exchange of ideas &amp; values, including respect for human rights. It is time.
Headed to a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on path forward for relations between the US &amp; Cuba
Congrats to @UVAMenTennis, who capped off a remarkable year as national champs once again!   @UVA
Delaying  prevents important  reforms &amp; thousands a chance to improve the communities they consider home 
You can see what type of repayment options are available to you on your student loan by clicking here @FAFSA: 
Questions about your student loan? @FAFSA is here to help you. Check out their took kit: 
Learn more about what @usedgov is doing to help students make informed decisions when taking out student loans: 
My full statement on @SpeakerBoehner's comments here: 
This increases urgency for Senate - beginning w/Foreign Relations Cmte - to take up authorizing language &amp; show we support troops
.@SpeakerBoehner's comments on ISIL  today = admission that House cannot initiate discussion of issue of this magnitude
Hey @MaryLeeShark, welcome back to the waters of the Commonwealth. Promise to let our beachgoers enjoy Memorial Day weekend?
Important listen on @npr @MorningEdition - opioid abuse epidemic affects VA too. Congress can't ignore this issue 
Saddened by the loss of mountain music legend Joe Wilson. His spirit will be missed in Southwest Virginia 
Stopped by the @girlscouts reception today and met Lauren Prox, from Newport News. Congrats on her Gold Award! 
By 2040, city blvd into Naval Station Norfolk will be inundated by daily tides several hours per day   
FACT: Hampton Roads is the 2nd largest US population center at risk of sea level rise, behind Nola   
Make sure you tune to @CSPAN 2. @SenWhitehouse taking to the floor for the 100th time on why it's  &amp;  
Happy 50th to @NatlHeadStart program! Early childhood education works and is critical to future success  
Honored to speak at @InovaHealth today on funding breakthrough cancer research through advancements in biotech 
On my way to @InovaHealth for today's event w/ @GovernorVA. Speaking on importance of cancer care &amp; personalized medicine for NoVa
Started my week with a Skype chat with Tallwood High School's Global Studies &amp; World Languages Academy in VA Beach! 
Under the right conditions, trade can benefit our economy. More of my thoughts from Sunday's @RTDNEWS 
Thank you to all the men and women in uniform who sacrifice, serve, and defend this great nation 
Flooding caused by sea level rise impacts Hampton Roads homes &amp; Naval Station Norfolk, world's largest naval base  
There are more than  why it’s  and  now. Submit your reason here  @SenWhitehouse
Just saw some startups using innovative machines &amp; technology (even a 3-D printer!) at @TechShopDC in Arlington 
On Nat'l Peace Officer Memorial Day, we honor our fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice protecting our communities 
Visiting @TechShopDC in Arlington tomorrow! Excited to see the innovative, cutting-edge CTE classes offered @techshop
I challenge my colleagues to demonstrate same courage by passing an  against ISIL
 bill being sent to President's desk = proof that Congress can act in bipartisan way on important matters of foreign policy
w/House passage of  review bill, overwhelming support from both houses for constructive process many didn't think possible at outset
Read my full statement on the FY2016 defense bill here:  
and another that puts the Senate Armed Services Committee on record against harmful sequestration cuts 
Included in : my amendment that improves servicemembers’ post-service employment prospects through reforms to credentialing
Proud  has provisions that will benefit VA's defense community, support shipbuilders &amp; maintain our carrier fleet
Excited that movie on Richard &amp; Mildred Loving's lives will be filmed in VA! It's a powerful story of our civil rights history 
RT @GovernorVA: Gov announces major motion picture on the lives of Richard &amp; Mildred Loving to be filmed in Central VA. …
The Plains Area Day Care Center has provided critical services to families in Rockingham County and is a beloved anchor in the community
Proud to join @RepGoodlatte to intro a bill helping Rockingham Co. Plains Area Day Care better plan for its future: 
A good listen here from @wamu885 this morning on CTE benefiting high schoolers looking to pursue high-skilled jobs 
Applaud the @SECNAV announcement on new personnel policy initiatives. These changes are a step in the right direction for military families
Joined @hereandnowrobin on @hereandnow to discuss Congress' unwillingness to vote on a new  vs  
Talked nonproliferation issues w/Under Sec of @StateDept for Arms Control &amp; International Security Rose @Gottemoeller 
RT @SouthCountyMS: Special thanks to US Sen. Tim Kaine for his visit today to see our Career and Tech programs in action. @timkaine http://…
Great way to start off the week! Saw  in action at @SouthCountyMS &amp; visited w/ @SoCoStallions students in Lorton 
Proud to join the Vietnamese-American community in support of human rights for Vietnam today. 
It’s time for federal contractors &amp; agencies to  – will help expand job opportunities &amp; reduce recidivism 
Loved spending a fun Mother's Day weekend with Anne! So grateful for her, my mom Kathy, and all of the other extraordinary moms out there.
Read my @ForeignPolicy op-ed w/@JeffFlake on  bill,  against ISIL, &amp; bipartisan spirit in the SFRC 
It's time to vote on an  against ISIL 
When we fund infrastructure improvements &amp; transportation projects, it fuels economic growth &amp; creates jobs. Lets build a better Virginia
Had the pleasure of addressing the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission’s Transit Means Business! forum today 
70 years ago today, the allied forces prevailed over evil in Europe on V-E Day. Let us never forget the sacrifice of our  vets
Servicemembers, some from VA, are risking their lives in the mission vs , yet Congress is afraid of risking a vote on it 
9 months of silence on an  leaves the impression that Congress is either indifferent about  or lacks the backbone to do its job
Today marks 9 months of war against  without Congress debating or voting on an  
RT @MarkHerringVA: Some of the great  who've impacted my life: my mother, my wife Laura &amp; @timkaine  …
Change your channel to @PBSNewshour! Speaking with Gwen about the  bill and the chances Congress can pass a new  against 
Tune to @CNN soon. Joining the @CNNSitRoom w/@WolfBlitzer to explain why it's shameful Congress has stalled debate on a new  vs 
RT @SenatorDurbin: Just finished discussion with @AmbassadorRice and colleagues on ongoing crises in  &amp;  …
Proud to join an important bipartisan bill today that reforms an obsolete  law @SenatorTomUdall @DavidVitter 
Next step for the SFRC? Passing a new  for the war vs  with strong bipartisan support
Proud to see 98 yeah votes for the  bill which I worked on with Democratic and Republican colleagues in the SFRC
From an avid @HuffingtonPost reader: Congrats to @ariannahuff &amp; the staff for 10 years of quality journalism &amp; story telling! 
ICYMI: My speech on the Senate floor today:  Tomorrow begins our 10th month of engagement vs  without an 
RT @JeffFlake: Joined @timkaine to pass an AUMF to show our allies &amp; adversaries that Congress is behind the mission to defeat ISIL http://…
Glad to have to support of @JeffFlake on the push for a new  against . This is a bipartisan issue Congress can't be silent on
Congress' silence on a new  is cowardly and shameful. We cannot let this war go on undeclared, unapproved, undefined and unchecked
Today marks 9 months of military engagement against , yet Congress has neglected to authorize the mission 
Headed to the Senate floor now to urge my colleagues to pass a new  against . Watch it live: 
On air with @WTOP at 8:40 to explain why Congress can't keep ducking its obligation to pass a new  against  
I'll be speaking with @fox5newsdc shortly on the urgency to pass a new  in the  mission vs . Watch live 
Tune to @CNN now. About to join the crew at @NewDay to discuss why I'm asking the Senate to quit stalling debate on a new  today
Our troops and their families deserve better. Stay tuned to @CSPAN 2 tomorrow to hear my thoughts
Friday marks 9 months of military action against  &amp; Congress has continued to dodge its obligation to debate &amp; pass a new 
Tune to @ABC7News at 5:15 &amp; @NewsChannel8 at 5:20. I'll discuss why Congress has an obligation to debate &amp; approve a new  against 
Had the pleasure of speaking with @gwNURSING future nurses &amp; their teachers in Ashburn recently  
Thank you to all the dedicated nurses who care for the sick, elderly, our veterans and all those in need  
Great to hear Goochland County resident Charles' personal story at today's @SenateAging hearing on technology helping seniors
Headed to @SenateAging hearing on how advancements in technology are helping seniors live independently. Watch live: 
Its ! Make sure you thank your hard-working teachers for everything they do 
.@usedgov data shows increase in campus sexual assault complaints: 1 more reason to pass Teach Safe Relationships Act
Read my letter w/@MarkWarner urging HHS to make sure women aren't being denied  contraceptive coverage 
Any  tie to  reinforces urgent need for Congress to take up a new . More from me on @TheLeadCNN: 
Joining @jaketapper on @CNN at 4:05 to discuss the attack in  and the need for a new  against 
Any FAA reauthorization bill should not place burdens on Reagan National &amp; jeopardize workload at Dulles. More here: 
Sat down with CEO Nancy Agee of Roanoke based @CarilionClinic to discuss health care services &amp; operations in VA 
Thank you @Martin_Dempsey for extraordinary service as CJCS. He has been a phenomenal leader during a challenging time at home &amp; abroad
GEN "Fighting Joe" Dunford is a proven leader w/extensive experience. He will be an asset in the fight against  &amp; other adversaries
Congrats to Virginians Emma and Tucker, who are  honorees for community service! @PrudentialSpirit 
¡Les deseo un muy feliz Cinco de Mayo a todos los que celebran hoy!
Great discussion w/my former @urichmond student John McAuliff &amp; a group of impressive fellows from @Coro_Pittsburgh 
I'm proud to celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month &amp; honor a community that has shaped our nation in remarkable ways 
Welcomed @SteveCase and the  tour to RVA this morning to talk innovation, talent &amp; entrepreneurial drive 
Glad to see today’s long-overdue federal oil tank car safety standard. The rule will make important changes &amp; help keep our communities safe
 stands with  in its time of need. Read the resolution the Senate passed yesterday offering support: 
Hey @FLOTUS! Team Kaine broke out their college gear for the  initiative anniversary today @ReachHigher 
Happy to be part of @SenateAging Committee. We are devoted to the issues that affect older American's everyday lives 
May is  and I'm proud to cosponsor the Older Americans Act. Learn more about the bill's history: 
Welcome home to the soldiers of the Virginia Beach based 529th CSSB. Thank you for your dedicated service @VaNationalGuard
1yr after the Lynchburg derailment, @MarkWarner &amp; I intro’d a bill to keep communities safe from oil train accidents 
Joined @MarkWarner as a cosponsor of the . Horse soring doesn't belong in equestrian competition. This abusive practice needs to end
Met with some great AVID students from Virginia today on the Hill. Thanks to @MarkWarner for making it happen! 
.@MarkWarner, @RepDaveBrat &amp; I met some Raiders from Atlee HS in Mechanicsville on the Senate steps! @ATLRaiderNation 
Let's restore value to the American ideal that hard work pays off. RT if we should   
According to @nwlc: on avg, women in VA earn 79¢ to every $1 paid to men.  bill would give 21M women in US a raise 
FACT:  bill would directly raise wages of approximately 786,000 Virginians 
Joined @PattyMurray &amp; @repbobbyscott to intro  bill today. Hard workers shouldn't have to live in poverty 
No one who works full-time should struggle to make ends meet   
Me reuní con @imolinarescnn en @CNNEE ayer para hablar sobre Irán, matrimonio igualitario, y más. Vean: 
Happy birthday to my colleague &amp; friend  @repbobbyscott ! Hope it’s a good one
Happening now: sharing my thoughts on this week's events in  w/@JackGravelyShow. Listen live on @WLEE990: 
Heading to a  Hearing on @US_EUCOM. Stream it live here:  @SASCDemocrats @SASCMajority. Talking  &amp; more
Good morning Richmond! Tune to KISS FM now. Catching up w/ @COMMUNITYCLO &amp; discussing events in  @KissRichmond
At 9:10am, tune to @WTOP. Will be speaking with Mike &amp; Joan re:   : Listen here: 
Congrats to VA's own Lamar Greene, who was named a semifinalist in the 2015 College &amp; Career Readiness Campaign  @ACT
We all have a role to play in improving health in .  @VCUSocHealth @RWJF 
Watch Ahkei recite the poem "Football" by Louis Jenkins for me today! Take a look  
Ahkei Togun, from VA Beach, is a @NEAarts  finalist. Congrats Ahkei, you make VA proud!  
Met with GEN Breedlove of @US_EUCOM to discuss defense priorities, , &amp; more 
Thanks to @AmericanLegion for hosting the 2015 Credentialing Summit and bringing attention to barriers to  employment. 
.@GoParks is receiving &gt;$5M to make upgrades and improvements to the @USMC War Memorial in Arlington: 
Met with representatives from the @chickencouncil today to discuss agriculture &amp; food safety 
RT @MarkWarner: VA delegation again urging the Air Force to locate a cyber squadron at Langley AFB 
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; members of the VA delegation to urge @AFSpace to locate a cyber ops squadron at : 
Justice LeRoy Millette has served the Commonwealth admirably. Proud to appoint him in '08. Best wishes to him in retirement.
Beautiful day to speak with students from Bryant Alternative High School on the Senate steps @fcpsnews 
Chatted w/some bright seniors from @StrasburgHS this morning on Skype! Covered a lot of great topics @ShenCoVASchools 
Marriage equality momentum is strong-hopeful  will follow lead of 4th Circult that struck down  ban in Virginia  
RT @ShenCoVASchools: Skyping with Senator Tim Kaine. 
Tune in to @wamu885 during your morning commute for my interview w/ @trulldc on kids fleeing violence in Honduras 
Sat down w/ Bruce on @News8NewsTalk Friday to talk Loretta Lynch, refugee crisis abroad &amp; more. Airs at 1:30 PM: 
Grateful for the service of the VA-based search &amp; rescue team headed to assist in Nepal. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with everyone impacted.
Thanks to @SusanPage for coming by yesterday to chat Iran,  - here's our @CapitalDownload interview 
About to stop by the @LetsTalkLiveDC studio! They asked me to bring my harmonica, so we’ll see what happens…
Proud to announce progress toward construction of embassy security training ctr at Ft Pickett w/ @MarkWarner @RepRobertHurt @Randy_Forbes
After 166 days, the Senate has finally confirmed Loretta Lynch. I'm confident she will work hard to ensure justice for all Americans.
I’ll be live at 12:06PM on the @kojoshow to discuss Iran, transportation &amp; my education priorities. Tune in! 
My statement on the hostages killed in a  counterterrorism operation in January 
Pleased to welcome Honduran President Hernandez to our Capitol after having met with him in Tegucigalpa in February 
Celebrating  with Candice and James from the Blue Ridge and Old Dominion Job Corps centers 
Great lunch with some fantastic interns in our DC office! 
From the Chesapeake Bay to the Cumberland Gap,  reminds us of Virginia's amazing beauty 
RT @sendavidperdue: It was great to work with @timkaine on @StateDept oversight yesterday. 
Enjoyed some trivia &amp; beautiful weather with @FCPSHayfieldSS students on the Capitol steps today! 
.@AshburnRobotics @team5338 @FTCTeams Hard to beat a @SteaknShake burger. Great fuel for a robotics competition!
Good luck to all of the VA @FTCTeams headed to  this week! Special shout out to @team5338 for rebuilding a robot in just 2 weeks!
Experienced, focused, fair. Loretta Lynch has all the attributes of a qualified Attorney General. Let's finally 
Tune in to @mitchellreports now - I'll be discussing congressional review of the Iran nuclear deal
Congratulations to @McConnellWTOP for an incredible 50 years at @WTOP! 
Heading to Budget Conference Committee meeting. Hopeful for an outcome that includes sequester relief. Watch here: 
Excited for tonight's @EqualityVA Commonwealth Dinner! Together we'll keep working toward full equality for LGBT Virginians b/c 
Enjoyed talking economic development in the Valley at the  in Staunton today! Can’t pick a better venue than @shakespearectr
At the dedication of @MaryBaldwinColl's Murphy Deming College-home of the next generation of healthcare professionals 
Congrats to @jorgeramosnews - one of @TIME’s 100 most influential people! Enjoyed our interview last month:  
Opioids should receive careful scrutiny before they enter the marketplace. Introduced a bill to ensure that happens: 
Look forward to catching up with my friend Jimmy Barrett on @1140WRVA at 8:35AM! 
Headed to the Senate floor to commemorate a tragedy, honor a community &amp; challenge Congress to get serious about gun safety 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives that were lost and commit to ending bigotry forever
We remember the 32 lives VT lost 8 years ago today &amp; the spirit of community &amp; hope that it embraced following tragedy 
Great discussion at the  Seminar this morning about how critical an asset @Dulles_Airport is to the Virginia economy.
Going live on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer to talk about the progress to ensure productive congressional deliberation over an Iran deal
Spoke to @cbsthismorning about our efforts to ensure there's a constructive review process of Iran deal in Congress - tune in at 7am!
Great news – Foreign Relations Cmte unanimously approved our constructive process for Congress to review Iran deal 
Proud of work we've done to ensure Congress can review Iran deal in constructive way - headed to bill markup in Foreign Relations now
Congratulations to my friend @gravelyjack for being named interim director of the Virginia @NAACP
On , proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act to address gender-based wage discrimination b/c it’s time for 
On Thomas Jefferson’s 272nd birthday, let’s challenge ourselves to continue advancing his principle that "all men are created equal"
Proud to support @HillaryClinton for nearly 1yr &amp; thrilled to now officially endorse her as candidate for President 
Checking out the particle detector at Jefferson Lab. This facility is an incredible asset for the Commonwealth. 
As @SummitAmericas begins, I look forward to continued growth in the relationships between our country and our neighbors
Great Q&amp;A with @ODUnow ROTC, veterans, active duty servicemembers &amp; model UN students on foreign affairs challenges 
Thanks to @USCG Base Portsmouth for the tour &amp; for all you do to keep our coastline safe &amp; secure 
Root, root, root for the home team! Cheering on the Richmond Flying Squirrels for the home opener tonight @GoSquirrels!
Great meeting with Lynchburg community leaders to discuss issues facing the local African-American community
An enemy need not always remain an enemy. This lesson of Appomattox still rings true 150 years later.  
W/my parents in Appomattox for . Honored to be here to commemorate 150 years since the end of the Civil War 
Stopped by local businesses like Lux Aromatica in Orange today to discuss economic development &amp; broadband access 
Quick stop for a delicious burger at @TheLightWellckt in Orange! 
Community colleges like @germannacc are critical to meeting workforce development needs. Glad to keynote today's annual meeting in Culpeper
On @fox5newsdc this AM, I discussed Iran &amp; Career/Tech Education in VA with @stevechenevey  
In Stafford to discuss economic development - always helpful to hear suggestions from business &amp; community leaders 
Tune in to @WTOP at 8:20AM - will be on w/ Mike &amp; Joan to discuss Iran &amp; what I'm up to in Virginia this wk 
Will be live with @fox5newsdc’s @stevechenevey at 7:30AM to talk about Iran &amp; my visit with @LaCocinaVA culinary students yesterday
About to be on @Morning_Joe to discuss the Iran deal. Tune in!
Visite @LaCocinaVA para ver como esta organización ayuda a personas a desarrollar habilidades lingüísticas/culinarias 
Estaré con @SulemaWZDC en @WZDCTelemundo a las 6:15PM. Véalo!
Visited @LaCocinaVA today to see how this organization enriches lives with language and culinary career skills  
Checking out @OrbitalATK's most recent commercial satellite produced with the help of @EximBankUS 
Loved seeing  in action in Leesburg this morning with great presentations by @team5338 &amp; @AshburnRobotics 
.@ashburnrobotics is sharing the gift of  with students around the globe through craft-a-bot robot kits 
Thanks to the team at the Vireol Ethanol Plant in Hopewell for hosting me. Largest ethanol plant on the East Coast! 
Thx to @PennyPritzker for joining me in Richmond to hear from local business leaders today! 
Informative discussion w/ RVA business owners &amp; Commerce Sec @PennyPritzker about trade &amp; the local economy 
Surprising my Richmond office with @rvadonuts this morning! 
At 8:00AM I’ll join @NewDay to discuss the Iran nuclear framework agreement – tune in!
Attended Easter Vigil service at our church last night &amp; looking forward to Richmond Easter parade today on Monument Ave--Happy Easter!
To those celebrating this weekend, I want to wish you and your family a happy Passover. Chag Sameach!
My statement on the Iran nuclear framework agreement announced today: 
Excited to watch @ODUMBB take on Stanford tonight!  
Congrats to Virginia for being one of the first states to receive a 4 year NCLB waiver. VA is leading the way in education reform!
Saddened by the passing of former @virginia_tech President Paul Torgersen, who left a lasting impact on the university &amp; his students
Praying for the full recovery of @usairforce cadet Hailey Lane  
Grateful for @radfordu President Penny Kyle’s years of service at RU. She has been a transformative leader &amp; tireless advocate for Radford.
Happy birthday to my friend @GerryConnolly!
Happy to hear Susan Swecker will serve as the next DPVA chair! She’ll make the @vademocrats proud
Appreciate the @ProgressIndex's plug for passing our Petersburg National Battlefield bill to preserve historic land 
.@SenatorReid is one of the toughest fighters &amp; kindest souls I know, always putting people of NV &amp; well-being of nation first.
However, I couldn’t support a budget that so negatively impacts our economy, women &amp; seniors &amp; fails to solve long-term fiscal challenges
I’m pleased the Senate – in a bipartisan vote – passed my amendment to pave the way to replace sequester cuts hurting VA &amp; entire nation
RT @RamsForMemory: @timkaine So thankful to meet with your staff today at the . We appreciate all u do to help  …
Grateful @SenateAging had the chance to hear from some dedicated Alzheimer's patients, caregivers and researchers today. Let's 
I applaud  for affirming pregnant workers' right to keep their jobs and I'm proud to have signed a brief supporting 
Saddened to hear Yvonne &amp; Emily Selke of Nokesville were on the flight that crashed in France. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with their loved ones
Eager to hear President Ghani speak about how our two countries can work together to  counter terrorism and promote Afghan security
Pleased VA is the first state to be awarded a wind energy research lease in federal waters –key step toward growing our clean energy economy
Met so many great VA students today! Thx to @Bruin_Nation @IrvingMiddle, King George HS &amp; Heritage HS for visiting! 
Headed to the floor to vote for . It's time to put an end to gender-based wage disparity. 
Great meeting with servicemembers to recognize ! 
Appreciate kind words from @RTDopinions on my bipartisan amdt to help military installations withstand climate change 
Great news from @GovernorVA on Civil War battlefield preservation in Williamsburg! Proud to support it at federal level cc: @civilwartrust
Following our letter last month, grateful @DeptVetAffairs will revise 40 mile rule to give more veterans easy access to care
Today @MarkWarner &amp; I called for crude-by-rail safety investments. Derailments like the one in Lynchburg last April show why this is needed
 million people who now have affordable coverage prove that  and we're  
Congrats Sreya Atluri, Ryan McCrystal, Sabrina Melendez, Lauren Prox, Bhavjeet Sanghera &amp; Monica Saraf–VA students at ! 
Congrats to Tony Bennett and the Hoos on a fantastic season
Excited to watch @UVAMensHoops take on Michigan State!  
Congrats to @LibertyWBB on a great season!  
Wahoowa! 
Implementation of  in Virginia shows support for people with disabilities &amp; their families. Was proud to co-sponsor in the Senate.
 Last week, I stressed need to confirm an AG. This week, the Senate again chose not to  
Hoos ready for today’s game?? 
At 11 I’ll join @ASCOA to reflect on my return to Honduras &amp; how US can strengthen ties w/Latin America. Watch live:  
Can't miss Danville when driving north from Greensboro now! Happy we were able to help get these signs installed: 
Tough loss for the Rams in overtime. Congrats to @VCU on another great season.
And now that budget markup is over…
Pleased we did a budget on time, but the GOP Senate budget is not a viable blueprint for the country. My statement: 
In today’s Richmond Free Press, my thoughts on how recent events underscore why we must  now 
In honor of Prince Charles &amp; Duchess Camilla’s visit this week,  to when Her Majesty came to Jamestown's 400th 
Did you know that agriculture is Virginia's largest industry, employing over 300,000 workers? Make sure to thank a farmer this 
Troubled by reports of use of force against UVA student. Pleased law enforcement &amp; state officials are working to get answers
Glad I got a chance to chat with some Hokies on the Hill today! cc: @virginia_tech 
Grateful the @IndianCommittee approved our bill to grant recognition to 6 VA Indian tribes – one step closer to correcting a grave injustice
Heading to the first Senate budget markup session - will be focused on ways to achieve significant sequester relief for Virginia
.@SenSherrodBrown There are many superb performances, but one towers over all others.
.@SenSherrodBrown How about a tiebreaker? Best performance ever by a player in a single World Series?
.@SenSherrodBrown @WEWS Just took it &amp; also scored 7 of 8. I didn't know that Cap Anson started the tradition of Spring Training!
Horrific tragedy in Tunis today - thoughts &amp; prayers with loved ones of innocent people killed in this senseless attack
I have @VCURamNation upsetting Arizona &amp; @UVAMensHoops winning it all!    
Headed to a  Seapower hearing to hear about the vital role of @USNavy shipbuilding programs and how the FY16 budget can sustain them
Love starting off  with a @_HamptonU win! Congrats on advancing!
Met w/VA seafood reps today. I’m pleased DHS &amp; DOL took swift action following our letter but we need a long-term fix 
Why the wait? Loretta Lynch is an intelligent, experienced &amp; hard-working prosecutor ready to lead DOJ  
Happy St. Patrick's Day! 🍀
Thx to @RobKrupicka for his hard work on behalf of Northern Virginians. Grateful for his service –and for bringing @rvadonuts to Alexandria!
ICYMI, I joined @meetthepress yesterday to discuss the role Congress should play in a nuclear deal with Iran 
I'll join @meetthepress this morning to discuss Iran. Check your local listings &amp; tune in!
Watch @meetthepress tomorrow at 9AM for my interview on  and right vs wrong way for Congress to engage
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Meyera Oberndorf. She will be greatly missed by all who knew her &amp; the entire VA Beach community
Heading to the Senate floor to urge  my colleagues to  as Attorney General next week. Tune in: 
Proud to join @SenatorBoxer @SenGillibrand to intro bill to provide an independent advocate for survivors of sexual assault on every campus
I'll join @mitchellreports at 12:30 to discuss the right way for Congress to engage on Iran &amp; the need for a strong  vs ISIL Tune in
.@AGMarkHerring thx for your continued leadership addressing this epidemic at the state level
Met w/AG nominee Loretta Lynch &amp; remain impressed by her credentials. Sen must act swiftly to  next week 
Proud to intro bill to protect ‘Good Samaritans’ who administer opioid overdose drugs in emergency situations 
At today's  hearing, I renewed my call for a debate and vote on the  vs ISIL. Learn more: 
Proud to introduce bipartisan bill w/ @MarkWarner to authorize expansion of @PetersburgNPS, supporting tourism &amp; local economies in Virginia
10M kids across the US, including 196k in VA, rely on CHIP for quality, affordable health care. RT if you think we should 
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ the loved ones of the servicemembers who are missing after tragic helicopter accident in Florida.
I'll be participating in the  hearing on the new  vs ISIL now. Tune in: 
Tune in to @WTOP at 7:40AM for my interview on Iran &amp; hearing on  v ISIL. Listen here: 
I'll be on @Morning_Joe in just a few minutes to discuss the Iran nuclear negotiations &amp; today's hearing on new  v ISIL Tune in!
Heading to floor soon to discuss right vs wrong way for Congress to engage on nuclear negotiations w/Iran-watch here 
Tune in to @CNN at 5PM for my interview w/ @wolfblitzer on the critical need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on fight vs 
On  we celebrate all those who are working to achieve gender equality for women around the world &amp; pledge to do more
Anne &amp; I saw great projects &amp; spoke with bright students at  at @NysmithSchool in Herndon 
Headed to the K-12  Symposium at the @NysmithSchool in Herndon to see local students’ achievements in science, tech, engineering &amp; math
As we mark 50 yrs since the  I'm reflecting on last yrs powerful pilgrimage to  w/ @repjohnlewis &amp; Congressional colleagues
Excited for today’s Citizen Day project w/ @nvfs  SERVE Family Shelter in Manassas. We'll be distributing food to families in need
Proud to join with more than 200 colleagues to file a brief urging  to ensure equal marriage rights for all 
Tune in to the @JackGravelyShow at 10:05AM - we'll be talking   &amp; @TheJusticeDept report on Ferguson policing practices
I’ll join Jimmy Barrett on @1140WRVA to discuss  &amp; my push for an  vs ISIL 
Sintoniza a @lagrand1480 ahora para escuchar mi discussion con @demetriofloress sobre la reforma migratoria 
Sintoniza ahora a radio @Selecta1050 WVXX para mi entrevista sobre la ley de reforma de salud y la reforma migratoria 
In just a few minutes I'll be on Kiss FM w/ @CommunityClo to discuss . Tune in! 
Troubled by @TheJusticeDept report findings on discriminatory policing in Ferguson. Immediate changes must be made to address racial bias.
Glad to hear  Ambassador Mark Lippert is recovering and in great spirits. Thoughts and prayers are with him from Virginia.
Snow and ice all over the Commonwealth this morning. Please stay safe on your morning commute, everyone.
Thanks to my mayor &amp; longtime friend @dwightjonesrva for his service as chair of the @vademocrats!
George Grayson was a dedicated public servant, model community leader and exceptional scholar of Latin American studies. He will be missed.
Since 1901, @Sweetbriaredu has educated future leaders in all facets of American life. Saddened by news of the college’s closing.
The latest effort to attack the  in court is particularly heartless. Read my statement on  
Proud the Senate passed our resolution recognizing the importance of  in training our workforce to be ! Month
Congressional review of Iranian nuclear deal must be thoughtful &amp; deliberate rather than rushed &amp; partisan 
Senate R leadership’s move to fast track Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act contrary to important interests at stake 
I applaud the House for following the Senate’s lead in passing a clean bill to fully fund @DHSgov &amp; protect our national security
Faulty guardrails installed on VA highways have been linked to serious accidents. @MarkWarner &amp; I wrote to @USGAO urging an investigation
Proud to receive Policymaker of the Year Award from @actecareertech today! I'll continue my work in the Senate to strengthen .
Great meeting w/ @dstinc1913 sisters from VA to discuss important issues: HBCU's, , job training  
Joined bipartisan group of Sens. calling for strong action after murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov 
Vea mi entrevista con @jorgeramosnews sobre la reforma migratoria, , mi gira por Latinoamérica y más 
RT @RTDOpinions: A guest column from @timkaine on the need for "islands of mercy" - 
.@SenatorBarb has been an exemplary leader for the capital region &amp; the country. Wish her the best in her retirement at the end of this term
Read my @RTDNEWS op-ed on my recent visit to Honduras, where I worked w/ Jesuit missionaries 35 yrs ago 
Disgusted by wacky ad taken out against @ambassadorrice -irresponsible to attack someone who has devoted career to defending human rights.
RT @AlPunto: El senador @timkaine nos habla de México, Honduras, Colombia y las nuevas relaciones entre EEUU y Cuba.  …
Estaré en @AlPunto hoy a las 10am para discutir mi reciente visita a Latinoamérica y las relaciones entre EEUU y Cuba con @jorgeramosnews
En mi op-ed en @el_pais, recuerdo mi visita a Honduras y mi servicio en ese mismo pais con @JesuitasESP hace 35 años 
If House R’s are ready to talk about immigration reform bills, I’m all for it. But let’s have that debate w/out holding DHS funding hostage.
Pleased by strong bipartisan Senate vote to fund DHS – critical to protecting our national security. The House should swiftly pass this bill
Lea mi op-ed en @el_pais sobre mi visita reciente a Honduras: "Islas de Misericordia" 
Great Commonwealth Connection post titled "What's A SOTU?" by my Roanoke Valley regional director Gwen Mason: 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes! Including some great throwbacks cc: @MarkWarner @MAAlcala @HK_Schwartz
Many thanks to my staff for terrific bday gift - framed photo of my reunion w/dear Jesuit friends in Honduras last wk 
Loretta Lynch is a proven and effective leader with bipartisan support. It's time to  to lead the @TheJusticeDept as AG
Met w/ @UVA President Sullivan &amp; discussed  Relationships Act that I intro’d after meeting w/ UVA students 
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; group of bipartisan Senators to urge @DeptVetAffairs to improve Veterans Choice Card program 
Anthem will provide free identity protection services for more than 3million subscribers in VA following data breach 
RT @MarkWarner: With 17K+ Va employees facing furlough, discussed need for clean DHS bill w/ @ffxfirerescue Chief Bowers &amp; @TimKaine http:/…
Thanks to .@fairfaxcounty Fire Chief Richard Bowers for joining me &amp; @MarkWarner to urge Republicans to fund @DHSgov 
This evening, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the @thebplibrary in Bristol from 5-7:30PM to help with casework &amp; answer Qs
I'll be joining @brianandmari at 8:08AM to discuss  &amp; need for release of regulations on oil trains. Tune in: 
Saddened by passing of D-Day veteran Bob Sales. Honored to meet him last yr when he was awarded Legion of Honor Medal 
70 yrs ago today, 6 servicemembers raised US flag over Japanese island of Iwo Jima. Proud to have the memorial in VA 
Lean este articulo en @eltiempolatino sobre mi visita a Honduras, donde trabaje con misioneros Jesuitas hace 35 años 
RT @JoseDavidName: Recibimos en el Congreso al Senador de los Estados Unidos Tim Kaine, quien llegó a Colombia a conocer… …
Honored to meet w/Colombian President Santos on day when Bernie Aronson named US Special Envoy to peace talks w/FARC 
RT @DaveRess1:  Back at the missionary school where he once taught, @TimKaine talks about  needs, progress …
RT @feyalegriahn: La nota de la visita del Senador Tim Kaine, en uno de nuestros Centros Educativos. 
RT @WZDCTelemundo: Senador Tim Kaine de visita en Honduras  via @holaciudad 
 to teaching carpentry class at Instituto Tecnico Loyola in 1980 
Warm welcome from current Instituto Tecnico Loyola students during my visit back to campus yesterday @… 
Happy Birthday to my friend Senator John Warner, a dedicated public servant and true model of bipartisanship.
Helo with @johncornyn and Ambassador Nealon to JTF-Bravo in Soto Cano 
Touched &amp; humbled by the welcome at Instituto Technico Loyola this morning in El Progreso; taught here 35 yrs ago 
Had chance to attend Ash Wednesday mass at church I went to when I lived in El Progreso-wonderful to see so many friends &amp;  familiar faces
One more pic from earlier today in Chamelecón - 
Had dinner w/Honduras-based business leaders affiliated w/AmCham-helpful insight on Honduran economic situation 
At FUNADEH-another @USAID-supported outreach center for at-risk youth working to provide opps for them in Honduras 
Visited @USAID-supported outreach center in Chamelecón-impt work being done to expand opportunities for local youth 
Arrived in Honduras-excited to be back! Hard to believe it's been 35yrs since I worked here. Heading to @USAID project in San Pedro Sula
Wrapped up productive visit to Mexico w/ @JohnCornyn this AM-focus was econ &amp; security issues. Read more here 
Met w/Foreign Secretary Meade yesterday-good discussion re US-Mexico econ &amp; security relationship &amp; regional affairs 
RT @JohnCornyn: Talking security and law enforcement cooperation w Director Imaz at CISEN w Amb Wayne and Sen Kaine 
CODEL to Latin America w/@JohnCornyn off to great start. Met with/ AmCham in Mexico City re energy reform earlier 
Reading the Virginia weather reports from abroad. Please be safe on the roads today &amp; tomorrow.
RT @firstfiveyears: Sen. @timkaine: Why Expanding Access to Pre-K Is a Smart Investment   
Sintoniza ahora a mi entrevista con @EspuelasVox sobre el financiamiento del @DHSgov y mi visita a Latinoamérica! 
Cool news-Assateague Island &amp; Chincoteague Island will be featured on @travelchannel's 101 Sand &amp; Sun Hotspots this Sunday starting at 7pm!
Tomorrow, members of my staff will be at the Hampton Roads Service Academy &amp;  Information Day. More info:

¡No esperes! Tu última oportunidad para cobertura en 2015: Inscríbete antes del 15 de febrero.  
Don’t wait! Your last chance for 2015 coverage – enroll by Feb 15th at @HealthCareGov.  
Glad to join @MarkWarner to announce $30M grant from @HUDgov to ensure more Virginians have access to safe, affordable housing
Proud to support funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which protects health care coverage for more than 196k kids in VA
ICYMI: Watch my press conference w/ @RepAdamSchiff on the the President’s draft  against  
Honduras stop has special significance for me-spent yr working w/Jesuits at technical school in El Progreso; excited to return there next wk
Excited to be heading to Mexico, Honduras &amp; Colombia next wk; trip focused on trade &amp; economic issues as well as immigration &amp; security
Glad the Senate confirmed Ash Carter as .  He’s a proven leader w/ deep Pentagon experience &amp; a firm commitment to our servicemembers
Proud to join @SenatorBaldwin &amp; @senrobportman to intro bipartisan bill to ensure students are college &amp; career-ready 
Why Expanding Access to Pre-K Is a Smart Investment:  
I visited Lewis &amp; Clark Elementary in Ruther Glen recently to learn about the success of their Pre-K program 
Look forward to speaking w/ @MegynKelly about my 7+ mo push for new AUMF vs ISIL &amp; the President's proposal announced today-tune in at 9
Will be on @PBS @NewsHour soon to discuss my push for a debate &amp; vote on the mission vs  &amp; today's  proposal from the President
RT @RepDonBeyer: Proud to stand with @timkaine @MarkWarner @RobWittman @repbobbyscott @GerryConnolly for  tribes. …
VA’s Indian tribes have played an integral role in our history. Proud to renew push for long-overdue fed recognition 
Read my full statement on the President’s proposed Authorization for Use of Military Force: 
President Obama has taken an important step in defining the US role in the fight vs ISIL. Now Congress must debate &amp; vote on this mission.
Tune in now to @jfradioshow for my interview on -we owe it to our servicemembers to vote on the mission vs ISIL  
Tune in to @cnn in 5 minutes for my discussion w/ @ChrisCuomo on what I hope to see from the WH on authorizing the fight vs 
Will be on @NPR's @MorningEdition at 6:45 to discuss my hopes for   expected to be sent to Congress soon 
Proud that @k12albemarle, Charlottesville City &amp; Fluvanna County public schools received $3M federal Investing in Innovation grant for !
GOP is blocking @DHSgov funds b/c they disagree w/ POTUS actions to boost border security &amp; shield children from deportation
Spoke w/ @maddow last night about  we hope to see from WH this wk; it's time to debate &amp; vote on war vs ISIL  
This evening, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the @thebplibrary in Bristol from 5-7:30PM to help with casework &amp; answer Qs
Read this @NewsInTheBurg editorial on my efforts to expand Pre-K &amp; why it's a good investment for all of us 
Tune in now to @1070WINA! We'll be discussing my bill to help prevent sexual assault - based on ideas from students 
I'll be on @msnbc w/ @maddow tonight to discuss why it's so important for Congress to put its thumbprint on the US military mission vs ISIL
Pleased @Botticelli44 was confirmed Director of National Drug Control Policy. Look fwd to working w/him to address opioid abuse crisis in VA
Wishing two great Virginia public servants, @TerryMcAuliffe &amp; @JimWebbUSA, a very happy birthday!
Tune in this hour to @hereandnow for my interview on the need to authorize the military mission against  
RT @GovernorVA: Congrats to VA Beach's own @Pharrell for winning 3 . Thx for your commitment to VA and supporting STEM across the C…
Tune into @CNNsotu at 9AM for my intv w/ @DanaBashCNN on need for new  &amp; importance of debate &amp; vote in Congress on US mission vs 
Looking forward to the  game!  @UVAMensHoops
Thrilled @Pontifex will address Congress this fall. His message has renewed the spirit of so many Catholics around the world.
On my way to the National Prayer Breakfast - unique gathering of leaders from around the world united in prayer
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the Kibler Library in Stanley. More info: 
Good news! VA was recognized by @USGBC as number 4 out of  states in 2014 with 150 new certifications: 
I urge Leader McConnell &amp; Speaker Boehner to fund @DHSgov, then we can have a constructive debate on immigration reform.
Blocking @DHSgov funding is unacceptable- it would negatively impact employees in Virginia &amp; across the country working to keep us safe.
Great to meet bright @WoodbridgeHS &amp; @WarhillHigh students w/ great projects at my  student fair last night! 
Heading to  hearing on Dr. Ash Carter's nomination for Secretary of Defense. He is the right person to lead the @DeptofDefense
It's always great to catch up with fellow Richmonder @nbcaaron! Watch our interview at 11:00am on @nbcwashington 
Back in studio with @WTOP! Tune in at 7:50am as we discuss my new bill to help combat sexual assault and domestic violence
Tune in to @fox5newsdc at 7:30am for my interview with @stevechenevey &amp; @Fox5DCAllison on the  Relationships Act
At 6:40 I'll join @morning_joe to discuss ISIL threat, my push for congress to authorize US mission + why it's critical that we fund DHS
Emocionado por anuncio del @Pontifex_es al reconocer que el arzobispo salvadoreño Oscar Romero murió como mártir de la fe católica
Expressed concern over lack of women represented on military compensation &amp; benefits panel at today's  hearing 
Thx to @clairecmc for cosponsoring  Relationships Act! We agree schools should play a role in promoting safe relationship behavior
Grateful to @OneLessUVA members who shared their thoughts on how education can be a key tool for preventing sexual assault 
Proud to introduce  Relationships Act to help prevent sexual assault &amp; domestic violence through education 
RT @VASchoolBoards: Members from VA school boards meet w/ Senators @MarkWarner &amp; @TimKaine to talk ESEA reauthorization &amp; edu funding. http…
.@MarkWarner &amp; I met w/ @VASchoolBoards today to discuss how to best serve the needs of students in the Commonwealth 
Heading to the Senate floor to make the case for a clean DHS funding bill. Tune in. 
Great visit to Lewis &amp; Clark elementary to learn about its successful pre-k program &amp; interact w/ some great kids! 
From James Armistead to Arthur Ashe, let's take  to remember how much African-Americans have shaped the Commonwealth
I'll be cheering on Richmond's own @DangeRussWilson &amp; the @Seahawks tonight! Who are you rooting for?  
Disappointed @vcuramnation didn't get the win today, but still had a fun afternoon cheering them on at the Siegel Center 
Looking forward to @UVaHooCrew &amp; the No. 2 @UVAMensHoops hosting @Duke_MBB tonight ! 
Look forward to joining @mikemosswtop &amp; @JoanJWTOP at 8:40AM for a discussion on my Pre-K bill &amp; more. Tune in! 
Sintoniza ahora radio WVXX para mi entrevista con @Selecta1050 
I’m pleased  followed my recommendation to survey servicemembers on their preferences on pay &amp; benefits 
Read my statement on the Military Compensation &amp; Retirement Modernization Commission report released today  
Honored to have 3 fmr Sec/State Henry Kissinger, George Shultz &amp; @madeleine Albright at  hrg &amp; get their take on new  vs ISIL
As Governor, I championed early childhood education by increasing Pre-K enrollment by 40% in VA. Proud to continue this work in the Senate
Proud to introduce the PRE-K Act, a bill to expand access to high-quality early learning programs for children 
The yearly wage gap in VA is unacceptable: $10,908. The gap is bad for families &amp; bad for our economy. We must commit to closing the gap.
6 yrs ago today the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law. We have more work ahead to build on this success &amp; close the wage gap.
My @wamu885 interview on need to authorize the fight vs ISIL will air again now. Tune in! 
Tune into @wamu885 tomorrow at 6:50AM for my interview on the need to authorize the fight vs ISIL 
Great meeting with @VAMentoring to hear about their work on improving youth mentoring in the Commonwealth! 
Enjoyed meeting with Dr. Ash Carter in advance of his confirmation hearing next week to be our next Sec. Def. 
At today's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, I called on Congress to reverse sequestration cuts. Watch here: 
Applaud @RepAdamSchiff for intro of  in House similar to what SFRC passed. Impt to keep pressure on for action 
It was a busy day of meetings w/ General Loeben, General Dunford, &amp; General Kelly to discuss national security issues 
Joined Senate Dem colleagues today to call on @McConnellPress to pass clean Dept of Homeland Security funding bill 
Watch my video about Kaine Connects office hours which are held across Virginia then RT to spread the word! 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I will keep pushing for VA to get a share of revenue from energy resources developed off our shores, just like Gulf states do
.@Interior’s draft strategy is a significant step that should result in the safe, responsible development of energy resources off VA’s coast
On  we remember the millions of lives lost, honor the survivors &amp; recommit to fighting evil &amp; intolerance 
Agree w/Pat Bower's @newsadvance LTE-we need a vote on US military action vs ISIL. I will keep pushing for new  
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the North River Library in Bridgewater. More info: 
A critical partnership RT @MarkWarner Strengthening US &amp; India ties: Chalein saath saath - "Forward together we go."
Met w/ @fredhochberg to express my continued support for the important work @EximBankUS does for Virginia businesses 
Roads in Northern Virginia are still icy after last night. Be careful this morning!
I love seeing Chincoteague in the running for America’s Coolest Small Town! Vote here:  
On Wednesday, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the @MassRegLibrary. More info: 
The DISCLOSE Act would make overdue changes to campaign laws by bringing transparency to political spending:  
After promising an open amendment process, I’m disappointed Sen. McConnell refused to allow debate on amendments 
RT @RepScottRigell: Good to hear @timkaine on with @RobWittman this morning.  We really work well as a delegation.
Tune in now to the @jfradioshow! @RobWittman &amp; I will be discussing military readiness &amp; priorities for Virginia 
Saddened by passing of King Abdullah. Visited Saudi Arabia this past weekend -I hope our partnership will continue to grow under King Salman
Honored to be the keynote speaker at the @alexvachamber 2015 Chairman’s Community Reception &amp; Annual Meeting tonight!
I'll be on the @jfradioshow live w/ @RobWittman to discuss military readiness issues &amp; priorities tomorrow at 8:09AM 
42 years after Roe v. Wade, we must continue protecting access to family-planning services - an essential part of women’s health care.
Congrats to @McConnellWTOP on celebrating 50 years at @WTOP this week! Here’s to many more years of his thoughtful, fair reporting
Read this @LTMnews piece on how @MarkWarner &amp; I are reaching across the aisle to get results for Virginia 
Why did it take so long for help to arrive? What caused the electric arcing? I’ll keep pressing for answers as the investigation moves fwd
Following last night’s briefing from @NTSB and @wmata, many questions remain about the cause of last week's fatal Metro incident
RT @lourdesmeluza: . @timkaine D-Va dice que era importante que @BarackObama pidiera al Congreso que autorice fuerza militar contra  A…
Heading to a meeting w/ @wmata &amp; @NTSB officials on last week’s Metro incident to gather more info on what caused this preventable tragedy
¡Fue un placer discutir temas importantes para los Virginianos y Estadounidenses con @lourdesmeluza! 
RT @MarkWarner: Entire Virginia delegation stands together in calling on the @USNavy to maintain 11 aircraft carriers. …
Maintaining an 11 aircraft carrier fleet is critical to our nation's military readiness &amp; flexibility 
As an attorney, I worked to  for nearly two decades &amp; I urge  to do the same 
Read my statement on the President's State of the Union Address  
Not only did Lisa drive from Botetourt County to be my  guest, she brought cookies from Mrs. Rowe’s in Staunton! 
Happy to welcome my special guest for the , Lisa Barnett, Coordinator of  for @BCPS_tweets 
RT @MichelleSLerner: The Educating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act is back. Thanks @timkaine and @robportman 
Look forward to sitting w/ @senrobportman at tonight’s  as we continue our commitment to growing a talented workforce through 
High-quality  programs train students for 21st century jobs. That's why I intro’d Educating Tmrw’s Workforce Act 
What issues do you want the President to address in his  speech tonight?
Take a moment to read this @PilotNews article on my bipartisan congressional delegation visit to the Middle East 
RT @jennasjems:  Co. educator attending  address as @timkaine guest   …
Today we celebrate the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. &amp; honor his legacy of non-violent social change &amp; justice 
Watch and RT my video greeting in honor of  

Marilyn Tavenner oversaw historic expansion of health insurance &amp; improvement in quality of hospital care. Grateful for her work at @CMSGov
Entrepreneurs &amp; foreign students who are educated at American universities should be able to pursue career opportunities here 
Proud to join bipartisan group of colleagues to intro the  to jumpstart investment &amp; job creation 
RT @VASecofEdu: Congrats to @BCPS_tweets educator Lisa Barnett, who will attend the State of the Union as a guest of @timkaine: …
Read my @bluevirginia blog post on why  threatens to reverse the gains we’ve made in clean energy 
I join many Virginians in thanking Toddy Puller for decades of friendship &amp; public service to the Commonwealth 
Pleased Norfolk State will play an important role in developing a skilled workforce prepared to handle our nation’s cyber challenges
.@VP Joe Biden's visit to Norfolk State to announce $25M for cybersecurity training highlights the immense talent we have in Virginia
With 1 million+ VA workers w/out paid sick leave, I'm glad the President will announce initiatives to support working parents 
Great news &amp; long overdue. For the first time, the @USArmy will allow women to participate in Ranger school 
Joined @MarkWarner to introduce bill to reform Congress’ budgeting process by requiring enactment of two-year budgets
RT @wsls:  Senator Tim Kaine invites Botetourt County educator to State of the Union. 
Excited to announce that Lisa Barnett,  coordinator for Botetourt County Public Schools, will be my guest for 
RT @wmata: Guidance for passengers whose belongings were left behind during L'Enfant Plaza Station evacuation  

…
Saddened to hear of the passing of Cabell Brand, a champion of the poor &amp; the underserved who will leave a lasting legacy on Virginia
Pleased the President’s announcement includes $25M in grants for cybersecurity education at 13 HBCUs, including Norfolk State University
Discussed ways to improve service to vets in Hampton Roads &amp; across Virginia w/ @DeptVetAffairs Sec. Robert McDonald 
Friends, allies, partners for more than 230 years. Signing the French Embassy condolence book in the Capitol. 
Look fwd to discussing  &amp; what to expect from the 114th Congress w/ @WHRO's @CathyLewisTalks at 12:05 
On  we’re grateful for the economic, social &amp; cultural contributions from the Korean community in Virginia &amp; across the US
Asked for full briefing on investigation into yesterday’s tragic Metro emergency. Lot of Qs on what’s being done to ensure passenger safety.
I'll be on @RumbleFM99 in 5 minutes to discuss what to expect in the 114th Congress! Tune in: 
Approving  is a market signal to expand production of dirty tar sands oil. That’s why I’m voting no 

We have to be cleaner tomorrow than we are today RT if you agree that  takes us backwards not forwards 
I plan to vote against the  pipeline. Heading to the Senate floor soon to explain why. Tune in now! 
Congrats to VA National Guard WWII Army veteran Cary Jarvis for being decorated as a Knight of Legion of Honor by the French Government
From Virginia, I stand with the million world citizens marching against fear in Paris today 
Great win @VCU! Let's continue a good day of Virginia basketball with @ODUMBB &amp; @UVAMensHoops victories tonight!
Heartfelt congratulations to the Sri Lankan people on successful elections- a historic step toward a more democratic &amp; prosperous Sri Lanka
RT @A_Galooz: @timkaine @VAStateParks I'm partial to the York River State Park, myself
RT @Paradox13VA: @timkaine @VAStateParks Balls Bluff Regional park. Most significant unknown battle of the Civil War. Smallest Nat'l Cemete…
RT @addietime: @timkaine @VAStateParks Sky Meadows State Park - great hiking!
Thanks to  54 million seniors &amp; people with disabilities in America have access to health care 
Congrats to David Cohn of Charlottesville &amp; Caleb Visser of Williamsburg on being selected for the US Senate Youth Program!
Pleased by news that Nulife Glass will invest $ to establish its first VA operation in the City of Bristol, bringing jobs to the region
.@VAStateParks continued a six-year trend by setting a new attendance record with  visitors in 2014. What's your favorite park in VA?
Tune in now to the @kojoshow for my discussion with Tom and Patrick on what to expect in the 114th Congress! 
I applaud the President for his proposals to fund  programs &amp; make two years of community college free to responsible students
Good news! We continue to see private sector job growth. 2014 was the best year of job growth since 1999. 
I'll be on the @kojoshow's Politics Hour at 12:45PM to discuss what's ahead in the 114th Congress. Tune in! 
We’ve been at war w/ ISIL for 5 mos w/out Congressional authorization. Further delay sets dangerous precedent &amp; dishonors our servicemembers
Impressed by thoughtful foreign policy questions from @williamandmary students I met with today. Thx for visiting! 
RT @MarkWarner: Senate passes the bipartisan  ensuring our economy won’t suffer additional shocks in the unfortunate event of an attack
I’m honored to support our servicemembers &amp; defense community as Ranking Member of the Readiness Subcmte alongside Chairwoman @KellyAyotte
Take a moment to read this piece on the harmful effects tar sands could have on communities if  is approved: 
In a few minutes I'll be on @KissRichmond w/ @CommunityClo to discuss priorities for the 114th Congress. Tune in! 
Sintoniza ahora radio @Selecta1050 WVXX para mi entrevista sobre la nueva sesión del congreso! 
Proud to co-sponsor the  to . All couples deserve the same protections &amp; benefits under the law.
.@politigamer No - I oppose  because we have a responsibility to generate cleaner energy tomorrow than we do today.
Congrats to @kmurphyva on her  victory! Her experience in community leadership &amp; passion for education will serve VA well
Intro’d a bill to allow prescription drug price negotiation in Medicare. Would cut costs for seniors &amp; save billions 
Joined @SenJohnBarrasso to intro bipartisan bill to streamline American energy exports &amp; help create jobs. Learn more 
Heart goes out to people of France, our oldest ally, after vicious terrorist attack today in Paris.
Follow me on Instagram to keep up with my work and travels throughout the Commonwealth: @timkaine 
.@MarkWarner I'm optimistic about the bipartisan work we will do together for Virginia in the 114th Congress!
.@MarkWarner &amp; I are now accepting applications for the position of  Attorney for the Western District of VA 
A lot of snow across Northern Virginia this morning. Please stay safe on the roads, everyone.
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of Virginia:  
Take a few moments to read my note to constituents summarizing my first two years serving Virginia in the US Senate: 
Wishing you all a happy, healthy &amp; prosperous New Year! I look forward to another rewarding year serving the Commonwealth.
Warm wishes for a Merry Christmas from my family to yours! 
I hope you’re all enjoying a peaceful Christmas Eve with your loved ones. Have a blessed night!
Sent letter to @SecBurwell on strategy to prevent opioid abuse, an epidemic in VA I've been working to address 
Joined VA delegation to urge consideration of @JBLEnews for @AFSpace’s Cyber Operations Squadron 
.@MatSheltonEide thanks!
Took a break from Christmas shopping this afternoon to play Johnny B. Goode with Santa in Carytown. 
Senseless killing of 2  officers last night absolutely heartbreaking. Thoughts and prayers with their families and loved ones.
Watch my holiday greeting to our  to thank them for all they do &amp; wish them a joyous holiday season 
Battlefield preservation helps drive local economic growth &amp; helps preserve the rural character of fast-growing communities in 
Great news! My bipartisan battlefield protection bill was signed into law by the President today. Learn more: 
.@RepScottRigell Happy to have you as a partner as we work to address sea level rise.
Hosted great Citizen Day volunteer initiative w/ Colonial Heights Food Pantry to distribute food to residents in need 
 to being 1st VA Gov to not wear a jacket in his portrait; fun to have my staff take a Capitol tour in RVA Monday 
Great tour of Fort Eustis's state-of-the-art simulators that provide our servicemembers with… 
Reducing veterans unemployment is 1 of my top priorities. Proud to hear about @USArmy's work to improve credentialing 
Visited home-raising projects in Norfolk w/city officials &amp; @USACEHQ-clear evidence of challenges from sea level rise 
Joined @LGRalphNortham &amp; local leaders to talk workforce development &amp; economic growth in Melfa this morning 
Great discussion with Chincoteague small business leaders at the scenic @TheJackspotVA 
Thanks to good planning &amp; swift response from first responders, damage to @NASA_Wallops was limited after explosion 
I toured the @NASA_Wallops launch pad today and met w/ stakeholders to discuss progress on repairs. 
Nuestra relación con  no va a cambiar de un día al otro pero el diálogo abierto es más eficaz que el aislamiento 
Estoy muy contento sobre el anuncio de la liberación de Alan Gross y le deseo lo mejor mientras se reúne con familia 
Our relationship w/ Cuba will not change overnight but engagement rather than isolation is more effective at advancing democratic values
I'm overjoyed  by news that Alan Gross will return home to his family &amp; loved ones. Read my statement: 
On my way to business roundtable w/ @chincochamber &amp; local leaders to discuss impact of the Antares launch failure on the local economy
Heading to visit a key Virginia asset -  @NASA_Wallops - to tour the launch pad &amp; get an update on repairs.
Glad VA will receive $ from @CMSGov to improve quality of healthcare-I wrote letter of support for award 
.@VASecofEdu  Challenge completed! Take a moment to visit  for some fun tutorials! 
Orgulloso de apoyar la confirmación de Sarah Saldaña a Directora de @wwwicegov. Es la más calificada para hacer cumplir nuestras leyes.
Proud Senate confirmed Sarah Saldaña today as @wwwicegov Dir-right person to enforce our laws as we work to fix broken immigration system
Happy Hanukkah! Warmest wishes to all who will be celebrating over the next eight nights.
.@smashingwalnuts @MarkWarner So proud to have worked w/ you on securing funds for pediatric cancer research.
Heading to floor to discuss significant, yet overdue, progress made on ISIL ; need to finish process early '15 
Haul out the holly &amp; put up the tree! Mt Rodgers Tree Farm in Grayson Co has brought Christmas cheer to our office. 
Proud to support Dr. Vivek Murthy's nomination for @Surgeon_General. I know improving American public health will be his guiding principle.
I've asked @usedgov to disclose consistent gaps in sexual assault policies to help colleges make needed changes 
A very happy birthday to my friend and favorite senior Senator, @markwarner. Heres to many more years of public service to VA &amp; our country
Congratulations @uvamensoccer on your 7th national title! 
I accept @VASecofEdu's  Challenge! Visit  to learn about the challenge &amp; the basics of coding.
Happy 378th birthday @NationalGuard! Honored to serve as commander-in-chief of @VaNationalGuard as Gov. Humbled by their sacrifice 
Bittersweet - last defense bill to come out of @SenCarlLevin-led Armed Services Cmte. True honor to serve under his leadership past 2 yrs.
Proud to cast my vote for a defense bill that will benefit VA &amp; the defense community in so many ways-specifics here 
Had a consult with @drgridlock yesterday. Looking forward to his column ahead of Sunday's 95 Express Lanes opening 
Pleased National Defense Authorization Act cleared key Senate hurdle and will now advance to a vote on final passage 
Today we finally did our jobs after 4+ months of military action against ISIL. @US_SFRC passage is big step, but full Congress must now vote
Proud of my work w/ @MarkWarner to secure $20M for @NASA_Wallops that will help w/ repairs following launch failure 
Starting @US_SFRC markup of an ISIL  - happy we've made real progress here. Watch live 
I'll be on @FM99WNOR w/@RumbleFM99 in 5 min to discuss why Congress must debate &amp; vote on military force against ISIL 
I'll be on @1070WINA in 5 min to discuss need for Congressional authorization for military mission against ISIL 
Tune in to @1140WRVA at 7:35AM for my take on why Congress must debate &amp; vote on use of military force against ISIL  
Read my @LTMnews op-ed on why Congress owes it to our servicemembers to debate &amp; vote on military action against ISIL 
Honored to be part of @USGLC tribute dinner tonight w/ my colleague @KellyAyotte &amp; @RajShah - great celebration of US global leadership
RT @OKnox: Join me at 2 pm today on Sirius XM "POTUS" Channel 124: @Isikoff on the torture report, @timkaine on Islamic State AUMF (1/2)
Look fwd to joining @OKnox on @SIRIUSXM at 2:40PM to discuss my push for debate &amp; vote on authorization for military mission against ISIL
Investing in early childhood education helps close the achievement gap between children of all backgrounds 
Thrilled that VA will receive a $17M Preschool Development Grant - I wrote a letter of support in October to @usedgov 
Heading to 95 Express Lanes ribbon cutting in Alexandria - proud to have started such an important infrastructure project as Governor
Today at 2:00PM @US_SFRC will hear from Sec. @JohnKerry on the authorization for use of military force to defeat ISIL 
Look fwd to discussing sea level rise &amp; climate change impact on VA w/ @WHRO's @CathyLewisTalks at 12:05. Tune in: 
I'll be on @Morning_Joe on @msnbc in 5 min to discuss today's hearing &amp; upcoming Cmte vote to authorize the mission against ISIL. Tune in!
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 6:40AM tomorrow for our discussion on the upcoming hearing &amp; Cmte vote to authorize the mission against ISIL
Watch my discussion w/ @ChrisCuomo on @NewDay on upcoming hearing &amp; Cmte vote to authorize the mission against ISIL 
Tune in to CNN @NewDay at 7:15AM for my take on what to expect this week as the Foreign Relations Cmte finally debates mission against ISIL
As Virginians, we know Indian tribes have played an integral role
in the commonwealth &amp; the country's history

Read my op-ed on why Virginia's Indian tribes deserve federal
recognition: 
A date which will live in infamy. May we never forget the Americans who sacrificed their lives that fateful day 73 years ago 
Excited for the @UVAMensHoops vs @VCURamNation game today at 2PM in ! Who are you rooting for, Cavaliers or Rams?
RT @InternationalWM: @williamandmary students Lu Sevier, Justin DeShazor &amp; Rob Marty presented their @AidData research to @timkaine http://…
It’s great to be back at W&amp;M! Thx @VACoastalPolicy &amp; @VIMS_News for inviting me to come talk about sea level rise &amp; its impact on VA
RT @WMLawSchool: Today: Senator @timkaine gives keynote at W&amp;M Flooding &amp; Coastal Change in  event    @…
I believe Ash Carter is the right person for the job &amp; urge my colleagues to swiftly confirm him 
Happy to see so many friends in Richmond tonight as we celebrate 25 years since Gov. Doug Wilder’s historic election! 
Congrats to Beth Royals of Henrico County, who won the 47th Pillsbury Bake-Off on Wednesday! 
After writing letter of support to @USAID, pleased @virginia_tech received $18M award to research eco-friendly pest &amp; disease control
Look forward to a thoughtful discussion tomorrow at @WMLawSchool forum on the challenges that sea level rise presents to the Commonwealth
Read my response to today’s @DeptofDefense Report to the President on Sexual Assault Prevention and Response 
I’ve called for debate &amp; vote on military action since June b/c we owe it to our troops &amp; American public. Cmte hearing &amp; vote is big step
We will finally have the opportunity to engage in a meaningful, public debate on the US military mission against ISIL 
Tune into @msnbc now for my discussion w/@mitchellreports on why Congress should not adjourn w/o a debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL
I'll be on @jfradioshow shortly to discuss need to debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL before Congress adjourns 
Tune in to @fox5newsdc in 5mins - I'll be joining Steve &amp; Allison to talk about Congress' unacceptable silence on the mission against ISIL
I'll be in-studio w/ @WTOP at 7:10 to make the case for why we need to debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL 
Tune in to @wusa9 at 6:45 for my take on why Congress should not adjourn w/o a debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL
Pleased my bipartisan battlefield protection bill was included in NDAA &amp; will head to House &amp; Senate floors 
@BRMacJR @VetArtistProg Thank you for your hard work highlighting veterans' creativity &amp; for featuring VA artists!
Met w/ @VetArtistProg president @BRMacJR to discuss the art exhibit I'm hosting in the capitol feat. artists from VA 
Will speak on the floor soon on why Congress should not adjourn w/ out a debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL 
Read my statement on the compromise defense bill &amp; the many provisions that support servicemembers &amp; civilians in VA 
Proud we are top provider of humanitarian aid but US &amp; international community must do more to address crisis in 
UN World Food Program’s announcement that it is suspending assistance efforts due to a lack of resources is a reminder of crisis in 
Pleased by Senate passage of the  Accountability Act. Proud to work on this bipartisan bill intro’d by @MarkWarner &amp; @RobWittman
I submitted suggestions to improve @EPA’s Clean Power Plan for states like VA that have taken steps to become cleaner 
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the Park Place Community Center in Norfolk. More info: 
Great visit to Ashburn to learn about @gwNURSING's high-quality training for in-demand healthcare professionals 
Saddened to hear about the passing of Bill Bosher. My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the family of this dedicated educator and public servant.
Excited for my visit to 's Virginia Science and Technology Campus in Ashburn to speak w/ @gwNURSING students this afternoon!
Don't forget to support Virginia's small businesses today! 
Wishing everyone a ! I'm thankful for our servicemembers who sacrifice to keep us safe. What are you thankful for today?
Proud to continue my work w/ @MarkWarner to support policies that protect  from abusive financial practices  
Rain and snow throughout the Commonwealth all day. Please stay safe on the roads, everyone! Happy travels
Honored to interview John Napolitano, a former @USMC Corporal, for the Veterans History Project. Watch here: 
Thankful to John Watkins, my Senator for many years, for his 34 years of service &amp; for working across the aisle for the benefit of Virginia
Take a few minutes to check out , , or call 1-800-318-2596 to learn about ways to 
Read my statement on the grand jury verdict in Missouri 
Read my statement on the Iran nuclear negotiations: 
Thankful for  Chuck Hagel’s leadership through an extremely challenging time in our nation’s history 
Proud to lead congressional delegation to @HFXforum along w/ @SenJohnMcCain. Follow along w/  for our discussion on security issues
After hearing from miners in VA, proud to introduce bill w/ @MarkWarner to reform black lung disease benefits system 
I support the President addressing immigration w/in existing legal authority-as every president since Eisenhower has done 
Apoyo la  que tomara el Presidente para mantener unidas a las familias 
 will keep many families together by allowing individuals to work &amp; contribute to society without fear of deportation
Read my statement on why I support  on immigration which will benefit millions living in the US 
Americans need a @Surgeon_General with the skills to address modern day public health threats. Dr. Vivek Murthy would be an excellent choice
Great to meet Dr. Vivek Murthy today and proud to support his nomination for @Surgeon_General 
It was a honor to deliver the keynote address at @Middleeastinst's  Annual Banquet  
Happy that my friend @repbobbyscott was elected ranking member of @edworkforcedems! He'll be an excellent leader.
Pleased Joint Base Langley-Eustis is a finalist for @usairforce support center that could bring 350 jobs to Hampton 
I was happy to join the VA business community &amp; friends from the bipartisan VA congressional delegation at the @VAChamber luncheon today!
RT @NRDC: @timkaine, thank you for standing up for our clean air, clean water and health and voting against the  pipeline!
We're in open enrollment season! Virginians who are not covered can find a plan that meets their needs at  
Looking fwd to great conversation w/ @repadamschiff at @DefenseOne Summit on need for new AUMF to combat ISIL &amp; other security threats
Cheers to Spain for approving a bill to establish an elective democracy 38 years ago today! Proud of our partnership through @usspaincouncil
The Senate made the right decision.  is not in our economic, national security or environmental interest 
Heading to the Senate floor to make the case against . Watch my speech live here 
Sea level rise –caused in part by carbon pollution- poses staggering challenges to Hampton Roads. That’s one reason why I oppose 
Read my @washingtonpost op-ed on how approving  would hurt our nation’s work to reduce carbon emissions 
After all we have done to be cleaner tomorrow than today, why would we embrace a technology that is a huge backslide? 
Educational exchanges &amp; international students connect VA to the entire world. For this, we recognize International Education Week 
 would transport tar sands oil, which is 15-20% dirtier than conventional oil. That's why I'm voting no.
Today at 4:15 I'll be taking the floor to discuss why  is not in our national interest. Watch 
Appalled to learn of attack on synagogue in Jerusalem. My heart goes out to victims, families &amp; people of Israel right now.
RT @VASecofEdu: A great time for a good cause with @timkaine, Garth and Max Larsen at Max's @PositiveVibeRVA on Friday:  …
Reforms in the high-skill visa program will help VA businesses struggling to find qualified individuals to fill jobs 
Proud to co-sponsor bill to grow our talented workforce by creating up to 15K visas for high-skilled Korean workers 
Had a blast playing harmonica and guest bartending for a great cause at @PositiveVibeRVA this weekend! 
Welcome home to the sailors of the USS George  Bush &amp; the USS Truxtun! Thank you for your service.
Fue un gusto reunirme con Padre Melo para discutir los derechos humanos y la oportunidad económica en Centroamérica 
Great meeting w/ Padre Melo yesterday to discuss human rights &amp; economic opportunity in Central America. 
Proud to have received @The_Dialogue's Award for Public Service in the Americas! 
Honored to be presented w/ the American Voice Award by @arenastage for my support of the arts &amp; arts education! 
RT @TheWilsonCenter: Do the existing AUMFs authorize our conflict with ISIL? Should they? Video:  …
When you don’t have the debate, you force people to risk their lives without a consensus that the mission is worth it 
Proud to extend passenger rail to Lynchburg as Gov. Now I can’t wait to ride @Amtrak to Roanoke! Thx to all who have worked on the expansion
I'll be at @TheWilsonCenter at 10am to discuss the need for congressional authorization for action against ISIL Watch 
Rain didn't stop us from marching in the Tidewater Veterans Day Parade to celebrate the heroes who fought for America 
We also pay tribute, after 13 yrs of war, to all who have served in the military since 9/11. I'm deeply grateful for their service.
On  we honor the service of every generation of American veterans who sacrificed so much to protect us 
.@wwpinc  a day to reflect on the sacrifices made by servicemembers who courageously protect our rights &amp; promote our values
Thx to Bill Rausch, former @USArmy Major from Alexandria, for sharing his story w/me for the Veterans History Project 
Just interviewed John Napolitano, a former @USMC Corporal, about his decision to enlist &amp; his service in Iraq 
Honored to help @librarycongress Veterans History Project capture stories of veterans from VA. Here's an example:  
Honored to participate in the wreath-laying ceremony for the 239th birthday of the @USMC in Arlington. Semper Fi! 
Pleased the President nominated Loretta Lynch for AG, committed public servant. Look forward to a swift confirmation process in the Senate.
Thrilled to be honored by the @AIFoundation tonight with Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia @NishaBiswal!
Enjoyed world premiere of "Big Stone Gap" at @VaFilmFest w/ my family last night. Great show with superb cast. Go see it!
I’m urging federal support for ODU’s pilot program because it’s time to tackle the complex issue of sea level rise 
I look forward to an open debate &amp; vote on the floor on an AUMF–it is what our Constitution demands &amp; what our servicemembers deserve.(2/2)
I’m heartened to hear the President will engage with Congress right away on a new AUMF to combat ISIL, a step I’ve long called for. (1/2)
Excited to welcome @DonBeyerVA to the Virginia delegation! We need more can-do optimists like him in Congress
Congratulations to my great friend @MarkWarnerVA on his well-deserved victory! Proud to call him my senior senator! 
RT @RTDNEWS: RT @MSchmidtRTD: Crowd cheers as CNN reports that Warner flips the  race 50-48
The polls are open until 7PM in Virginia. Don't forget your photo ID! You can look up your polling location here: 
Los centros de votación están abiertos. ¡Salgan a ejercer su derecho al voto!
The polls are open! Get out and vote, Virginia!
A lot of excitement in Alexandria tonight as I finish a day of getting out the vote with my friend @MarkWarnerVA! 
Virginia is for Oyster Lovers! Celebrate Virginia Oyster Month this November by enjoying the most delicious oysters in the country.
Very glad to hear that Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is back in the  w/his family. Welcome home.
Excited to spend the weekend getting out the vote for a great friend &amp; public servant @MarkWarnerVA!
Saturday is the last day for early voting in VA! Learn more about how to vote tomorrow by visiting 
Good news about Sailor’s Creek Battlefield expansion! My bill supports battlefield preservation projects like this cc: @civilwartrust
Happy Halloween! Look forward to seeing some great trick-or-treating costumes in Richmond tonight!
Great to be in GA today to  for @MichelleNunnGA. Hitting the phones in Marietta with Michelle's husband Ron! 
My thoughts are w/ everyone at @NASA_Wallops &amp; @OrbitalSciences who worked so hard on this launch. Relieved to hear no injuries reported.
RT @M_Figueroa06: Sen. Kaine fills VCU lecture hall to talk about @MarkWarnerVA commitment to reducing student debt  …
RT @JeanneShaheen: This afternoon @timkaine visited Portsmouth to help  - and @StefanyShaheen - get out the vote! …
Great pic of @USN_BushCVN77 returning to Norfolk. Thanks to the sailors for all they’ve done during 10mo deployment! 
RT @JeanneShaheen: Thanks to @timkaine for helping  get out the vote across today in the Granite State! 
Just proudly voted for @MarkWarnerVA for US Senate. I urge all eligible Virginians to take advantage of early voting! 
Happy Diwali to all celebrating the festival of lights in VA &amp; across the world, including the wonderful people I met on my CODEL to India!
.@GotGovt @hendron Fantastic! I'd love to hear your students' ideas &amp; answer their questions on 
Honored to be delivering the keynote remarks at the 32nd annual Naval Submarine League Symposium Banquet in Falls Church tonight.
The @VDHgov has set up a hotline to answer your questions on  hotline can be reached  24/7 at 877-275-8343.
This summer I urged @USDA to fund broadband expansion in the Caney Ridge area. Thrilled SCTC will get $3M to complete this critical project!
Thx to all who joined us for the @RTDNEWS  on war powers. Great questions &amp; advice from the audience! 
Excited to join @RTDNEWS today for a Public Square on how Congress &amp; the President make our nation’s most impt decision – when to go to war
Proud the VA Creeper Trail gets inducted into @railstotrails Hall of Fame today! Great Kaine family memories of times on the Creeper Trail.
Click here to view photos of my recent trip w/ @SenAngusKing to India, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Qatar 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I sent letters to VA health officials requesting updates on hospital Ebola response preparedness 
RT @MSchmidtRTD: This Tuesday: @timkaine will join us here at @RTDNEWS for a  discussion on America's war powers …
Pleased Admin named coordinator for federal Ebola response – very much needed. Ron Klain is excellent choice - proven leader &amp; manager.
Shout out to the KC @Royals. I grew up rooting for them and it's been a long 29 years since last playoffs. On to victory in World Series!
Just returned from CODEL w/@SenAngusKing to India, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Qatar; very productive mtgs w/leaders &amp; great visits w/ Virginians
Today is the last day to register to vote in VA for the upcoming elections! Click here to find out how to register: 
Just wrapped two day visit to Kabul, Afghanistan. Great to see troops from VA &amp; meet new leadership. 
Read my @NewsInTheBurg op-ed on how career &amp; technical ed can prepare students for the jobs of the 21st century  
Hope weather clears up back home for tomorrow's Terrier-Lynx suborbital rocket launch from @NASA_Wallops so Virginians can enjoy the view!
Proud that Virginia-based @AFOSR funded the work of the winners of this year's Nobel Prizes in Physics and Chemistry!
Great news: The Ex-Im bank generated a surplus that reduced the deficit by $675M this year. Learn more  
Congrats to Malala Yousafzai &amp; Kailash Satyarthi on receiving  for working towards peace through youth rights &amp; education.
RT @USAndMumbai: US Senators @TimKaine and @SenAngusKing w/  at Café Leopold recounting 26/11 attacks 
RT @USAndMumbai: US Senators @timkaine and @SenAngusKing visit Mani Bhavan , ’s historic home in  
Met Marines who trained in Virginia at the embassy security guard facility at Quantico. Grateful for their service. 
RT @USAndIndia: US Senators @timkaine and @SenAngusKing learn abt   at @usaid_india Sanjay Gandhi community project. http:…
Great visit w/ @SenAngusKing to @usaid_india project to improve hand sanitation in Delhi's Sanjay Gandhi community 
RT @SenAngusKing: .@timkaine and me with children from the Sanjay Gandhi community in Delhi. Photo courtesy of @USAndIndia …
Arrived in New Delhi, India for CODEL w/ @SenAngusKing. Excited to meet w/ Indian defense officials &amp; business leaders on US-India econ ties
Sign up for email updates to stay informed abt the work I'm doing on behalf of Virginia:  
Today, we have taken a major step toward Jefferson’s ideal that "all men are created equal."  
I join countless Virginians to celebrate  clearing path for loving couples across VA to marry.  
.@JonathanWeisman traces the Virginia roots of my focus on war powers reform in today's @NYTimes 
Anne &amp; I had a great time at the grand opening of @bgclubcva's new James River Club in Scottsville on Saturday! 
Eid Mubarak! To all Muslims home and abroad, may these last few days of Hajj be filled with joy and warmth.
.@grantierk @SenSherrodBrown The last time the @Royals made the playoffs was 1985, 29 years ago. Glad they have ended their playoff drought!
As Yom Kippur begins, I wish members of the Jewish community in Virginia and around the world an easy fast.
RT @VaScienceFest: As we're about to launch @VaScienceFest we thank @MarkWarner &amp; @timkaine for their support. And for creating …
Good luck to the @Nationals in their first NLDS game today!  
.@CDCgov is prepared to respond to potential Ebola threat in US. Click here for info &amp; facts  
RT @VCUnews: Sen. Tim Kaine checks out firsthand a VCU School of Education program in action:  
For a list of great @VaScienceFest events throughout the state beginning this Sat click here:  
Good luck to @VaScienceFest participants as they kick off  this Saturday w/ events across the state! 
I joined 65 colleagues to support community health centers that 260K+ Virginians rely on. Read our bipartisan letter: 
Agree w/Pres. @BarackObama - there are really good things happening in America, and our economy is continuing to move in the right direction
Many positive stats worth noting from @BarackObama's speech today-incl that in past  yrs, US businesses have added 10M jobs 
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of Virginia  
I want to wish all those performing Hajj over the next few days Hajj Mabroor.
RT @MarkWarner: .@NoVARegion is coordinating a blanket drive from Nov 1-22 to help Syrian refugee families during winter. More info: http:/…
RT @cvillejournal: Kaine Pushes  Recognition of 6 Va. Tribes:  Sen. Tim Kaine is arguing anew for federal recognition of… http://t.…
VA Indian tribes help define our national identity &amp; deserve federal recognition. Read my letter to @USIndianAffairs: 
I wrote to @USIndianAffairs calling for more flexibility in the federal recognition process for Indian tribes with unusual circumstances
RT @TrevorBaratko: Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine: Has every president been frustrated with Congress? Yes. But that doesn't mean you get to …htt…
RT @AllianceExchnge: Thank you for meeting with us @timkaine to talk about the impact of the  program with  alumni! http://…
Grateful @ONDCP will provide additional resources to certain VA cities to reduce drug use &amp; trafficking 
Great news! 5 colleges in VA will benefit from funding to support job-driven training programs. Learn more: 
Grateful for service of Langley-based Airmen who have joined humanitarian relief efforts in Ebola-stricken nations 
Congrats to Charles Wright of Charlottesville for being named the 20th Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry for the @librarycongress
Excited to participate in the 63rd annual Chickahominy Indian Tribe Fall Festival &amp; Pow-Wow to celebrate the tribe's history &amp; culture!
RT @FaceTheNation: "We're not supposed to start a war without Congress," Sen. @timkaine  
I'll be on @FaceTheNation w/@bobschieffer this morning to discuss Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL
I joined @GovernorVA to announce task force to address prescription drug abuse-an epidemic hurting communities in VA 
RT @alana_austin: Coming up @ 5:30, a live report on the   strategy. Hear Sen. @timkaine's vision &amp; impact on Virginia  http…
RT @NBC29: @alana_austin: @ 5:30, a live report on   strategy. Hear Sen. @timkaine's vision &amp; impact on Virginia  …
Pleased by @DeptofDefense proposal to expand financial protections that servicemembers &amp; their families deserve 
Thx to @actecareertech for inviting @VASecofEdu &amp; me to speak abt how  can help us grow a 21st century workforce 
Honored to join @GovernorVA to announce statewide task force to combat heroin &amp; prescription drug abuse in VA 
RT @VASecofEdu: Excited to attend the @actecareertech Regional Conference today to discuss the importance of career &amp; technical education w…
Excited to join Anne at the @actecareertech Leadership Conference in  to discuss  role in preparing a 21st century workforce
RT @vcusoe: "VCU has a huge positive impact on Richmond as a whole and public education" @timkaine   @VCU 
Headed to join @GovernorVA @VaSecofHealth &amp; @BrianMoranVA to make an announcement at the Substance Abuse &amp; Addiction Recovery Alliance of VA
Saw @teach4change2 in action at  Boushall Middle School &amp; heard abt the powerful impact program has had on RPS 
RT @FairfaxTimes:  Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) called attention to both the challenges and the opportunities presented by  …
RT @UTRUnited: Senator Tim Kaine at Richmond Teacher Residency today to learn about rich clinical prep in action @teach4change2  @UTRUnited…
On my way to  Boushall Middle School to learn abt @teach4change2 program that provides aspiring teachers w/hands-on classroom experience
RT @CollegiateTimes: Senator Tim Kaine visited a Tech research center in Arlington 
RT @heraldprogress: Latest @heraldprogress is on stands now. @timkaine makes an appearance at @RandolphMacon and more in this week's H-P ht…
Pleased the @USDOL announced nearly $12M in grants to develop strategies to help Virginians return to work 
Shanah Tovah! I want to send my best wishes for the new year to the Jewish community in Virginia and across the globe.
Thx again to @LakeAnneEs for inviting me to come read to students in English &amp; Spanish. Fun way to celebrate ! 
RT @LakeAnneEs: Senator Tim Kaine visited Lake Anne today and read to Miss Peirce's 1st Grade class. We were happy to host him! …
RT @vtncr: Senator @timkaine and President @VTSandsman visit Virginia Tech Research Center In Arlington: 
RT @LakeAnneEs: Senator Tim Kaine read in Spanish to our 3rd Grade Spanish Immersion class today.  …
I had a great time reading Mañana Iguana to the first graders at Lake Anne Elementary &amp; talking about… 
On my way to @LakeAnneEs to read to students and talk to them about the importance of 
I'll be on @1070WINA at 8:40AM to discuss Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL 
Today I spoke at @amprog abt Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here:  
Heading to @amprog to speak abt Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here at 1PM: 
At 9AM I’ll join @LukeRussert on @dailyrundown to preview my @amprog speech today on why Congress must authorize US military action vs ISIL
RT @RMCyoungdems: R-MC students, including several of our members, had a great time meeting VA Senator Tim Kaine this morning  http:/…
RT @rmcpsci: "Success is goals+relationships." Good advice to students from Sen. Kaine during my pol. leadership class this  @timkaine …
I had a great time celebrating Indian culture at the  in  w/ @repbobbyscott yesterday! 
Look fwd to speaking at @amprog tomorrow abt Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here at 1PM 
Excited to lead a discussion with @RandolphMacon College students, faculty and college President Robert R. Lindgren this morning
Pleased that Jordan Hydroelectric Partnership will receive $1M loan from the @USDA for development of hydroelectric station in @DickensonVA
RT @VaScienceFest: Honorary Festival chairs Senators @timkaine &amp; @MarkWarner show off their Virginia Science Festival colors. 15 days. http…
My statement on Senate passage of a continuing resolution tonight 
RT @vcusoe: @timkaine @SenatorBaldwin @robportman Thank you for your work on this, we are thrilled to support this bill!
Learn more about our bipartisan  bill, the Creating Quality Technical Educators Act. Endorsed by @actecareertech  
Proud to join @SenatorBaldwin &amp; @robportman to intro bill to create  teacher residency partnerships–mirroring successful @vcusoe model
I'll be on the @kojoshow at 12PM to discuss what I think an AUMF against ISIL should look like 
Powerful address from Ukranian President @Poroshenko - honored to have him speak before a Joint Session of Congress today.
I'll be live w/ my friend @jfradioshow at 7:15AM to discuss war powers &amp;  military action against ISIL. Tune in 
Tune in to @1140WRVA now - I'll be discussing why Congress needs to vote on US military action against ISIL 
Today the MV Cape Ray-the ship that destroyed Syria's declared chemical weapons stockpile-returned home to Portsmouth. RT to thank the crew.
Take a moment to read my staffer's reflections on my end of summer tour through SWVA:  
Today at 2:30PM @US_SFRC will hear from Sec. @JohnKerry on the  strategy to defeat ISIL. Tune in here: 
Today in 1787, 39 delegates signed the Constitution, charting a bold course for a free and democratic America. Happy !
My proposal reinforces the President's strategy, but also includes key limits on US ground troops, repeals 2002 AUMF &amp; sunsets after 1 yr
I’ve drafted a limited authorization for  military action against ISIL. Congress must debate &amp; vote on this issue 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 6:40 AM - we'll discuss the need for a vote on the authorization of US military action against ISIL
Look forward to joining NPR's @MorningEdition at 6:20AM to discuss the  mission against ISIL 
At today's SASC hearing I laid out why Congress must debate &amp; vote on the use of military force against ISIL. Watch: 
Great to celebrate  w/ Senate colleagues. This is a month to reconnect w/ America's Hispanic roots. 
Tune in to @hardball w/ @hardball_chris tonight at 7PM for our discussion on the  mission against ISIL
RT @SenadorReid: Celebrando el Mes de la Herencia Hispana con @senatormenendez y @timkaine  
We'll be hearing from  Hagel &amp; @Martin_Dempsey on ISIL &amp; the President's strategy in SASC this AM. Tune in: 
In my @nytimes op-ed I argue that we should draft a specific, narrow authorization for military action against ISIL 
Read my @nytimes op-ed laying out why President Obama must get Congress’s authorization for the fight against ISIL 
Durante  celebramos y honramos a generaciones de Latinos por sus contribuciones sociales, culturales y económicas a la nación.
Proud to celebrate  by honoring Hispanic Americans across the US for their social, cultural &amp; economic contributions to our nation.
Best of luck to Naval Flight Officer Steve Lozano of Virginia Beach on @Jeopardy tonight! 
RT @CTEWorks: ICYMI - @timkaine's Middle STEP  bill, other federal goings on in brief: 
RT @DaveRess1: @TimKaine invites ,  yard executive to brief Senators on technical education 
RT @toddbstone: @timkaine = a rare public servant.  Our government would function if we had all TK's.  @henry_mike 
I was proud to cosponsor  reauthorization when I came to the Senate.  Let’s keep taking commonsense steps to end violence against women
For 20yrs,  has made communities in VA &amp; across US safer. Let's build on its legacy &amp; do more to protect women from violence
I was honored to lead the Virginia Volunteerism &amp; Service Conference in the @americorps pledge today  
On my way to celebrate @americorps 20th anniversary &amp; the importance of service at the Virginia Volunteerism &amp; Service Conference
Proud to join 126 members of Congress to file a  brief to protect pregnant workers’ rights 
Look fwd to discussing the President's address &amp; ISIL threat w/ @WHRO's @CathyLewisTalks  at noon. Tune in: 
Stopped by @RAMmovie screening last night in the Capitol to thank founder Stan Brock for the important work RAM does 
Today we honor the memory of those who lost their lives on  in VA, PA &amp; NY 
Read my statement on President Obama’s address on ISIL: 
 is a great tool to educate middle school students about what goes into a career field that matches their interests 
Just intro'd the  Act to expose middle school students to  programs focused on career exploration 
Yesterday, I spoke about how we owe it to our servicemembers to debate &amp; vote on action against ISIL. Watch here: 
Sen. @jiminhofe &amp; I spoke to @GwenIfill for tonight's @NewsHour about what we hope to hear from the President tmrw 
RT @cspan: VIDEO: Sen. @timkaine (D-VA) on Congressional Authorization &amp; Military Action against .  …
Headed to the Senate floor to call on the President to seek Congressional authorization for  military force against ISIL.
RT @PortofVirginia: Sincere thanks to @GovernorVA @MarkWarner @timkaine @USDOT and all partners for making this possible: …
Pleased by today’s announcement of $15M TIGER grant for the @Portofvirginia &amp; $ grant for  to support transit projects
Read my @GoDanRiver op-ed on the importance of reauthorizing the Ex-Im bank &amp; how it helps local businesses 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe tomorrow at 8:00AM - will be discussing the need for a vote on authorization of US military action against ISIL
Pleased @GovernorVA will act to expand healthcare to 200K &amp; answered our call to establish a task force to address the heroin epidemic in VA
RT @RTeditorial: Roanoke Times editorial: @timkaine is right to push for congressional debate on president's war powers: …
Wish I could be in Newport News for today’s christening of VA Class Submarine USS John Warner. Named after a great Virginian &amp; dear friend.
To grow STEM proficiency, we need to cultivate early enthusiasm for STEM and CTE in our schools  via @washingtonexec
Thanks to Virginia servicemembers stationed in @NAVSTA_Rota for having breakfast w/ me this morning! 
Met servicemembers from Blacksburg, Bristow, Warrenton &amp; Hampton Roads during visit to @NAVSTA_Rota &amp; USS Donald Cook 
RT @MarkWarner: T-minus 30 days ‘til @VaScienceFest starts on 10/4! Proud to be honorary chair w/@timkaine   …
Interview w/ @npratc from Morocco on the need for Congress to debate US action against ISIL will air soon. Tune in: 
Today, I had the opportunity to sign the wall at the USAID project site in Tangier that helps… 
.@JamesCostos Look forward to seeing you at @NAVSTA_Rota!
My statement on the barbaric murder of Steven Sotloff: 
.@PolitiFactVA Sorry Montgomery! I was always better at spelling than geography 
Today Anne &amp; I visited the North Africa American Cemetery where 2,841 American WWII servicemembers are laid to rest. 
Excited to lead Congressional delegation to North Africa &amp; Spain. Just wrapped visit to Tunisia &amp; heading to Morocco 
Wishing Virginians and all Americans a Happy !
RT @GSCCC: Girl Scouts presented @timkaine with the Council's STEM patch before the  today. @Chamber757 …
It was great to join my good friend &amp; senior Senator @MarkWarner at the  for a discussion on strengthening VA's economy.
RT @MarkWarner: Honored to be speaking at @Chamber757's  w/@timkaine today!
Thx @Chamber757 for the opportunity to speak about strengthening the regional economy &amp; growing our talented workforce 
.@PortofVirginia Glad I could visit and learn more about this critical project.
Craney Island expansion is critical to @PortofVirginia's future &amp; will have a major economic impact on VA &amp; the US 
RT @norfolkdistrict: Happy to show Sen. @timkaine all the good work going on in  
RT @Daily_Press: Sen. @timkaine visits The Apprentice School at Newport News Shipbuilding [VIDEO]

It's great to be back at the Philippine Cultural Center in Virginia Beach with my friend @repbobbyscott! 
Apprentice School students get equipped w/ skills that prepare them for great careers &amp; graduate debt free  
The Apprentice School is an excellent educational model for  programs across the US @HIIndustries 
Yesterday I toured the Louisa County High School reconstruction and saw the site for their new  facilities 
Congratulations to @MLWGS for being named one of the nation's top high schools. Have a great , everyone! 
Joined Rachel @maddow last night to discuss need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on use of military force against ISIL 
I'll be on @WTOP at 8:40AM to discuss ISIL threat &amp; the need for Congressional authorization for  military action 
Lots to cover w/ @jfradioshow. Tune in now for discussion on why Congress must vote on military action against ISIL 
Excited to be on @Maddow show tonight to discuss the need for Congressional authorization of  military action against ISIL
Loved hearing from LCPS students who are building skills in classes on turf maintenance, auto tech &amp; animal care  
Great to visit students at the new Thomas Jefferson Elementary School &amp; see the progress toward rebuilding LCHS! 
.@LouisaCountyVA @LCPSchools  Thank you for a great tour of the construction site &amp; for showing me your  classes!
.@HIIndustries looking forward to it!
RT @Daily_Press: .@timkaine learns about oysters climate change at VIMS (@VIMS_News)  
Oyster &amp; blue crab restoration are critical to VA's economy &amp; environment. Thx to VIMS for helpful status update. 
Learned a lot from tour of @OmegaProtein in Reedville - company supports 230 workers &amp; has $88M regional econ impact 
I'm thankful I had the chance to do it. Grateful for the work @swvamrc &amp; others are doing to combat this epidemic
.@BristolProud Thanks for having me! What I heard today underscored importance of reauthorizing @EximBankUS
Just toured @BristolProud's manufacturing facilities &amp; heard about how @EximBankUS helps it compete internationally. 
The rain can't keep us away from Thursday Jams in Abingdon! 
Can't go to Bristol without a stop at the Burger Bar! 
Good to be back at @news5wcyb in Bristol. I'll be live at 5 to talk about my week in SWVA - tune in!
Joined Project REVIVE! to talk abt the opioid epidemic in VA &amp; get trained to administer naloxone, a drug to counter overdose effects.
This  I worked w/ @peopleincorp to weatherize a Grundy home which helps save $ on utility bills 
Last night I completed @SenAngusKing's  at beautiful @BreaksPark. Watch here: 
Thanks senangusking for nominating me for the ! I decided to challenge 3 other… 
.@jonbaliles Well done! You got them all.
The new Ridgeview High School will give Dickenson County students state-of-the-art resources to help… 
When I stood at Pinnacle Overlook above the Cumberland Gap today, I was closer to 8 other state capitals than to  you name them?
Good to be back at @MECCVa in Big Stone Gap! Toured CTE facilities &amp; discussed the importance of technical training.
.@LMU_CVM will have a great impact on the future of aspiring veterinarians &amp; the local economy in Lee… 
Just finished a great tour of the new @LMU_CVM campus in Ewing &amp; talked w/ veterinary students from… 
Foggy but beautiful morning at the Cumberland Gap. 
Learned a lot from touring the Scott County Telephone Cooperative. Grateful for its work to expand… 
Mrs. Mildred Pretzer showed me some great photos of her Women’s Army Corps officer graduation 70yrs… 
It was an honor to present service awards to Mildred Pretzer of Charlottesville-a true trailblazer &amp; WWII WAC Veteran 
Great visit to HM 15 Blackhawks at Norfolk Naval Base today. Hooyah Blackhawks! 
Read my op-ed w/ @MarkWarner @Randy_Forbes @RobWittman &amp; @RepScottRigell on why VA coastal energy is a worthy pursuit 
This August marks the 3rd annual  month, a great chance to showcase our local breweries for all to enjoy: 
Proud to support this compromise-major step toward restoring trust of vets &amp; fixing issues that have plagued VA
 
Proud to join @MarkWarner to intro bill to reauthorize @EximBankUS - one of best tools we have to move VA economy fwd 
Thx to @ONDCP’s @Botticelli44 for meeting w/ me today to discuss strategies to combat the opioid crisis in VA 
Happy 49th anniv to . Will speak on floor shortly about good news showing ACA helped extend its solvency 
Sintoniza ahora @lagrand1480! Estaré hablando con @demetriofloress sobre la crisis de niños buscando asilo en nuestra frontera sur.
Sintoniza ahora @selecta1320  para escuchar nuestra discusion sobre la crisis de los ninos en la frontera: 
En dos minutos estare en el @pedrobiaggishow discutiendo la crisis de niños en nuestra frontera sur. Sintoniza: 
Joined colleagues &amp; @SBAgov Admin to call for re-authorization of Ex-Im bank. VA businesses are counting on Congress. 
RT @MarkWarner: Very pleased  site is on shortlist for FBI HQ- cost effective selection that best offers FBI what it needs
Robert McDonald is the right leader to implement much-needed changes at the @DeptVetAffairs; proud to confirm him 
Proud to join @SenBlumenthal to introduce  Act to provide critical protection to domestic abuse victims 
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of our close family friend, former Rep. Caldwell Butler. My statement here: 
Congratulations to @JulianCastro, our new @HUDGov Secretary!
Good luck to our Senate league softball team (VA is for Sluggers) as they play their last game of the regular season 
I’m heartened that negotiators reached a deal to help veterans receive the timely, high-quality care they deserve 
Big win for marriage equality in VA today! Grateful for the work of @MarkHerringVA &amp; others who keep fighting for equality 
Read my @ProgressIndex op-ed w/ @MarkWarner on the importance of protecting historic lands in Petersburg 
Eid Mubarak to Muslims across the Commonwealth and around the world. May your Eid be filled with prayer and celebration.
ICYMI: This morning I spoke w/ @abuddy about years of teamwork that led to the Silver Line opening. Watch here: 
Watch my speech on the need to reauthorize the Ex-Im bank, which supports companies in VA at no cost to taxpayers  
I'll be on @WTTGMORNINGNEWS shortly w/ @Fox5DCAllison &amp; @stevechenevey. Tune in for our discussion on the Silver Line.
Tune in now to @wusa9 for my discussion w/ @abuddy &amp; @DebraAlfarone on the bipartisan work that led to tomorrow's Silver Line opening
Positive step for getting humanitarian aid to those suffering in  ; will continue pressing for unimpeded access
Very sad to see reports of lives lost &amp; many injured in the storm on the Eastern Shore. Ready to do whatever I can to help the community.
Will speak on Senate floor shortly abt why reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank is critical for VA businesses. Watch: 
Yesterday I spoke on the floor about the  at the border &amp; 6 ways we should respond 
.@NWS has issued a severe thunderstorm warning for Southeast Virginia, including Chesapeake, Norfolk, and VA Beach. Stay safe, everyone!
Frightening reports of a tornado touching down on the Eastern Shore this morning. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone there.
Joining @MartinHeinrich on the floor shortly to discuss violence  are fleeing in Central America 
Encouraged by @USDOT proposal that includes measures @MarkWarner &amp; I recommended after Lynchburg derailment to improve oil by rail safety
Congrats to Grayson County! @corehealthfit will invest $2M to expand the former Med-Fit operation, which will create 250 local jobs.
Thanks to the @CFTNI for inviting me to discuss war powers reform today. 
RT @imolinarescnn: Aquí está la entrevista con Sen. @timkaine sobre la crisis humanitaria en frontera, MH17 y Gaza  @…
Tune in to @Morning_Joe in 2 minutes for our discussion on Ukraine and the escalating conflict in Gaza.
Tune in to @cnn @NewDay at 8AM for my take on the situation in Ukraine &amp; conflict in Gaza. @ChrisCuomo @wolfblitzer @JohnBerman @KateBolduan
RT @CNNDirectoUSA: ¡Al aire! @dlaje te trae lo último sobre vuelo  además hablamos con Sen. @timkaine de la crisis en la  @CN…
Great to meet young tobacco-free champion from Danville &amp; 2014  Poster Contest Winner, Ashante Gravley! 
Joining HearSay w/ Cathy Lewis in a few minutes. Listen live! 
Looking fwd to a discussion w/ @WHRO's Cathy Lewis on how best to address sea level rise in VA. Tune in at 12:05PM 
Good news! VA's oyster harvest rose nearly 25% last season–our best since ‘87. Let's keep up the restoration efforts 
Tune in now to the @jfradioshow for our discussion on Ukraine &amp; the escalating conflict in Gaza 
.@ChadNWright Thank you for your commitment to educating our next generation of leaders! You make Virginians proud!
Businesses shouldn’t get tax breaks for shipping jobs out of the US. We should reward businesses that 
RT @Roanokepreneurs: Sen. Tim Kaine stopped by the @GrandinCoLab last week to talk entrepreneurship.  
In my joint op-ed w/ @repbobbyscott &amp; @RepScottRigell, we discuss the urgent need to address sea level rise in VA 
Great Citizen Day w/ @friendsbrp. Big thx to the volunteers who helped us clean up trails along the Roanoke River. 
Great bfast at a Roanoke staple. Next up, Citizen Day to clean up the Blue Ridge Pkwy. Join us at mile marker ! 
First pitch. Let's go @salemredsox! 
.@mathewbrooks  Any trail in the Little Wilson Creek Wilderness
The escalating conflict b/t Hamas &amp; Israel is deeply tragic &amp; inflicts serious damage on the people in Israel &amp; Gaza 
Thanks to Sam Steidle for tour of the  and to the entrepreneurs for their intelligent questions &amp; comments 
Looking fwd to a good discussion w/ entrepreneurs &amp; other young business leaders from Roanoke at the  today
Read my statement on the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17: 
Impressed by the Roanoke Valley's work to combat drug abuse &amp; success stories of drug court graduates I spoke w/today 
Warming up for my first pitch at the @salemredsox game tomorrow. Very excited to be there! 
Watch my Senate floor speech on the humanitarian crisis on the border &amp; unaccompanied children fleeing violence 
 to last July, when @SenatorDurbin came to visit Newport News Shipbuilding @HIIndustries
 
Heading to @US_SFRC hrg to learn more about current crisis in Central America; @McCartneyWP &amp; I spoke about it too 
.@smashingwalnuts Thank you for your hard work to raise awareness on this issue. I'll continue to do all that I can.
Great lunch &amp; discussion today w/ @AIPAC interns! 
Met w/Ellyn &amp; Mark Miller today to discuss importance of funding pediatric disease research at NIH @smashingwalnuts 
I’m extremely disappointed that a minority of Senators kept us from considering legislation that would protect women’s right to health care.
ICMYI: Yesterday, I delivered a floor speech on legislation to fix the  decision. Watch here: 
JB Langley-Eustis should be site for new @usairforce command to minimize impact of recent cuts that will impact VA 
In 5 min I'll be on the @kojoshow to discuss the Senate bill to fix  decision. Tune in! 
.@kojoshow excited to join you soon!
RT @kojoshow: At 12: Sen @timkaine on his legislative response to the Supreme Court ruling on contraception 
Tune in to @WTOP now as I discuss the Senate bill to fix the  decision 
Tune in to @WTOP tomorrow morning at 7:40 AM as I discuss the Senate bill to fix  decision 
The four critical committees have sent the clear signal that Congress supports refueling the USS George Washington 
Pleased  chose Turner-Fairbank Highway Research Center in McLean to discuss need for infrastructure investments 
.@RosalieDech Glad to be helpful!
Heading to the Senate floor to discuss why the  decision is a threat to women's healthcare choices and how to fix it.
Proud to meet with General Joseph Dunford, ISAF commander and nominee for @USMC Commandant 
Today we celebrate the 150th anniversary of the birth of Maggie L. Walker, a pioneering businesswoman and towering community leader
.@SenatorDurbin just announced FY15 Defense Appropriations bill incl $848M to refuel USS George Washington. Great work by VA delegation!
As a longtime supporter of preserving historic lands, pleased @SecretaryJewell announced expansion of Richmond Natl Battlefield Park last wk
The choice about whether or not to use birth control should be between a woman and her doctor, not a woman and her boss. 
I'm a proud sponsor of the  Act. Learn more: 
Congrats to VA-based @OrbitalSciences on the successful  launch from @NASA_Wallops yesterday! 
Proud the Sen. passed our bill to appoint a special envoy for religious minorities in the Mid East cc: @RepWOLFPress 
Great tour of the @DuPont_NAOps  Plant. Big thanks to the employees for a great discussion! 
RT @DuPont_NAOps: Sen. Kaine tours Kevlar® ballistics lab at  Plant; demo shows how Kevlar® protects the  @timkaine http:…
.@DuPont_NAOps @ChesterfieldVa I'm excited to join you! See you soon.
Heading to the DuPont Spruance Plant in  to view the facilities, meet with company leadership &amp; employees &amp; discuss my new  bill
Wishing a speedy recovery to those injured in VA Beach storm yesterday &amp; thinking of everyone across the region as clean up continues today
Very pleased to join @MACCPAC for their 5th Annual Capitol Hill Iftar dinner to reflect on the importance of faith 
Glad to hear more commitment today from @USNavy officials re: refuel &amp; complex overhaul of USS George Washington 
RT @CTEWorks: "We must make sure that we're preparing our students for the 21st century workforce."  @timkaine
.@NASSP @senrobportman Thanks for your continued support! I'll continue to work hard to enhance  programs in VA and across the country.
.@actecareertech @senrobportman Your support is very much appreciated!
It's essential for the US to invest in creating a world-class education system to ensure we have a strong workforce 
@senrobportman &amp; I intro'd the Educating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act to ensure students have access to high-quality  
Students deserve access to rigorous  programs that prepare them for 21st century workforce. Watch live: 
Headed to the Senate floor soon w/ @senrobportman to introduce our bill to raise quality of Career &amp; Technical Education programs  
Met w/ @RIRprez Dennis Bickmeier to discuss the @RIRInsider's plans for the future. Hope to be at the raceway soon! 
Nat'l Drug Control Strategy announced in Roanoke is testament to city's successful community-based approach to solving scourge of addiction
Proud to sponsor bill to protect women's right to health care from interference by their employers  
I applaud new efforts to curb heroin &amp; prescription opioid drug abuse that has harmed communities across VA 
.@VCETatMasonUniv @klvanhorne Great to have you here today!
Each year, people fishing, hunting and wildlife watching in VA contribute $ billion to the Commonwealth’s economy. 
Proud to support the Bipartisan Sportsman's Act, legislation to conserve public land while promoting outdoor recreation in VA 
Great news that more Virginia veterans can participate in the Commonwealth's Troops to Trucks program 
Looking fwd to my interview w/ @DianeNBC12 at 4:15 PM on my events across VA this week w/ veterans, business leaders &amp; educators
 to the day I graduated from the University of Missouri.   
Stopped for a delicious burger at the Dixie Restaurant - a Petersburg institution 
I applaud VA for receiving an  waiver flexibility extension. This shows VA's dedication to creatively improve student outcomes.
Great discussion w/ ChesterfieldCC women business leaders at @UrbanFarmhouse this morning! 
.@CabreraAngel it was great visiting the labs and meeting such bright students!
Learned abt @GeorgeMasonU programs that let HS &amp; post-baccalaureate students earn certificates in scientific fields 
Look fwd to touring @GeorgeMasonU's  facilities this afternoon!
Maintaining 11 carrier fleet was a top priority this yr-very pleased @USNavy moving fwd w/refuel &amp; overhaul of CVN 73 
Great discussion w/ veterans in Culpeper on improving care for servicemembers &amp; help w/ transition into workforce 
As we celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act we reflect on the progress toward equal rights for all &amp; the work still ahead
Henry Marsh has been a mentor of mine since I moved to Richmond in '84. His amazing work during 48 yrs in elected office will be celebrated.
Proud to announce  bill in Fishersville today-will raise quality of programs in VA &amp; across US 
Congrats to Michelle Janine Howard on becoming the first woman to attain the rank of four-star Admiral in the @USNavy's 238-year history!
Glad @GovernorVA has revived the Climate Change Commission that was disbanded in 2011. We can ignore this problem, but it won't ignore us.
Watch this summary of yesterday's bipartisan forum on sea level rise in Norfolk 
? I know I am. Virginia believes in you, @USMensSoccer!   
Heading to Fishersville to tour the Valley Career &amp; Tech Center &amp; announce new bipartisan legislation to raise the quality of  programs
Powerful discussion in Norfolk on ensuring we keep promises to our veterans - whether it's health… 
 decision today makes case less about religious freedom &amp; more about denial of access to contraception: 
Thx to all who joined us at @OldDominionUniv for a bipartisan discussion on solutions to the challenge… 
RT @RepScottRigell: A special thank you to Senator @timkaine for his leadership in hosting &amp; advancing a very thoughtful &amp; informative conv…
Thx to @repbobbyscott @RobWittman  &amp; @RepScottRigell for joining me to host this critical discussion 
At 9AM I'll kick off forum on sea level rise in Norfolk. If you can't make it, watch it live:  
Ramadan Kareem to the Muslim community in Virginia and across the  May you have a blessed and peaceful month.
Today on @Morning_Joe I discussed why Congress should have a vote on any US military action in Iraq 
I believe that we will win! Go USA!  
 to a great jam session w/ @folksoulrevival at @BristolRhythm, 1 of my favorite VA events  
Read my @Buzzfeed article, 16 Virginia Summer Activities You Can't Miss, and then RT &amp; share some of your favorites! 
Listen to @WTOP live at 7:50AM for our conversation on Congress' role in any military action in Iraq 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 7:15AM when I'll discuss why any US military action in Iraq should be voted on by Congress
In a few mins I'll join @Fox5DCAllison to discuss Iraq &amp; why any US military action requires Congressional authorization
Congrats to @UVAbaseball on a fantastic season &amp; great run at the ! You can help welcome the Hoos home tonight: 
Tomorrow morning I'll join @Fox5NewsDC @morning_joe &amp; @WTOP to discuss why any  military action in Iraq should be voted on
RT @CSIS: For more on Sen @timkaine's @washingtonpost oped, see  "Reforming the 1973 War Powers Resolution" speech @CSIS 5/14  …
Great meeting w/ @VCETatMasonUniv &amp; @MarkWarner on how to ensure VA students are getting the best education possible 
RT @VCETatMasonUniv: MT @JeffDavisDE Thank you Senators @timkaine @SenatorWarner for meeting   today! Thoughtful, insightful, funny! h…
Proud to support the Workforce Innovation &amp; Opportunity Act-will help train Virginians for good jobs at companies ready to hire them 
Good luck to @UVABaseball tonight! Win tonight &amp; bring home your first national title to Charlottesville!  
Headed to the floor soon to call on the President to seek congressional authorization for any US military action in Iraq &amp; submit a new AUMF
The White House should submit to Congress a new draft AUMF to deal with today's threats 
The president must come to Congress for authority to initiate US mil action in Iraq. Read my @washingtonpost op-ed: 
.@EricBoyle @OldDominionUniv @GOceanC Monday, June 30th at 9AM
RT @repbobbyscott: Joining @timkaine, @RepScottRigell and @RobWittman in  on Monday for a conference on sea level rise: …
Great talk w/ @APSVirginia students on the importance of  public service &amp; current foreign policy… 
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents in West Point and King &amp; Queen County. More info here: 
Look fwd to hosting conference on sea level rise at @OldDominionUniv alongside @RepScottRigell @repbobbyscott @RobWittman &amp; local officials
Go USA!!  
On  anniversary we reflect on program's impact in helping veterans transition into civilian life through assistance w/ higher ed
Excited about tonight's ! I look forward to catching up w/ friends from around the Commonwealth.
I have seen firsthand the plight of Syrian refugees in Lebanon and Turkey. We must not forget their story.  
Love hearing about Virginians involved in community service. Thx to the 200 @DiscoveryComm employees volunteering in VA today 
Encouraged that the President will assess political conditions &amp; take steps to protect embassies &amp; personnel in Iraq 
Read my response to President Obama’s announcement on Iraq today: 
It's time to  our post-9/11 veterans. Let's do it on Veterans Day 2014. RT if you agree. 
Thx @AmericanLegion @VFWHQ &amp; @VVAmerica for support of  resolution to make Veterans Day '14 a commemoration for post 9/11 vets
On  we remember those who endured slavery &amp; fought for freedom. Their courage gives us hope to overcome our challenges today.
This Veterans Day, let’s say  &amp; thank you for the service &amp; sacrifice by this generation that’s been at war for 13 years
Proud to join @SenatorBurr &amp; @SenBlumenthal to introduce a resolution to  post 9/11 veterans 
I'll join @1070WINA at 8:25AM to discuss a new resolution I'm introducing today to  our veterans 
Tune in now for my discussion w/ @RumbleFM99 on my new resolution to welcome home &amp; honor post 9/11 veterans: 
In a few minutes I'll join my friend @jfradioshow - tune in! 
Tune in to @NewsHour for my take on the crisis in Iraq &amp; what it means to US security &amp; leadership in the region 
Spoke w/ @hereandnow's @JeremyHobson about Iraq &amp; Congress' responsibility to review any proposal for mil support 
Great mtg w/ Brigadier General Timothy P. Williams to discuss defense priorities for Virginia &amp; the… 
.@Malinowski @DanvilleBraves Thx for a great meeting. And go D-Braves!
.@arenda @SummerIR thanks for having me!
RT @arenda: Sen Tim Kaine speaking at @SummerIR this morning  
Obstructing 43 ambassador nominees from serving our country overseas weakens our ability to address complex national security issues
Heading to Senate floor soon to discuss the dangers of obstructing Ambassador nominees &amp; how it weakens our leadership throughout the world
Great discussion this morning w/ @GeorgetownSPHS students on foreign affairs &amp; public service. 
Congrats to the  on an excellent game. Let's go !
My @AlMonitor op-ed outlines a 3 part plan for a US-Egypt relationship that is consistent w/ our democratic values 
Met leaders from President's @YALINetwork - an impt program to strengthen relationships b/t the US &amp; African nations 
The President's action to ban fed contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation is an important step towards 
Beautiful performance by Mt. Zion First African Baptist Church in Charlottesville to welcome 25 young… 
Helpful meeting w/ @AlbemarleCounty officials on workforce development &amp; transportation priorities in the county 
Honored to address leaders in the military, diplomacy &amp; tech fields at the Defense &amp; Intelligence Conference at @UVA 
Happy ! Grateful for my dad Al &amp; blessed to be spending today with family.
Joined @MarkWarner in a letter to VA requesting further info on how facilities in the region are addressing backlog 
Read my response to the President's statement on the unraveling crisis in Iraq: 
Proud to co-sponsor a bill to help students plan ahead and find affordable ways to pay for college. Learn more: 
Proud that we passed a resolution I co-sponsored to recognize the historic significance of 
Happy Loving Day! 47 years ago today,  ruled to end the ban on interracial marriage. Let's continue fighting for equality for all.
Best of luck to all of the teams participating in the  but especially to the @ussoccer team!
In just a few minutes I'll join @mitchellreports on  to discuss the insurgency in Iraq
Tune in at 8AM to @WAVY_News when I'll join @KatieWAVY &amp; Don Roberts to discuss how the bill we passed last night will help reform the VA
Proud we swiftly passed bill to provide veterans w/ medical care they earned &amp; that so many have waited too long for 
As President @BarackObama prepares to address Worcester Technical High School, I encourage him to start a Presidential  Scholars Program
Congratulations @DonBeyerVA! And congrats to all the  Democratic candidates on a great race
Congratulations to Judge Hannah Lauck of Virginia on being confirmed to the Eastern District Court on a 90-0 vote! 
Proud to be part of a continuing bipartisan effort to create jobs and rebuild Southern VA's economy @cityofdanville 
Hannah Lauck has demonstrated great skill through her service in VA &amp; I'm pleased that her nomination to the federal bench is moving fwd
Good meeting w/ Lynchburg Mayor Michael Gillette today. Cities need good data about freight shipment for emergency planning.
What an honor to speak in Bedford today. Humbled by the character &amp; quality of our veterans’ service  
Honored to speak at @DDayMemorial in Bedford today - a visible reminder of those who sacrificed to preserve the liberty we enjoy.  
Today we remember the valor, fidelity &amp; sacrifice of the Allied Forces on D-Day. 
Congrats to Karl Stauber &amp; the Danville Regional Foundation for winning the John Marlles Commitment Award!  Keep it up, @cityofdanville!
Really proud of @SenSanders &amp; @SenJohnMcCain for acting fast to reach compromise on a VA bill - looking fwd to taking action on it soon.
Proud to support Sylvia Burwell's nomination. Her public &amp; private sector experience will make her an excellent Secretary of @HHSGov
Heroin overdose deaths are on track to double in many VA localities. Something must be done. Read our letter here: 
12 of us came together to write bipartisan letter to @GovernorVA calling for a statewide task force to address growing heroin epidemic in VA
Heading to the floor to discuss ways  is working, but also ways to improve it incl fix to family glitch. Tune in: 
My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the loved ones of Officer Brian Jones &amp; the entire @NorfolkPD family today.
Sign this petition if you think more Americans should have a  at affording college 
Met w/ @VCU alumna Brittany Jones after she delivered testimony at @SenateBudget hrg abt her student loan debt burden 
Good news: DOD panel answered our call to survey servicemembers on pay &amp; benefits preferences. Cc @johncornyn 
RT @NEAToday: I would love to be a student in your class bc of all the effort you made 2 become a teacher @timkaine  http://…
Heading to Senate Budget Cmte to highlight the harmful impact of student loan debt on borrowers and the entire US economy 
Enjoyed speaking w/ @MexicoInstitute leaders tonight about Mexico’s dynamic reforms &amp; opportunities for US trade, investment &amp; co-production
Sham election in Syria while Assad regime continues to starve its own ppl is act of cowardice &amp; will not be recognized by int'l community
The Restoring Veterans’ Trust Act will shorten VA wait times to ensure veterans receive timely care. Impt step toward fixing systemic issues
Richmond lost a crusading journalist today with the death of Ray Boone. My thoughts are with Jean, Raymond, Regina &amp; the Free Press family.
Proud to support Keith M. Harper's nomination. He will be the first member of a federally recognized tribe to serve the US as an ambassador.
Proud to join 13 of my colleagues to introduce legislation that will increase accountability at the VA 
Enjoyed speaking to the CelebrAsian Conference in Vienna about the achievements of Asian Americans in business &amp; govt.
Deeply saddened by the loss of Mame Reiley–a dear friend &amp; inspiring advocate. VA &amp; the nation will always be grateful for her service.
Thx to @GermannaCC engineering students for showing me their impressive award-winning projects  
Heard from students like Samantha about benefits of dual enrollment - from  certifications to lower college costs 
On tour of @Fort_APHill, great discussion about critical national security assets in Fredericksburg area 
Reducing carbon pollution is in our national interest, but we must do it in a way that makes economic sense 
Student debt is denying graduates a . Headed to @germannacc to meet w/ students, parents &amp; educators about what we can do to help.
Student loan debt in the US is &gt;$1 trillion &amp; growing. I’m working to cut costs through Dual Enrollment bill 
Looking forward to touring @Fort_APHill &amp; meeting w/members of the Military Affairs Council of the Fredericksburg Chamber of Commerce
June is  Pride Month. Please join me in celebrating how far we’ve come &amp; commit to keep working toward equality because 
Pleased that Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will be returning home to his family. Thankful for his service &amp; sacrifice.
ICYMI: Today I joined May-Lily on VA Conversations to discuss ways to reform the ACA, the crisis in Syria &amp; more 
@TMAndrews2006 Implementing the ACA will help improve education &amp; prevention for . Find fed FASD resources here: 
Have a question for me? I’ll be in-studio w/ Virginia Conversations starting at 9AM. Give us a call at 1-800-866-6397 
Looking fwd to joining May-Lily in-studio on @WVTFRADIOIQ’s Virginia Conversations tmrw at 9AM! 
RT @MarkWarnerVA: Good to be back w/ @TimKaine talking about  for VA on the last stop of today’s tour! …
Only way to regain confidence of our veterans &amp; the public is for the President to select new leadership of the VA 
Latest VA IG report demonstrates systemic nature of the problem and that efforts to solve it have not been successful.
RT @SenatorBaldwin: Proud to join my CTE caucus cochairs @robportman &amp; @timkaine in calling for a Career and Technical Scholars Program.  h…
Pleased House Appropriations Cmte included $789M to refuel &amp; overhaul CVN73. Maintaining an 11 carrier fleet is critical to national defense
.@robportman @SenatorBaldwin &amp; I sent a letter to @BarackObama urging him to create a Presidential CTE Scholars Award 
This week, my staff will host Kaine Connects in Warm Springs &amp; Monterey. Please stop by!  
Pleased Senate resolution I cosponsored to recognize  was passed. Important to reflect on accomplishments of  community
Sending my deepest condolences to Dr. Maya Angelou’s family &amp; loved ones. Her inspirational writing &amp; activism touched millions.
RT @IHEID: “The US law is pretty clear: decision of war is up to the congress, the declaration to the President” according to @timkaine’s s…
Proud @MarkWarner &amp; I were named Fiscal Heroes by @FixtheDebt for our efforts to find bipartisan solutions that reduce the deficit
Honored to be speaking at the Graduate Institute Geneva on my efforts to reform War Powers in the Senate @IHEID
Thx @USDA for designating the  as a Critical Conservation Area. Proud to push for this – it will benefit both farmers &amp; environment.
RT @Interior: Some of the world's most beautiful sunrises happen over America's public lands like this one @ShenandoahNPS. …
Grateful for courageous men &amp; women who served our country. Join me in remembering our fallen servicemembers &amp; their families 
Proud to intro  bill to give tax credits to families who open up their hearts &amp; homes to kids in need 
Proud we successfully fought against cuts to commissary benefits for  &amp; called for survey of servicemember benefit preferences 
Pleased FY2015  includes my amendments to authorize funding for refueling &amp; overhaul of USS GW - clear signal we need 11 carrier Navy
Pleased bipartisan  bill passed. Includes key priorities for VA incl. advancing Craney Island Marine Terminal &amp; improving Four Mile Run
Proud to support bipartisan, bicameral deal to invest in training &amp; ed to help US workers attain skills needed for jobs of 21st century 
.@AARPVa @AARPVaSD @AARPVaPrez Great meeting with you!
Loved having Herndon High School seniors drop by the office today! 
I'm proud to cosponsor the ACCTION Act because it recognizes American innovation &amp; tech can reduce carbon pollution 
Heading to @US_SFRC hearing to discuss ways to reform  after Iraq &amp; Afghanistan wars 
Heading to SASC Personnel Subcmte markup to discuss compensation &amp; benefits for servicemembers in FY2015 NDAA  
Unacceptable that companies can reincorporate offshore to avoid US taxes. I intro'ed bill w/ @SenCarlLevin to address 
We're marking up FY15 defense bill in Senate Armed Services cmte all this wk; heading to Readiness Subcmte now 
The Mountain Home VA Medical Center in Bristol is holding an open house for veterans today from 4:00-6:00PM 
This week, my staff will host Kaine Connects in Amherst County &amp; Fishersville. Please stop by! 
Headed to @NATCA conference to talk about impact of budget uncertainty on airports in VA &amp; across US – another reason we need regular order
.@AUSNTweets Grateful for your support!
The progress &amp; change that came w/  guides us and gives us hope that we can address the inequalities that exist today.
Assateague Island is up for best  island in @10Best @USATODAY contest. Got my vote! 
India's election yesterday marked another important milestone for their democracy - congratulations to PM designate Narendra Modi 
I applaud the 'London 11'/Core Group of the Friends of  communique. Need to address humanitarian crisis now. 
Thank you to the @AmericanLegion &amp; @VFWHQ for their support of the  
Expanding military Tuition Assistance to cover cost of credentials will help ease transition into civilian workforce

Proud to introduce the  today to help servicemembers pay for credentials - building on my  
Proud to cosponsor dual enrollment bill to help HS students earn college credit &amp; cut cost of college diploma 
At 9 AM I'll be at @CSIS for a discussion on the need to reform war powers. Watch live: 
RT @CSIS: How to reform the 1973 War Powers Resolution w/ @timkaine tmrw at 9am EST  
RT @AP_Planner: Tomorrow: Sen. @TimKaine speaks at @CSIS on reforming the 1973 War Powers Resolution
Thx to Leesburg’s @KnightSolution1 (VA’s  of the year) for easing veterans’ transition into the workforce 
Great meeting w/ NOVA transportation experts to discuss regional transportation priorities &amp; different… 
Looking fwd to sitting down w/Northern Virginia leaders &amp; policy experts to discuss the region’s top transportation needs &amp; how to fund them
Warm wishes to all the supermoms out there (like mine and Anne!) Happy Mother's Day!
Looking forward to delivering the keynote address at the  Spring Commencement tomorrow! @VSUTrojans
Families &amp; loved ones of those in hot air balloon accident at Mid-Atlantic Balloon Festival are in our thoughts and prayers today.
I was proud to support VT Carilion Medical School as Gov &amp; I'm honored to deliver the keynote speech to the 1st graduating class today!
Today I introduced legislation to help Afghan interpreters who assisted US troops obtain special immigrant visas 
.@RumbleFM99 Thanks for having me! No 'm lucky my record has improved since then.
RT @washinstitute: .@timkaine: Have to balance US strength across military, diplomatic, economic &amp; moral 
Happy birthday to a great American President &amp; one of my political heroes, Harry S. Truman
Heading to @washinstitute's 2014 Weinberg Founders Conference to join panel discussion on US leadership and commitment in the Middle East
On my way to @US_SFRC hearing to discuss what we can do to support Venezuelans working for a stronger democracy
In a few mins I'll be on Lynchburg's WIQO to discuss what @MarkWarner &amp; I calling for to improve rail safety Tune in! 
About to speak w/ @RumbleFM99 about my new bill to ensure servicemembers' preferences heard on compensation/benefits 
I'll be on @WTOP at 7:50AM to discuss great offshore wind news for VA &amp; rail safety after Lynchburg derailment 
RT @MarkWarner: Following our letter, @USDOT has taken steps to ensure railroads are communicating better with first responders …
RT @SenJohnMcCain: Good meeting with my friend &amp; former  PM &amp; Defense Minister Ehud Barak &amp; Senator @TimKaine 
A las 6PM estaré en @CNNDirectoUSA conversando con @jclopezcnn sobre las relaciones de Estados Unidos con Mexico y mas. Sintoniza!
Today’s offshore wind announcement is an exciting step toward a future powered by clean energy &amp; supported by reliable American jobs
Great news- Dept of @ENERGY awards @DomVAPower major grant for wind energy project. VA is ideal hub for offshore wind 
Watch live as I speak at the 44th annual Conference on the Americas about US-Mexico economic ties 
RT @Daily_Press: Sen. @timkaine pushes for survey on military benefits 

Proud the Senate unanimously passed a resolution strongly condemning kidnapping of more than 200 girls in  by Boko Haram militants
On my way to @US_SFRC hearing to learn abt the Administration's plans to oppose Russian aggression &amp; support a free and democratic Ukraine.
The bipartisan Servicemembers’ Compensation Empowerment Act will help us protect the benefits that matter most to our military personnel
RT @SenatorLeahy: Law officers risk their lives for us. We can honor and help protect them by renewing .   @NAPOpolice @BlueAle…
RT @ASCOA: Tomorrow: our DC conference w/ @JohnKerry @PennyPritzker @WHAAsstSecty @timkaine @DevalPatrick @jfamiliar @MoisesNaim …
Proud to introduce bill w/ @JohnCornyn to ensure servicemembers’ voices are heard when it comes to pay &amp; benefits 
Must Read @RTDNEWS piece on the positive impact FASTC will have on Blackstone &amp; entire region surrounding Ft Pickett 
7yr ban on VA poultry in China lifted today-great news for VA growers &amp; ag industry that will be felt across economy 
Great tour of FASTC site w/ @RepRobertHurt @StateDept &amp; @VaNationalGuard–ideal location to train embassy personnel 
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Take time to  who changed your life for the better.
Driving to Fort Pickett to meet w/ local officials &amp; tour the site of the future embassy security training center
@HillaryClinton is the best person to be our 45th president. Here's why: 
Today I encouraged @HillaryClinton to run for president &amp; pledged my support for her candidacy if she does 
Today I wrote to  calling for urgent action to halt the deteriorating humanitarian situation inside Syria 
May is National Foster Care Month- a month to highlight the urgent needs of many young people who find themselves w/o a safe &amp; loving family
Setting up for my Skype session with Harrisonburg High School seniors! 
Take a moment to read my op-ed in @thehill on the need for a consistent, constitutional process on war powers: 
Good luck to the riders kicking off the @USACcollegiate championships in Richmond today!  
HHS reports 200K in VA have gotten coverage through health insurance marketplace; Great start but could be 400K+ more if VA expands Medicaid
.@MarkWarner &amp; I agree we need to enhance efforts to make sure every Virginian has affordable access to broadband. 
Congrats to Melissa Porfirio of Crestwood Elementary School in Springfield, a finalist for the National Teacher of the Year Award!
Thanks to bipartisan work w/ @RepWOLFPress @Jim_Moran @GerryConnolly &amp; @MarkWarner Phase II of Silver Line moving fwd 
At 11AM I’ll call in to @COMMUNITYCLO's 7th annual Send a Kid to Camp radiothon – a great cause in my hometown! 
I’m proud to celebrate the contributions &amp; accomplishments of the  community in VA &amp; throughout the country this month 
Proud to co-sponsor the Women In Combat Symposium w/ @SenGillibrand &amp; @LorettaSanchez, highlighting full integration of women into military
RT @CIIWG: @timkaine on  "standards must be set and must be set in a fair way" 
I’ll be on the @jfradioshow to discuss Afghanistan, IRS issues &amp; in-state tuition for VA DREAMers. Listen live now: 
Sintoniza ahora @lagrand1480! Estaré hablando sobre el anuncio que los VA DREAMers serán elegibles para colegiaturas designadas a residentes
RT @demetriofloress: Hoy Jueves escucha La Gran D 1480, El Senador Tim Kaine hablando sobre los DREAMers y las Colegiaturas del  h…
It's always a pleasure to meet w/Angel Cabrera, President of @GeorgeMasonU! 
Stand ready to do all we can to help Lynchburg after train derailment. Grateful to officials on scene &amp; praying for safety of all in area.
Please be safe during continued heavy rains across Virginia. Read @VDEM's post on how to prepare for floods 
I’m discouraged the Senate failed to raise the  despite bipartisan support from the American public 
On my way to the floor to vote in favor of advancing legislation to  RT if you support!
I'll be chairing a hearing on the future of Afghanistan beyond 2014. Tune in now: 
I believe hard-working Americans deserve an opportunity to lift themselves out of poverty 
Tune in to @EspuelasVox at 3:35PM; will be discussing need to  &amp; in-state tuition for VA  students 
Tune in to @NewsChannel8 at 2:30PM for my conversation w/ Dave Lucas on why we need to 
Great news! @AGMarkHerring announced VA  students can now qualify for in-state tuition 
.@USNavy commitment to build 10 Virginia-class submarines is a huge win for VA &amp; our outstanding shipbuilders 
Lee mi articulo de opinion sobre la importancia de un aumento al salario minimo 
Raising minimum wage is win-win-win: helps Americans put food on their tables, boosts economy, lifts families out of poverty. 
RT @PaulHodges10: @timkaine  My 2 favorite places are the nation's capital, and Blackrock Mountain in Shenandoah National Park. …
What’s your favorite hike in Virginia? Here's my list  
.@CISSWVA Such an important program for kids in SWVA. I hope to be back soon!
In honor of  here's a list of my favorite hikes in Virginia: 
In today’s @PilotOpinion, @evanwolfson &amp; I share why we believe all Americans should have the freedom to marry 
Read my op-ed w/ @evanwolfson on how to advance Jefferson’s ideal of equality by ensuring the  for all 
Tomorrow, my staff will host Kaine Connects w/ @DeptVetAffairs Rural Health Outreach Team in Vinton. Please stop by! 
At @Heartwood_SWVA with my good friend Lu Ellsworth - a perfect way to end a great trip! 
.@bigpapi1958 @BVPSDistrict @cisnational Thanks for having me, great work being done!
.@Cisnational is doing amazing work in VA to help at-risk students reach their educational and professional potential 
Enjoyed touring the new Clean Energy R&amp;D facility in Bristol &amp; seeing their state of the art solar… 
Happy 100th Birthday Wrigley Field! 
Starting the morning off right with coffee from @Zazzy_Z in Abingdon 
Great night in Abingdon - Can't beat back-to-back live music at wolfhills &amp; bbq at Bone Fire Smokehouse! 
Heard same concerns in Abingdon that I heard in Wytheville: we must prioritize workforce training so workers' skills match available jobs
Gorgeous spring day in Bristol! 
Joining Bristol's @News5WCYB at 5:30PM to discuss how expanding workforce training &amp;  will benefit VA - tune in!
Great discussion w/ @emoryandhenry politics students on issue of war powers &amp; my efforts to reform the '73 resolution 
RT @GoParks: @timkaine Thanks for sharing the exciting news about ! 
Stopped by @WythevilleCC medical coding class &amp; spoke w/ student veteran about ways we can improve veterans services 
Great roundtable at @WythevilleCC to discuss how budget certainty &amp; improved workforce development would benefit SWVA 
Happy  - Today is a great reminder of the work we must do to ensure we are cleaner tomorrow than today!
If you're in Bluefield, tune in to @WVVA at 5PM to hear about my work to reduce veterans unemployment &amp; expand  
Heard from small business owners, educators &amp; local leaders in Roanoke - all agreed that increased… 
Wishing all the @bostonmarathon runners a great race day! 
Anne and I wish everyone a very happy Easter! Feeling blessed to be spending mine with family in Richmond.
.@ShenandoahNPS is one of my personal favorites. What's your favorite VA National Park? 
Get outdoors and enjoy the weather during  ! Here's a list of fee-free days 
.@lewisginter We sure did! Thanks for having us.
Tulips at the lewisginter Botanical Garden--strolling with Anne on Good Friday. 
Officially broke ground on the Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre site today! Proud of my… 
The Administration made a great decision in choosing Ft. Pickett as the site for an embassy security training center! Huge win for VA
Great news:  Americans have signed up for private health plans thanks to the  
Stopped at Wilson's BBQ in South Hill for lunch on way to Martinsville. BBQ plate was delicious! 
Tune in to @CBS6 at 5:30PM to watch me discuss my meeting w/ Richmond entrepreneurs &amp; more 
Excited to speak at @AtlanticLIVE event at @urichmond on how Millenials are sparking change! 
Love this dry erase sketch of  by artist @HamiltonGlass that served as backdrop for meeting w/start-ups this AM 
Excellent meeting w/ @Health_Warrior and other  start-ups! I learned a lot about ways to help… 
Our thoughts will always turn to the @Virginia_Tech community on April 16. 
Tune in to the @JackGravelyShow at 9:10AM to hear what I'm up to in Richmond today 
Tune in to @WAVY_News at 4:10 PM for my live interview from @NASA_Langley!  
Today at @NASA_Langley I learned about Doppler Wind Lidar technology &amp; how it can help measure wind… 
Making the rainy drive to @NASA_Langley to learn about its newest research &amp; development projects – stay tuned for photos!
As we reflect on last year’s Boston Marathon bombings, we remember the strength &amp; courage of the survivors &amp; their loved ones 
RT @NASA_Langley: Welcome  Sen. @timkaine visiting here today to learn more about research and tech development.
My warmest wishes go out to those celebrating Passover tonight. Anne &amp; I look forward to joining friends at our annual neighborhood Seder.
Perfect timing to make a stop at Mr. Jefferson's University, it's TJ's birthday week! 
What better way to join Instagram than with 400 uva politics students in my 1st photo? Thanks to… 
On my way to @LarrySabato's class to deliver the final guest lecture of his last semester teaching Intro to American Politics
Saw career &amp; tech ed in action at CVCC in Lynchburg; great model for how we can strengthen CTE programs across US 
RT @VisitHenrico: Sen. @timkaine rolled up his sleeves for Citizen Day in  to help paint a couple's home.     …
Great @RTDNEWS piece on the fight for recognition of VA Indian tribes &amp; their contributions to our culture &amp; history 
.@Rachel__Leah @LarrySabato I'm excited too! Thx for having me.
RT @ABABankingNews: ICYMI: @TimKaine &amp; ABA's Keating had fun Fri. teaching kids "needs vs wants" for Teach Children to Save Day  h…
Praying for victims &amp; community in Kansas today. Take a moment to read my statement: 
Thanks @CvilleVAchamber for having me this AM; glad to share efforts to get back to normal budget order and find compromise in Congress
It was great to see the @Vamilitary Corps marching in Richmond for the premiere of The Field of Lost Shoes yesterday! 
Thanks to all the volunteers who came out to help us with Operation Paintbrush today!  
Excited to kick off my 1st  project in Richmond today! Learn more about my new volunteer initiative: 
Grateful to Bill Burns for his 3 decades of excellent service. Truly one of our country’s greatest diplomats.
.@HollinMeadowsES kids agreed that an IPod is a want not a need, but were split on pets!  
Loved talking w/ kids at @HollinMeadowsES about importance of saving money!  
@WCNRTheCorner in 2 mins to hear what I'll be up to in Charlottesville Monday 
Tune in to @JFRadioShow now to learn more about , my volunteer initiative kicking off this Saturday 
In a few minutes I'll be on Kiss FM w/ @CommunityClo to discuss my upcoming service project . Tune in! 
Tune in to @1070WINA where I'll be discussing my new  initiative and my upcoming visit to Charlottesville! 
Stay connected and up to date on my work in the Senate by liking my facebook page: 
Great news for VA! @usairforce will keep Office of Scientific Research in Arlington. Proud of my work w/ @MarkWarner &amp; @Jim_Moran on this.
It's time to grant 6 Indian tribes long overdue federal recognition for their contributions to VA's rich history 
50 yrs after Civil Rights Act, thankful for those who sacrificed so much in the effort to truly make us one nation indivisible
.@MarkWarner @RTDNEWS True – too bad we were both beat by a flying squirrel  @gosquirrels
Today I met w/ the president of the shipbuilders council of America. Did you know that Virginia leads the nation in most shipbuilding jobs?
Through  we can highlight causes &amp; organizations that help Virginians in need - like Operation Paintbrush 
I'm deeply disappointed that many of my Senate colleagues just voted to deny hard-working women 
Join me Saturday to kick off my  initiative w/ a community service project in Henrico County 
Proud to receive @SavetheChildren's Champion for Children award 
Just met with @PMaurerICRC, President of @ICRC, to discuss the humanitarian crisis in Syria and what ICRC is doing to help
Students from King George HS had great questions about tech, the minimum wage and unemployment insurance. 
On my way to meet w/ Foreign Minister of Israel to discuss strong  partnership and mid-east regional issues
RT @MOMsOrganicMrkt: Tim Kaine, US senator and former VA governor gives MOM's a shout-out on the Senate floor!


It's hard to believe that in 2014 women in VA earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns. It's time for  
The Senate unanimously approved resolution I intro'd w/ @marcorubio calling for a new humanitarian strategy in  
Proud to pass bipartisan bill to  for millions of vulnerable Americans struggling to find their next job.
Women in Virginia earn 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. RT if you support  for equal work. 
It's time to pass the  b/c the gender pay gap hurts women and their families. 
.@60minutes tells inspiring story of the nurses behind the Health Wagon &amp; how expanding Medicaid in Virginia can help 
Read my @RTDNEWS on war powers – b/c we owe it to our troops to be clear about how we make these critical decisions. 
Tune in to @FoxNews Sunday in just a few minutes to watch my discussion w/ Rep. McCaul on the Fort Hood tragedy and military base security
Tomorrow morning I’ll be on @FoxNews Sunday to discuss the Fort Hood tragedy and military base security
OP-ED: Sending American service members into battle is the most important decision civilian leaders can make 
I'm excited to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the founding of Reston &amp; founder Bob Simon’s 100th birthday today!
RT @MarkWarner: Proud to work w/@timkaine @RepRobertHurt &amp; @RepMGriffith to bring jobs to Martinsville/HenryCo: 
Proud of my bipartisan work w/ @markwarner @reproberthurt @RepMGriffith to help secure permit for Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre!
Best of luck to our new office neighbors in Danville @GetFitDanRiver on an important challenge.  
Good luck to the @Nationals in today's home opener! 
.@SenSherrodBrown @Indians  Ramirez?
Made a quick pit stop at the Apple House in Front Royal for some delicious cinnamon apple donuts 
On my way to Front Royal for the launch of the @ShenandoahNPS quarter. Happy @usmint is honoring such a beautiful national park!
Headed to @GeorgeMasonU to give the 3rd Annual Kingsley Haynes Lecture on my efforts to reform war powers cc: @MasonPolicy
So grateful for the work of my good friend Jerry Baliles at @Miller_Center –one of the major reasons for my interest in reforming war powers
On my way to the @WhiteHouse for the signing of the Gabriella Miller  Research Act! Learn more: 
Congratulations to VADM Jan Tighe, the new commander of US Fleet Cyber Command/ 10th Fleet &amp; 1st woman to command a Fleet in @USNavy!
Congrats to @cityofdanville &amp; Japan Tobacco International on a beautiful new entrance to Danville's River District 
.@MattLaslo worth the wait to talk federal recognition for 6 VA Indian tribes; thanks for covering this important issue for the Commonwealth
En algunos minutos estare hablando sobre el aumento al salario minimo, Sintoniza 
Pleased @ChrisLu44 was confirmed @USDOL Dep. Secretary. Looking fwd to his work to improve workforce training &amp;  opportunities for all
Grateful our bill to grant fed. recognition to 6 VA Indian tribes passed out of @IndianCommittee - 1 step closer to recognition they deserve
No one who works full time should live in poverty. More from my remarks today on why we must : 
RT the great news: Thanks to the ,  have signed up for private health coverage 
.@TuxedoPandas I'm glad I did, thanks for inviting me to participate!
ICYMI: This morning I spoke on the need to  and other topics affecting working families. Watch here: 
At 7:30AM I’ll sit down w/ @Fox5DCAllison &amp; @stevechenevey to talk about how raising the  will benefit VA’s families &amp; economy
Tune in to @wusa9 at 6:45AM for my conversation with @mikehydeck &amp; @abuddy on why we need to 
.@SenSherrodBrown @Reds @MLB Correct, I gave you an easy one to start off the season!
Wishing my very good friend @SenAngusKing a happy birthday!
Excited it's @MLB opening day! Which MLB franchise is the only team that gets to open every season at home? Bonus: why? cc: @SenSherrodBrown
Heading to floor to speak about 4/5 Afghan elections-significant milestone for country &amp; Afghan people; watch here 
Scott Nash, owner of @MOMsOrganicMrkt in Alexandria, &amp; I agree that it's time to  for working families 
Hoy es el ultimo día para inscribirse en un plan de salud, ! →
On my way to @MOMsOrganicMrkt in Alexandria to discuss their practice of paying more than min wage &amp; why it's good for business
Great piece on VA college students who turn their passion for tech into a fun &amp; creative problem-solving exercise: 
It's race day at @MartinsvilleSwy! Good luck to all the drivers in the STP 500. 
Heartbreaking loss for the Hoos last night. Congrats on an incredible season @UVA
@amyebridge Of course! I always go with the chocolate shake
Can't drive through Staunton without stopping at Wright's Dairy-Rite! Headed home now to watch @UVA beat MSU  
Enjoyed hearing abt Vision2025 &amp; discussing impt of funding education &amp; transpo, expanding Medicaid for Alleghany Co. 
On my way to  Dabney S. Lancaster Community College in Clifton Forge to discuss economic development in the region w/ local leaders
Join more than 6 mil. people who have signed up for private health plans and  by March 31. 
 to when a woman could be charged more for health insurance just because of her gender. Now that’s illegal 
I just voted to pass much-needed economic assistance for the people and government of  &amp; sanctions on  
I'm asking @StateDept to expedite processing of visas for Afghan interpreters in danger for aiding US troops-
RT If you think it's time for Congress to  for Americans who need relief while they look for their next job.
I had a great time meeting with students from Blue Ridge Middle School yesterday! 
Hoy me reuní con lideres empresariales de Virginia, Carlos Del Toro y Carlos Castro, para hablar sobre la economia. 
Congrats to @JMUWBasketball on an amazing season! 
No one can get enough of VA’s delicious oysters! Read the success story of a local favorite: family-owned @RROysters 
Great news! The National Park Service announced that the Washington Monument will re-open on May 12, after years of repairs.
RT to thank farmers in Virginia and across the country for working hard to feed the nation! 
This is not just a women’s issue, it’s a family issue and an economic issue.  
Whether a woman needs it for family planning or other medical reasons, corporate CEOs shouldn’t decide what medication she uses
I hope  rules in favor of a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. RT if you agree 
Sending my deepest condolences, thoughts &amp; prayers to those impacted by last night's shooting at Naval Station Norfolk.
At 8:35AM I’ll join Jimmy Barrett on @1140WRVA to discuss how Medicaid expansion would help &gt;400K Virginians 
In 5 minutes I’ll join @jfradioshow to talk Medicaid expansion &amp; my bipartisan work to address the crisis in Syria   
Great to see today's @google homepage honor Dorothy Height of  for her work advancing civil rights &amp; women's equality 
Met w/ cast of @TurnAMC who have been filming in &amp; around Richmond. Can't wait to see local spots when it premieres! 
Hoy celebramos el cuarto aniv. de la ley del cuidado de salud asequible,   en , tienes hasta el 31 de marzo
4 yrs later,  has protected people w/ pre-existing conditions, reduced the deficit &amp; expanded free preventive care
Thx Team @frc1086 for writing &amp; asking that I come by to meet you at yesterday’s  - So glad that I did! 
The under-told impact of Medicaid expansion is how it would help rural Virginians who lack access to care. 
The @ramusaorg clinic in Wise County shows us why Medicaid expansion is critical to VA. Read my @roanoketimes op-ed 
@ParkdaleRobotic  Good luck! Look fwd to seeing you there today
Headed to the @VirginiaFIRST  at the @SiegelCenter to cheer on VA's robotics teams! 
Disappointing loss for @vcu last night. Congrats to the Rams on a great season
Rooting for @UVA and @VCU tonight, make Virginia proud!  
We can never take the right to vote for granted. Reflections from the Civil Rights Pilgrimage led by @repjohnlewis: 
Great to see the @DoleFoundation honor military caregivers, including McLean's Patty Horan  
Filled out my  bracket. I have @VCU in the Sweet 16 &amp; @UVA going all the way. Who’s in your ? 
Congrats @newcollegeinst on a well-deserved @usda grant to expand telemedicine &amp; distance learning programs in southern VA
Today I called on the President to issue an executive order to protect LGBT workers from workplace discrimination 
Congrats @nsuspartanz for ranking #3 on the @peacecorps 2014 list of top volunteer-producing HBCUs!
This week, members of my staff will host Kaine Connects in Tazewell, Woodstock, Clinchco &amp; Richmond. Please stop by! 
ICYMI: In @DefenseNewsTV interview I discuss why we need to maintain an 11-carrier Navy 
Please stay safe if you’re out in the snow today. Here’s a map showing which streets have been plowed in your area: 
Happy St. Patrick’s Day!
My statement on Russia’s recognition of today’s referendum in Crimea: 
Settling in after church for 1 pm @UVA and @VCU conference final games.  I love March!
Happy ! Great day to celebrate  education
Solo faltan 17 dias para obtener cobertura. Visita  
Don't miss a very thoughtful post on the Victims Protection Act by my staffer Karen, an Air Force Reserve Officer 
Pleased about the bipartisan Senate deal to  - a critical  shouldn't have been this hard
At today’s vigil, I stood  by calling for more humanitarian aid for those suffering violence &amp; displacement 
RT if you stand with more than 5 million children who need humanitarian aid  
Great news! Senate passed  which helps Virginians by ensuring families have access to quality, affordable childcare 
At today’s hearing on  I stressed the need for science-driven policy that enables the US to get cleaner tomorrow than today
Millions of Syrians have been forced to flee their homes. It’s time to stand 
Today @marcorubio and I introduced a bipartisan resolution calling for a new humanitarian strategy for  
I enjoyed talking with Virginia's United States @SenateYouth delegates tonight! 
I look forward to joining @DardenMBA students tonight for a discussion about business &amp; govt, and my work on the Armed Services Committee
Honored to meet w/Chiefs of Missions for many countries I oversee as Mid-East subcmte chair who were in town for @StateDept conference today
.@BillGates stopped by &amp; heard from my staffer Alvaro about the opportunities afforded to him thx to @GatesScholars 
Good luck to the Hokies in their first round  game!
Expanding RCPS+ is a great move for Virginians as it trains the next generation of STEM professionals. Learn more: 
Deeply grateful Fredericksburg’s Josh Hardy will receive the medication he needs. My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ him &amp; his family 
Looking forward to discussing my  speech on @WHRO's HearSay w/ Cathy Lewis today at 12:25 pm. Tune in: 
In Armed Services Cmte hearing I asked General Dunford about upcoming Afghan elections &amp; was pleased to hear security will be high priority
Proud to back this impt bill MT @SmashingWalnuts: Thx @OrrinHatch &amp; @timkaine for your support of Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act!
Proud to lead effort w/ @MarkWarner @EricCantor to pass Gabriella Miller  Research Act cc: @smashingwalnuts 
Tune in to the @dailyrundown at 9:35AM for my discussion w/ @chucktodd on the need to invest in clean energy
Please stop by Kaine Connects this wk in Botetourt Co., Lebanon, Clifton Forge, Bristol, Grundy, Lovingston &amp; Crozet: 
In a few minutes I'll speak on the Senate floor on the need to reduce pollution &amp; invest in clean energy  
Looking fwd to joining @chucktodd tmrw at 9:35AM to discuss clean energy &amp; the  Senate speeches
At 10PM tonight I will join my Senate colleagues in standing . Tune in: 
Proud to join Senators across party lines to pass bill that protects &amp; empowers survivors of military sexual assault 
Loved watching a demonstration by @NOVA_Stem Robotics Team 1 before they go to the @VEXRobotics Championship in April 
Great discussion w/ @NovaAccess students in Alexandria about how  classes prepare them for jobs in Northern VA 
Truly a moving day – humbled to march w/ @repjohnlewis for the commemoration of the 1965 Edmund Pettus Bridge crossing in Selma
Today we celebrate the economic, political &amp; social achievements of women across the globe &amp; pledge to keep striving for equality 
Don’t miss my conversation w/ @SenAngusKing on @WGANNews at 10AM tmrw on our visit to the Middle East 
Couldn't resist. The band was playing Stormy Monday Blues, a personal favorite RT @ChrisMurphyCT @timkaine, show off. 
Wishing all of our @USParalympics athletes good luck! 
Honored to join the 14th annual @FaithNPolitics Civil Rights Pilgrimage this wkend led by @repjohnlewis. First stop, Clarksdale MS  
.@TheEllenShow inspired @MarkWarner and me to take some selfies w/ VA small business owners at our coffee this AM 
What an honor to have His Holiness the @DalaiLama offer the opening prayer for today's session
At 8:30 AM I'll join @mikemosswtop &amp; @JoanJ to discuss the situation in Ukraine and the President's budget. Tune in: 
In this morning's Armed Services Cmte hearing I'll ask Secretary Hagel about the defense budget's impact on VA &amp; 11-carrier fleet
Fellow Budget Cmte member @MarkWarner &amp; I weighed in on the President’s budget proposal. Read our statements here: 
I was honored to speak at @actecareertech’s policy seminar about the importance of strengthening  
Happy 40th anniversary @NatWICAssoc! Thx for your important work to support mothers &amp; families 
Please stay safe tonight as snow &amp; ice begin to accumulate on the roads in VA.
Pleased @NatlParkService will award &gt;$150K to protect battlefields in VA through the program my bipartisan battlefield bill reauthorizes
As we pay tribute to the countless contributions of women throughout history, let’s keep fighting for equal pay 
Proud to be partners on this issue  MT @SenatorBaldwin Proud to work w/ @timkaine &amp; @robportman to designate Feb as Month -TB
Congrats to @JohnWalsh on his maiden floor speech today. Grateful for his service &amp; hope to work together on efforts to support veterans
Great video featuring @billclinton on the importance of expanding the right to vote  
Proud to join @robportman @SenatorBaldwin to intro resolution celebrating career &amp;technical education &amp; encouraging educators to promote CTE
The Syrian refugee crisis is an unacceptable disaster. Headed to Senate floor to call for unhindered humanitarian access. Tune in on CSPAN2
@RepScottRigell Thanks!
Staff surprised me w/ a baseball almanac so I can achieve my new year’s resolution &amp; stump @SenSherrodBrown in trivia 
Impt @OperationFree @SolarFound report on matching vets skills w/ solar jobs. Great example of  goals: 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!  Cc: @SenatorCarper @ToddyPuller @RTDSchapiro
Grateful to the survivors of military sexual assault who courageously shared their stories today as we discussed how to improve treatment
Enjoyed meeting Virginians NC1 Linda Gilmore &amp; LCDR James Hornef from the USS ENTERPRISE today 
About to chair a subcommittee hearing on recent political &amp; security developments in Lebanon, following my visit last wk w/newly formed govt
.@bennyjohnson As the only  Senator to have defeated a cat in a general election, I accept. 
Take a moment to read my op-ed in @thehill on how we can send the right signal on renewable energy 
In Armed Services Cmte hearing, DoD nominees agreed w/ me – maintaining 11-carrier Navy is critical &amp; required by law 
Very qualified nominee &amp; fellow Richmonder MT @MarkWarner @timkaine and I intro'ed Hannah Lauck at Senate hrg today 
Headed to Armed Services Cmte hearing - will question DoD nominees on the impacts of the defense budget on our national security priorities.
At 7:20AM I’ll talk w/ my friend @jfradioshow about my visit to the Middle East. Listen live: 
This week, my staff will host Kaine Connects in Annandale, Burke, Christiansburg &amp; Pearisburg. Please stop by! 
Great job by my friend @SenAngusKing on today's reading of Washington's Farewell Address, continuing one of the Senate's oldest traditions
Took too long, but UNSCR on Syria if fully implemented is good step forward. Signals world is watching those who obstruct humanitarian aid.
RT @MarkWarner: Huge step toward securing almost $2B loan for Rail to Dulles - impt for  jobs &amp; economic growth: 
RT @MarkWarner: A lot of us have worked hard for many years to keep Rail to Dulles on track - thx to @timkaine @RepWOLFPress @Jim_Moran @Ge…
Great visit w/VA servicemembers serving w/Multinational Force &amp; Observers peacekeeping mission in the Sinai  
Good luck to our men's @usahockey team!  
Thx to youth leaders who took the time to meet w/ me today &amp; discuss ways to ensure Egypt's democratic progress 
Come on  women’s hockey! On the edge of our seats  
.@SenAngusKing &amp; I were moved by the memorial honoring US personnel killed while serving in Lebanon 
Great photo of VA’s 1st Lt. David Gerardo &amp; his fiancé Nicole after he returned from Afghanistan–thx for sharing! 
Had productive meetings in Egypt today w/ government officials, youth leaders &amp; opposition members. 
Enjoyed meeting Foreign Service Officers in Beirut from Arlington, Culpeper, Manassas, Winchester &amp; Alexandria 
In Lebanon today, @SenAngusKing &amp; I met w/leader of newly formed government, PM Salam as well as President Sleiman   
Best of luck to VA’s @AshWagner2010 in today’s @USFigureSkating short program!  
Happy 87th birthday to my friend fmr Sen. John Warner, a remarkable public servant &amp; role model
Was a pleasure to meet foreign service officers serving in Tel Aviv from Arlington, Alexandria, Reston &amp; Herndon, VA 
Caught a beautiful sunrise over the Jaffa Gate this morning - Old City, Jerusalem 
Had substantive discussion w/Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas today on peace between Israel, Palestine 
Readout of meetings in Ramallah today w/Palestinian Authority. Also met w/Israeli Justice Minister, Knesset members 
Here's a full readout from our day in Israel  cc: @SenAngusKing
In mtg w/PM @netanyahu today, we affirmed support for US-Israeli bilat security, incl mil assistance &amp; intel sharing 
In Israel today, @SenAngusKing &amp; I visited an Iron Dome site near Gaza border-got a briefing from Battalion Commander 
Tonight I’ll leave for a week-long trip to the Middle East w/ @SenAngusKing to meet w/ leaders in Israel, the West Bank &amp; Egypt.
In the spirit of , don’t miss my @BuzzFeed piece for 14 Reasons Virginia is for Lovers 
Happy  to my beautiful wife Anne &amp; to all Virginians.
RIP Hank the Cat.  See you in your next life.
Great day for Virginia 
Thx! RT @Howeja19  Loving the @timkaine @BuzzFeed  
Glad you like it! RT @MatthewBDavey Great Buzzfeed article by @timkaine on why Virginia is for Lovers!  
Helpful  map shows which streets have been plowed in your area: 
While you’re snowed in, check out my 1st @BuzzFeed article on why Virginia is for Lovers – just in time for Feb 14th 
@AbsolutelyDc Nope – we’ll still be there
Great news that @amazon will add 1000 jobs in Chesterfield County &amp; Dinwiddie County. 
Please be cautious as the winter storm makes its way through VA tonight &amp; tmrw. Helpful info on how to be prepared: 
I’m extremely heartened that Congress has again chosen economic certainty over crisis-budgeting &amp; brinksmanship. 
I’m pleased we were able to make things right for current servicemembers. Read my full statement here: 
.@ChrisLu44  I was honored to do it. Can’t think of anyone better to lead @USDOL efforts to improve workforce training &amp; access to 
Proud to join @MarkWarner to intro amendment that finds savings to replace COLA reductions. Mirrors our bill from Dec 
Honored to meet WWII veterans &amp; Virginians John Cheban, Arthur Ordel &amp; Robert Sales. Humbled by their service 
On my way to Fort Myer to join @fhollande to honor the service of 6 World War II veterans – including 3 Virginians
A big welcome to Senator @JohnWalsh! Looking fwd to working together
.@BrianWillPower Excited for all of the work we’ll do to strengthen 
.@KimberlyAdams Thx! Investments from pre-k to higher ed are so critical
Pleased the Senate took an impt step toward the repeal of military pension reductions that unfairly impact our veterans &amp; military families
Great discussion w/ @VAUnion1865 students about public service &amp; the importance of investing in education 
Very proud of  Olympians &amp; Paralympians from VA! Good luck!  @AshleySkis @AshWagner2010 @USParalympics 
Can’t wait!  RT @CTEMedia: Thrilled that Senator @timkaine plans to join ACTE for our upcoming  school visit to see CTE in action!
At Reid Elementary School in RVA I learned about the @cisnational program that gives students resources for success 
Listened to stories from Richmonders who have been searching for work &amp; struggling to put food on the table  
Headed to a jobs center in Richmond to talk about why we need to 
.@chesapeakebay Thx! Protecting the  has always been a top priority of mine
Our country is great because we are the sons and daughters of immigrants, and I think we should all be very proud of that.
We have such a large national debt because George W. Bush gave tax breaks to billionaires and took us into two wars he forgot to pay for.
The evidence is clear: Fracking is a danger to our health and our planet. We must phase out fracking nationwide. 
People who need a tax cut are not those who are raking in millions and millions each year, but the struggling middle class.
We have a situation now where Wall Street banks are not only too big to fail, they are too big to jail.
We need a pro-worker agenda, not an austerity agenda that will strangle the middle class of this country even more than it is hurting today.
Great move by the NBA pulling next year's All-Star Game from NC. We must stand with our LGBTQ brothers and sisters. 
No serious platform of ideas should try to disenfranchise voters, fight against gay rights and take away health care of millions.
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering. We will not turn our backs on refugees fleeing violence.
After centuries of racism, sexism and discrimination in our country, the last thing we need are candidates who promote bigotry.
Our country needs somebody who brings us together, not divides us up.
The federal minimum wage of $ is a starvation wage. It’s time to raise it to $15 an hour. 
We cannot afford to elect people who, despite all of the scientific evidence, believe that climate change is a hoax.
To discourage young people from going to college due to cost isn't just a tragedy for those kids. It will be a tragedy for our nation.
We should end the regressive policy of government making billions in profits off student loans taken out by low and middle income families
We are practically the only nation that doesn't offer family leave so that parents can be with their baby. That to me is an enormous shame.
Republican governors are working overtime to suppress voters and make it harder for people to participate in the democratic process.
The Republican Party could stand to remember who founded this country, and stop demonizing immigrants and refugees at every turn.
Republicans should worry less about targeting LGBT individuals and more about paying our workers a wage that they can live on.
We should want more people voting, not less. This is a huge victory over Republicans' attempts to suppress the vote. 
When Wall Street talks, Congress listens. When working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?
AstraZeneca cannot be allowed to put profits over patients' health. Americans must have access to low-cost generics. 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick. 
Republican fear-mongering is making this country unsafe for people who have done nothing wrong.
The surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. We can and will change that.
We must say no to those who promote hatred and to make certain that we create an America that works for all of us.
I wish that Congress would respect our planet as much as it respects big banks.
It is crazy that we have Republicans who not only will not raise the minimum wage, but want to do away with the concept of a minimum wage.
We need a system that works not just for millionaires and billionaires, but for all of us. 
It really is an embarrassment that Republican politicians, with few exceptions, refuse to even recognize the reality of climate change.
We need to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour over the next few years, and implement pay equity for women workers.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply, the air we breathe and it’s contributing to climate change. Time to phase out fracking nationwide.
With real unemployment near 10 percent, we need a jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of jobs.
Both the @EPA and the @theNASciences have shown clear evidence that hydraulic fracturing can lead to a contaminated water supply.
RT @TulsiGabbard: People are frustrated with the same-old politics as usual. The problem is simple: too many of our leaders have forgotten…
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country, and not just the 1 percent.
Billions of dollars are being funneled into our elections in a form of legalized bribery.
Trump’s Supreme Court nominees would, like Scalia, oppose a woman’s right to choose, support Citizens United and gut the Voting Rights Act.
Trump’s economic plan: let states lower the federal minimum wage of $ an hour, already a starvation wage.
Trump’s economic plan: same old, same old trickle-down economics. Pathetic. 
Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? 
Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.” My supporters understand that we must move away from fossil fuels, not expand them. 
Our movement understands that what we don't need is Trump's huge tax breaks for millionaires. 
Looks like Ted Cruz was right about one thing. Trump does not understand what the Constitution is about. 
Trump: “I alone can fix this.” Maybe he doesn’t understand that a president has to work with Congress. 
Trump: “I alone can fix this.”
Is this guy running for president or dictator? 
Still waiting for a single word about covering the 28 million Americans without health insurance. I guess they don’t matter much to Trump.
Citizens United is one of the worst decisions in our history. Will Trump mention it or is he too afraid of the Koch brothers? 
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump clothing in Mexico. 
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump ties in China.
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump shirts in Bangladesh at 30-cents an hour. 
What a hypocrite! If Trump wants to "fix" trade he can start by making his products in the US, not low-wage countries abroad. 
Trump’s economic plan: $ trillion in tax breaks for millionaires, cut programs for low-income Americans. 
Trump’s big economic plans: Give trillions in tax breaks to millionaires, refuse to raise the federal minimum wage. 
 
Trump is wrong. The real cause of instability in the Middle East was the Bush-Cheney invasion of Iraq. By the way, where is President Bush?
We believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up.
Those who voted for me will not support Trump who has made bigotry and divisiveness the cornerstone of his campaign. 
Will Trump mention climate change, the great environmental crisis of our time? Been waiting for a year now. 
Every American over 18 must be automatically registered to vote so that young people can make their voices heard at the ballot box.
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.
Change comes when the people demand it — in the voting booth and on the streets in peaceful demonstrations.
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is the struggle of a lifetime.
When the votes of minorities are suppressed, it becomes easier for politicians who represent billionaires to win and hold elected office.
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos or Muslims. We are going to stand together.
Make no mistake: the billionaire class does not want young and working people to vote.
In the shameful days of open segregation, literacy laws were used to suppress minority voting. Today, Republicans do it with photo ID laws.
Through a Prize Fund we can provide affordable access to medicines as soon as they are available on the market.
The prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions Americans and people die because of it.
It should offend the conscience of every American when the votes of minorities are suppressed.

Poverty should not be a death sentence, neither in the United States nor anywhere else.  Yet it is, much to our disgrace.
We will defeat Donald Trump because we know that love trumps hatred.

It’s fun for the media to treat Trump like a character in a soap opera, but the truth is his language is dangerous.
In my view, it makes a lot more sense to be investing in jobs and education, than more jails and incarceration.
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice, for environmental sanity and for peace.
If @realDonaldTrump wants to open the door to racism, it is our job to shut that door, and shut it tight.
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
I believe we have a moral obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military intervention.
Trump suggested limiting immigration according to religion and creating a national database based on religion – absolutely disgraceful.
If you agree that we are better than what we saw at  &amp; that we are stronger together, get involved here: 
There’s about as much chance that Mexico pays 4 @realDonaldTrump's wall, as there is that Trump pays all those vendors he stiffed 
This, @realDonaldTrump is why you won't be POTUS: "Anyone who endorses violence, hatred or oppression is not welcome." 
Muslims are our friends, family, neighbors, &amp; co-workers. @realDonaldTrump's attacks on them are an attack on us all. 
.@realDonaldTrump says he wants to do for US what @Mike_Pence did for IN. Anti-gay, anti-women's health policies are un-American. 
.@realDonaldTrump couldn't even make money running a casino. Imagine what he'd do to the US economy.  
Message to @realDonaldTrump: people can't be "illegal." 
Honored to be joining Democrats at the Convention next week &amp; making the case for why we must vote our conscience &amp; elect @HillaryClinton.
Former Governors use the airport too! 
.@GovWalker- we served our states together &amp; you are “better than this” A real man would never say that about @HillaryClinton. 
Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Congrats to my friend @timkaine on being @hillaryclinton's running mate! Excited to stand w/you both &amp; fight for safer c…
RT @SherrodBrown: My friend @timkaine brings knowledge and experience to what is already the most qualified Presidential ticket in my lifet…
Welcome to the team, @TimKaine. 
RT @clairecmc: He's 's incredibly 's a joyful warrior,a kind &amp; thoughtful 'll be a wonderful VP! Congrats to my f…
RT @timkaine: ¡Honrado de ser el candidato a la vicepresidencia de @HillaryClinton! 
RT @NARAL: NARAL president @ilyseh on Hillary Clinton's VP pick @timkaine:    …
RT @NPR: About Tim Kaine:  
Meet @TimKaine—Hillary's running mate and the next vice president of the United States. 
RT @JeffFlake: Trying to count the ways I hate @timkaine. Drawing a blank. Congrats to a good man and a good friend.
RT @Everytown: Senator @TimKaine is a gunsense champion of the first order. 
RT @timkaine: Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!
RT @BarbaraBoxer: .@TimKaine has a big heart and showed it as a civil rights lawyer, a teacher, a mayor, a governor, and a senator. https:/…
RT @HillaryforVA: Virginia's own @timkaine has joined Team Hillary—now it's your turn:   …
.@TimKaine's guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service. 
RT @Hillary_esp: Encantada de anunciar mi candidato a la vicepresidencia @TimKaine quien ha dedicado su vida a luchar por los demás-H https…
.@TimKaine is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it.

I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H 
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people. 
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead : Love trumps hate." —Hillary
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America." —Hillary in Tampa
"I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." —Hillary
"We need more love and kindness in this  last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." —Hillary
"He sure doesn’t speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and that’s what we’re going to be." —Hillary on Trump
"He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." —Hillary 
"He doesn’t speak for  don’t think he speaks for women. I don’t think he speaks for working families." —Hillary on Trump
"As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" —Hillary 
"I've never heard an American  that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." —Hillary
Donald Trump’s speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentment—but no solutions.
“I never thought I’d say these words, but Ted Cruz was  this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience.” —Hillary
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." —Hillary on the RNC
"I think after the last 'd better be ready to go win an election in November." —Hillary in Tampa
RT @albamonica: Hillary Clinton is paying respects at the Pulse nightclub memorial in Orlando 
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
What Trump really means when he says "Make America Great Again”: 
RT @ABC: Pres. Obama on RNC: "Some of the fears that were expressed throughout the week just don't jive with the facts." …
This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's America.

Don't let it.

WATCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination → 
RT @MHarrisPerry: I’ve watched every moment of political conventions since 1984. Tonight I left early. I was afraid. …
RT @JamilSmith: "Couldn't have said it better," wrote the former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard about Trump's convention speech. …
RT @RyanLizza: Leading criminologist on Trump's speech: “A good illustration of how to lie with statistics.” 
Donald Trump doesn't represent us.
His ideas don't represent us.
And his values don't represent us.
Add your name: 
President. Donald. Trump.

Get your free sticker to show the world you're not about to let that happen: 
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House: 
As of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker: 
This is real—Donald Trump just accepted the @GOP nomination.

RT if you agree: We can't let him become president. 
"I’m with you*" —@realDonaldTrump

*Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, 
History is watching. 
RT @Hillary_esp: Sí, construiremos un muro—entre tú y la presidencia, Donald Trump. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's plan mostly benefits billionaires -- and millionaires like Donald Trump. 
Every 👈  time 👈 @realDonaldTrump 👈 makes 👈 you 👈 mad 👈 chip 👈 in👈  $1.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Fixed it for you.   
We are better than this.
RT @BernieSanders: Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the…
Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy,”  @realDonaldTrump. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: This is literally Donald Trump's plan to fight ISIS.  
Here's how the Republican ticket would "protect" LGBT Americans.  
Trump is right about one thing.  
You are not our voice, @realDonaldTrump.
.@TheEconomist ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy.  
Let's review the record. 
If Trump wants to talk about debt, let’s start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump is just wrong about crime.    
RT @TheBriefing2016: This itself is a lie.   
Show @realDonaldTrump that his hateful words have a cost. Chip in $1 every time he lies.  
👀   
About @realDonaldTrump's views on working women and pregnancy. 
Follow @TheBriefing2016 tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s  speech. The best facts, in fact.
RT @dominiclowell: Thank you to the @NBA for standing with the LGBT community today! A big win for equality and fairness over discriminatio…
RT @Hillary_esp: Primero, un "taco bowl". Y ahora, Joe Arpaio. Nada más que decir. 
.@MarshaBlackburn has the best words when you're not running for president.  
"I already have a concentration 's called Tent City." —Joe Arpaio, Trump endorser and  speaker 
Introducing ¡Hillary en español!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow @Hillary_esp.
"It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." —@SenateMajLdr on Trump

We couldn't agree more, Mitch 
So much for party unity.

RT @JohnKasich: The only one to benefit by casting our commitment to NATO in doubt is Russia.  
"Dummy."
"Slob."
"Animal."

Here's what @realDonaldTrump has said about you:  
Mike Pence introduced himself to America last night. Here's what we learned—and what he forgot to mention: 
It’s hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have said—so we did it for you. 
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat.  
"A sniveling coward" 
"Carnival barker"
Just some of the things Republicans at the  have said about Trump: 
Hillary's spent her career helping others. @realDonaldTrump? He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison: 
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad!   
RT @RyanEGraney: BEST THING EVER. What has Donald Trump said about people like you?   …
"If I were in charge, they would  is how we'd baptize terrorists." —Sarah Palin, Trump supporter 
Introducing : Discover what @realDonaldTrump thinks about people like you.  
"You do not represent us.
Your ideas don’t represent us.
Your values don’t represent us."

Add your name: 
Donald Trump  right. 

Vote your conscience. 
Don’t boo—buck Trump 👉   
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@mike_pence Speaking of abandoning your 


Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indiana—and cost the state millions in the process.  
You don't say, Mike.  
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Mike Pence: bigotry with a heaping side of terrible economic stewardship. 
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President.  
A few things you should know about Trump's V̶P̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ convention speaker, Newt Gingrich. 

RT @TheBriefing2016: Newt once compared Planned Parenthood to ISIS. Yeah.  
RT @Hillary_esp: Y ahora le toca el turno en la convención republicana  ¡Newt Gingrich! 
We made this when we thought Newt might be Trump’s VP pick. He wasn’t. Here you go anyway!  
RT @TheBriefing2016: A speaker tonight said that Donald Trump always pays his bills.

Annnd that claim just got rated false. 

 ht…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Ted Cruz once called Donald Trump a pathological liar. And  he is.  
"Pathological liar."
"Out of a psychology textbook."
"Narcissist." —@tedcruz on Trump, 78 days ago 

Very big of you, @MarcoRubio.  
Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups @realDonaldTrump is bringing together.

RT @Hillary_esp: Aplaudo al 5to Circuito por bloquear la ley de ID del votante en Texas, de las más restrictivas. Facilitemos el voto, no l…
Fact check: The  speakers are lying to America—at least 67 times so far. 
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai. 
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID law—one of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H
Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted?
✓Women
✓Immigrants
✓LGBT people 
Trump or Pence: Who said it worse? It's a close call. 
What our president says matters. We can't let @realDonaldTrump's hateful words speak for us. 
This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights.

168 years  
RT @SenGillibrand: .@HillaryClinton is committed to working to overturn disastrous  decision within her first 30 days. https…
Last night's  theme: "Make America Work* Again"

*Instructions not included 
RT @Hillary_esp: Le presentamos ¡Hillary en español!, una nueva cuenta para compartirles información sobre esta campaña presidencial. https…
Trump says he'd run the  like his businesses.

Which pretty much means letting America go bankrupt. 
"I will bring people together." —@realDonaldTrump

Yeah, we don't think so.

"He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." —Ann Coulter on Donald Trump 
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree: 
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016): 
On the 's "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan: 
 exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan? 

Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women.  
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line.  
If Donald Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by actually making things in America.

You're too kind, @SenCapito.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's record of success.

  
Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground.  
This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment. 
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you.  
Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant @GOP platform.  
The Republican Party platform is so hateful, you'd think Donald Trump wrote it himself. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: But @SpeakerRyan still endorses Donald Trump for president anyway.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Mitch McConnell had a much different tune about @HillaryClinton before she ran for president. 
…
Senator McConnell can be very complimentary—when you're not on the ballot.  
Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing.

Let's do this. 
RT @literally_trump: Donald Trump is literally the Republican nominee for president. 

Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office. 
On this day in 1984, @TheDemocrats nominated Geraldine Ferraro—the first woman VP nominee on a major party ticket. 
RT @HFA: Text VOTE to 47246, register to vote, and make sure he never becomes president. 
We watched the first night of the  so you didn't have to. Some of the worst of what we heard: 
Live from HQ: @BrynneCraig, @LorellaPraeli, and @JessLivMo introduce our 3 Million Stronger voter registration goal: 
1973: 
 
Donald Trump is sued for housing discrimination.
Hillary begins her career at the Children's Defense Fund. 
Just 10 minutes left to finish reading Trump's lawsuits. Think we can make it? Tune in now:  
"He's built his empire on other people's backs." —A small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30,000

2,016 and counting: We're reading thousands of lawsuits involving @realDonaldTrump live on Facebook. 
RT @Jorge_Silva: EN VIVO: Trump ha estado involucrado en más de 5,500 demandas. Vamos a intentar leerlas todas en 4 horas: …
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5,500 lawsuits. We're going to try and read them all in 4 hours: 
"Nothing is more ridiculous than Trump's claim that he's the enemy of Wall Street." —@BarneyFrank

Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice started decades before he ran for president or became a household name. 
. Bc of your leadership, we've just brought world together to combat one of the biggest threats to our planet: climate change
We must rescind the Hyde Amendment and resist attempts by states to erect roadblocks to abortion.
RT @Hillary_esp: Alicia merece respeto por enfrentar con valentía los ataques de Trump. ¿Y él tiene el descaro de culparla y decir que él l…
A conversation with Hillary's best friend Betsy about breakups, prom dates, and skateboards: 
"Trump is the worst major-party candidate this republic has ever produced." —@ForeignPolicy 
.@TeamUSA at the White House, circa 2000. 

It makes infinitely more sense for our young people to be investing in jobs and education than jails and incarceration.
RT @KOB4: Watch Live: Bernie Sanders speaks at UNM  
“I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton &amp; Tim Kaine!” —@FLOTUS
.@FLOTUS is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia: 
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans. 
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisa—chaser of the American Dream.

At Monday's debate, Trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. Let's set the record straight. 
My message to Pfizer and the entire pharmaceutical industry is clear: The era of charging unconscionable prices must end.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug.
Today Pfizer announced they are buying Xtandi, a prostate cancer drug that costs Americans $129,000 – 4 times more than in other countries.
America should join Germany, Denmark, Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college.
.@realDonaldTrump's raw. But it's not talent. His is the rawness of scapegoating others like attacking refugees 
America isn't "only-for-white" people. We're a place that's a beacon of hope for all people 
"I believe that for each of us, our greatest monument on this earth won’t be what we build, but the lives we touch." —Hillary 
“We need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy, while agreeing on questions of decency.” 
"I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line, but I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days."
"I’ve had to listen to Donald Trump for 3 full debates…I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers."
"It is great, also, to see Mayor Bloomberg here. It’s a shame he’s not speaking tonight. I’m curious to hear what a billionaire has to say."
"This dinner brings together a collection of sensible, committed, mainstream Republicans, or, as we now call them: Hillary supporters."
"Donald, I did enjoy listening to your speech…I’m sure I’ll enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny you ever gave it." —Hillary 
"It’s amazing that I’m up here after Donald. I didn’t think he’d be OK with a peaceful transition of power." —Hillary at the 
"This is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here." —Hillary 
The memory of acts of selfless sacrifice on 9/11 speak to the best of us - that we're prepared to work for the good of our fellow Americans.
While other nations are guaranteeing health care as a right, we spend more on our military than the next nine nations combined.
"I really regret doing this." —Hillary on Between Two Ferns 
Hillary y yo creemos el éxito se mide por cómo mejora la vida de las personas. Nuestro plan:  
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer.
Trump told 31 outright lies just last week.

Keep him honest at tonight's debate: Follow @TheBriefing2016 to get th… 
In states that have early voting, every day is Election Day! Check to see if yours is one of them:… 
Passionate about getting Hillary into the White House? There’s always something you can do to help out:… 
Trump's company spent years discriminating against families who wanted to rent from him based on the color of their… 
With only 2 weeks until Election Day, now's the time to make sure you have what you need to vote for Hillary: 
RT @finneyk: The way Tim Kaine wants to model masculinity is as far from Trump as you can imagine." Tim Kaine’s feminism - Vox …
RT @DeseretNews: Exclusive: @timkaine - Why religious mission service matters to 
 
We must reject the AT&amp;T-Time Warner merger.
Today, a few giant media conglomerates control much of what Americans see, hear and read. We need more diverse media ownership, not less.
Drug corporations aren't working for the interests of consumers. They're
concerned about their profits.
Most Americans don’t have millions to spend on lobbying like the drug industry does. That doesn’t mean Congress can just ignore their needs.
It has never occurred to me to deny the vote to people because they might vote against me. People who do that are political cowards.
Actually 89 out of the top 100 pharmaceutical corporations spent more on marketing and sales than on R&amp;D. 
How have drug companies gotten away with charging the highest prices in the world? By spending $300 MILLION a year. 
No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. We are going to change that. 
Vermont can lead the country in transforming our energy system and combating climate change, but we need to elect @SueMinterVT first.
I agree @Maggie_Hassan. The choice in New Hampshire could not be clearer. 
The soaring cost of medicine is a major health crisis nationwide. Mylan hiked the price of EpiPens, a 40-year-old m… 
Happy birthday to this future president. 
Today is Hillary's birthday! Find out what she was doing the year you were born: 
In the 1970s, Trump's real estate company marked rental applications for African Americans with a "C" for "colored." 
99% more Florida Latinos have already voted early than at this point in 2012. Join them:  
If a candidate begins his career running a company that discriminates against people of color, what kind of preside… 
Proud to have the endorsement of General Powell, a decorated soldier and distinguished statesman.  -H
"I feel very, very angry. So much so that it still evokes anger and hurt." —Mae Wiggins, on experiencing discrimina… 
Words of advice from the 1969 @Wellesley College commencement speaker: Hillary Rodham.  
RT @timkaine: Passionate about getting Hillary into the White House? There’s always something you can do to help out: …
RT @samifayebaker: Grassroots activism FTW!  was the life-affirming, shoulder-padded love-fest we needed! Now vote! htt…
Text JOIN to 47246 and get involved because the bigger the turnout, the bigger the statement we’ll make about the kind of country we are.
We’ve got to raise the minimum wage. No one who works full-time should still be in poverty. 
We can create millions of jobs and protect our environment at the same time. 
Donald Trump is unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. A president doesn’t call our military a “total disaster.” 
Nobody should wake up on November 9 and wonder whether there is more you could have done. 
As Trump makes an unprecedented attack on our democracy, millions of people are registering and voting early. 
We believe that no matter what you look like or where your parents were born or who you love, you have the right to be treated equally.
"I’ve tried to run a campaign based on issues. He’s run a campaign based on insults.” —Hillary on Trump 
With just 14 days until Election Day, join Hillary live for a rally in Florida → 


RT @mayaharris_: Hillary is committed to  with a bold goal to eliminate lead as a public health threat.  https…
Americans’ wages just hit an all-time high.

We need to build on this progress—not turn back: 
Tomorrow is Hillary's birthday! Make sure your name is on her card: 
RT @HFA: That presidential look. 
FACT: Donald Trump's company systematically denied housing to people of color dating back to the 1960s and 70s. 
When a black tenant applied for an apartment in one of Trump's buildings, she was told it wasn't available.

A whit… 
RT @HillaryforVA: Jimmy Ochan found refuge in the , and joined the Marines to give back. When he was injured, he got the care he needed…
“In these final weeks of the election season, find someone to tell about Clinton’s lifetime of service.”—@wigazette 
Like @HillaryClinton said, everything you need to hold Donald accountable is right here: 
Settled in for . You've got this, @HillaryClinton! 
Trump's proposals wouldn't just give huge tax breaks to billionaires they'd cut pell grants to make college affordable by $28 billion.
The Walton family of Walmart would get a $53 billion tax break if the estate tax is repealed, which is what Trump wants. 
Trump’s tax plan includes eliminating the estate tax which provides a $353 billion tax break to the top .3% &amp; $4 billion to his own family.
Here is Trump's tax proposal: $3 trillion in tax cuts to millionaires. Exactly the wrong policy at exactly the wrong time. 
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese. Unbelievable.  
If Trump is concerned about companies going abroad maybe he should move his plants out of Bangladesh where workers are paid 30 cents an hour
Glad Trump is concerned about manufacturing jobs going abroad. He might want to start making his clothing in the US not low-wage countries.
.@realDonaldTrump's tax plan is a tax holiday for the top .01% and nightmare for middle and working class families 
.@realDonaldTrump thinks millions of families losing their incomes, homes, and futures is just "business"  
If @realDonaldTrump worries about outsourcing jobs, why doesn't he make his own products in America? 
Paying zero in taxes doesn’t make you "smart."

It makes you a tax evader. 
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns.  
RT @MittRomney: No legit reason @realDonaldTrump can't release returns while being audited, but if scared, release earlier returns no longe…
RT @TheBriefing2016: In the spirit of friendship, here's Donald Trump's ISIS plan for your consideration.  
Donald Trump may live in his own reality—but we've got his own words right here. Check them out:  
We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. 

Or, we can do nothing.… 
"I never said that." —Donald Trump, who said that.  
"That's called business." —Donald Trump on the housing crash.

For millions of Americans it was called "losing their home." 
Economists project that Trump’s plans would add more than $5,000,000,000,000 to the national debt. That's "trillion" with a "T."
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump seems to think $15 million is a "small loan."   
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to: 
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va… 
RT @washingtonpost: How many Trump products were made overseas? Here’s the complete list. 
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families.  
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.  
"On every issue, Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate. Hands down." —@BernieSanders:  
RT @leedanielsent:   @HillaryClinton 
Trump's top adviser was designated $ million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg. 
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans. 
RT @PramilaJayapal: RT if you look forward to seeing these two standing together in Congress!
@PramilaJayapal &amp; @ZephyrTeachout  ht…
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." —Hillary 
Great things have happened when people all over this country at the grassroots level stood up and fought for what’s right.
We must join the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the many tribal nations fighting this dangerous pipeline.  
Vote this year like your future depends on it—because it does: 
"I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida."
“This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower. We will prevail.” —Hillary 
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Watch this short video about how I met Bernie Sanders--and how we must stop the TPP!  
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents. 
No one deserves the indignity of a starvation wage. We can and must do much better by raising the minimum wage.
RT @nicholaskitchel: Cecil is first in line to vote in Mahoning County: "I wouldn't miss this because so many people fought for the right t…
RT @omerizer: Doors opened at 8! Cleveland is voting early for Hillary!   
If Trump wants to compare what he and Hillary have done for the last 30 years, by all means:  
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax r… 
The difference between Hillary and Donald in less than 45 seconds. 
RT @timkaine: The difference between Hillary and Donald in less than 45 seconds. 
We counted all the times Donald Trump lied in last night’s debate so you didn’t have to. 
He went low; she went high. 
RT @HFA: This Hispanic Heritage Month, let's honor the many contributions of Hispanic and Latino Americans. 
.1 percent of Americans own 90 percent of the wealth. But Donald Trump wants to give more tax breaks to the top 1 percent.
If you think , chip in $5 before the midnight FEC deadline:  
RT @emilyslist: When Trump went low, @HillaryClinton went high. We're prouder than ever to be with her.  
RT @BresPolitico: Clinton easily won this debate. She won all 3 debates. I'm not sure Trump ever understood the nature/goal of these debate…
RT @jasoncherkis: This will get lost in the Trump news but Hillary Clinton's debate performance was close to flawless.
RT @MotherJones: Hillary Clinton eviscerated Trump on abortion during the debate 
Without action on climate change, the average 21-year-old college graduate in the class of 2015 will lose over $126,000 in lifetime income.
RT @sarajacobs89: .@hillaryclinton announced a new public health fund to fight pandemics like Zika and keep American families safe https://…
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office. I guess we know what his word is worth. 
It was amateur hour for Donald Trump in Mexico yesterday.  
So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great.

Try to follow his decision-making process: 
Trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for Wall Street.

It's time for them to pay their fair share. 
When Hillary and I say we're going to support small business families, we mean it. Why? We grew up in them. 
When the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.
RT @Hillary_esp: "Hillary tiene la experiencia y confío en  mí, primero país"— exsecretario republicano de Comercio. …
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States has gone up by more than 90 percent since 2002.
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban. 
When we talk about prescription drugs, it is important to understand that we pay by far the highest prices in the world.
"In large part because of all of you, I am convinced that America's best days are ahead of us." –@HillaryClinton 
“What I’ve laid out is a path forward that will keep us  go after the terrorists to finally destroy them" 
“I’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —Hillary
"Let us be vigilant, but not afraid…we choose resolve, not fear. We will not turn on each other or undermine each other.” —Hillary
"Like all Americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders” —Hillary on this weekend’s attacks
“We need to show each other more kindness and support. The last thing we need in our country is more bullies.” —Hillary
“I’m going to double the child tax credit—that’s another $1,000 for young kids to pay for the things you need.” 
Go to  to see how much you and your family could save under Hillary’s student debt plan.
“If he wants to make America great again, start by making America with American steel.” —Hillary on Trump using Chinese steel
After more than 50 years of war, Colombians are now on the path toward a just and lasting peace. 
Jane Kim is a proven progressive leader, and California would be fortunate to have her elected into office. 
If you wouldn't hire Donald Trump to work at your company, why should we hire him to run our country? 
RT @HFA: RT if you agree: Every student should learn computer science. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: So, what do the candidates’ foundations do again? 
Fraud at big banks:
✅ Bank of America 
✅ Wells Fargo
✅ Goldman Sachs

It's about time to break up these big banks.
Donald Trump hurls insults at women that I can't even repeat. @janeosanders would kill me.
It’s literally right here:  
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member. 
RT @BernieSanders: When @HillaryClinton says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? That's a ver…
Hillary's been called a lot of things over the years. "Quitter" isn't one of them.  
We need more unions in this country, not less. 
RT @PramilaJayapal: "I am opposed to the TPP. We need trade deals that put workers &amp; the environment first &amp; that raise standards of worker…
Trump's plan:
1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant
2. Build a concrete wall

An alternative: 
Is this the president we want for our daughters? 
RT @Enquirer: The Enquirer editorial board is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president, breaking a nearly century-long tradition of endorsin…
But the struggle is not over. We all must work together and fight against the Dakota Access pipeline.  
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the people of North Dakota have shown the importance of standing together against injustice. 
Five Years Since Irene, Report Warns of Severe Weather Damage From Climate Change 
The mission of the March on Washington lives on today in those fighting injustice. Today's a chance to recommit ourselves to that work.
Wall Street won’t change until we make it clear that no bank is too big to fail and no CEO is too big to jail: 
Instead of defending Apple's outrageous offshore tax schemes, Congress should take action to stop corporations from evading US taxes.
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!): 
@News3Jessica We didn’t have cheese curds growing up in Kansas City, but man, have I been missing out!
Millions of people across the country have already voted for Hillary. Celebrate National Early Vote Day &amp; join them… 
On November 8, millions of Americans will use their votes to stand up to the gun lobby:  
Make sure you don't wake up on November 9 and wish you'd done more to elect Hillary. Volunteer with a friend today! 
RT @TIME: Tim Kaine: "Gun violence is a public-health crisis" 
Latina women make only a little more than HALF the amount white men make. That is nothing but sexism and discrimination. 
Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk clearly care more about their profits than their patients. It's time to end their greed. 
In the richest nation in the world, diabetes patients are being forced to decide between eating and paying for the… 
It makes no sense that the same drug that costs $70 in France costs $450 in the US. We should reduce barriers to im… 
Why has the price of Humalog insulin gone up 700% in 20 years? It's simple. The drug industry's greed. 
What you have is an incredibly powerful and greedy industry charging whatever price they want. 
The differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are day and night. The stakes are too high to sit this out. 
It’s not surprising most Americans feel there isn't enough coverage of issues. ABC, NBC &amp; CBS have devoted 32 minut… 
Total super PAC contributions from donors giving $500,000 or more now tops $1 billion. 
RT @CNN: "Damn right!" Bernie Sanders fired back when a someone in the crowd yelled "Stop the Dakota Pipeline!"  htt…
The Koch brothers &amp; their network have spent at least $ million to support Kelly Ayotte because she votes with the Kochs 90% of the time.
Now is the time to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.
RT @WMUR9: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders campaigns for @HillaryClinton and @GovernorHassan in Plymouth -   #…
People are dying or getting sicker because they can’t afford their insulin, just so Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk can… 
Super Pacs have raised $ billion during this campaign cycle – 20% of which has come from just 10 billionaire families.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the 6 who lost their lives &amp; those injured in this morning's school bus crash in our city
When you're 27 million strong, no one can tell you that you don't belong.  
Fighting for kids in foster care has been one of the causes of Hillary's career, all the way back to law school. 
Election Day is in one week—and once it's over, it can't be redone. Is everyone you know voting? RT this.… 
More people will early vote in 2016 than ever before. Join them:  
Be like @JoeBiden:

Always make a plan.  
RT @RobbyMook: Some stats from the field: door knocks last weekend in PA were up 261% from the same weekend in 2012; 108% in OH.
On average, Latinas make only $ for each $1 white men earn. Time to close that gap.  
What’s on the ballot this year:
Our future.
Our security.
Our values.
Who we are as a country.

Trump said pregnancy is an inconvenience for employers.
He dismisses the pay gap.
He said wages are too high.
He wants to defund @PPact.
"He doesn't see us as full human beings with our own dreams, our own capabilities.” —Hillary on what Trump thinks of women
Trump's "also been accused of doing this at the Miss Teen USA  of them were just 15 years old.” —Hillary
Donald Trump is on tape bragging about barging in on undressed women backstage at beauty pageants to "inspect" them.
Can we just stop and reflect on the absurdity of Donald Trump finding fault with Miss Universe? Who would act like this? A bully.
Most of us learned by elementary school that it’s not OK to insult people’s looks.

Donald calls women fat, ugly, and disgusting.
“Today, I want to just spend a few minutes focusing  [Trump] has said—and what he has done—to women and girls.” —Hillary
"I’m reaching out to Republicans and Independents as well as Democrats because I want to be president for all Americans.” —Hillary
There are a lot of reasons to vote against Donald Trump. Maybe, for you, it’s his dangerous statements about using… 
"Let’s work our hearts out so we can finally say 'Madam President.’” —@MachadoOficial  
"It’s really clear that he does not respect women. He just judges us on our looks.” —@MachadoOficial on Trump
One week to go.

Watch Hillary talk about what's at stake for women in this election on the trail in Florida → 
RT @TUSK81: Campaigning in Florida today with @HillaryClinton: Alicia Machado. 
“[Trump] deducted somebody else’s losses." 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Comey didn't want to blame Russia for DNC hacks for fear of seeming political. 

For fear. 
Of seeming.
Political. 

h…
One week to Election Day. RT this if it describes you.  
After his lawyers advised against it, Trump used a "legally dubious" strategy to avoid paying taxes for years. 
Anyone who sees and treats women this way is unfit to be president. 
.@KatieMcGintyPA is going to join me and Elizabeth Warren and together we are saying to the billionaire class, “You cannot have it all."
126 things Donald Trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy: 
"Sometimes the man in the arena, it ain't a man. It is a woman." —@CoryBooker 
We must put an end to this shameful industry completely, including state contracts with private prisons.

So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy? 
The crisis of the moment is America's drift toward oligarchy. It may not get as much press as other issues but it affects all of us greatly.
RT @HillaryClinton: Corporations that benefit from all that America has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders…
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we must not elect a president who wants to resurrect failed trickle-down economics.
No one should have to choose between paying the rent and filling their prescriptions. 
A Wall Street money manager should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.
RT @HFA: "Not a single CEO of a Fortune 100 company supports Trump’s campaign." —@HillaryClinton
Trump's campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a "genius."

What kind of genius loses $1 billion in a single year?
RT @HFA: "Trump’s plan would cut his own taxes even more…his plan would actually raise taxes for millions of middle-class families." —Hilla…
For years, Trump has been taking from American taxpayers with both hands and giving nothing back. 
“It doesn’t look like he paid a dime of federal income tax for almost two decades.” —Hillary on Trump
RT @HFA: “When the middle class thrives and our country is strong, businesses thrive too. And when it doesn’t, we don’t.” —@HillaryClinton
Corporations that benefit from all that America has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders AND workers.
Honest work deserves honest pay. Everyone should have the right to join a strong union that will always have your back.
Live from Toledo: Watch Hillary speak on her plan to make the economy work for everyone—not just those at the top. 
RT @voxdotcom: Trump to Matt Lauer on Iraq: "I was totally against the war." Here's proof Trump is lying:  https://t…
We've got 59 days until the election—and we aren't taking anything for granted.  
RT @USNewsOpinion: If Donald Trump wins, kids lose. 
RT @mayaharris_: .@13THFilm a stark reminder the fight for racial justice isn’t past—it’s here &amp; now &amp; requires us all to do our part https…
If you've spent your whole life working hard, you should be able to retire with dignity.  
The polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Chip in today.   
RT @WhiteHouse: Immigrants aren’t somehow changing the American character; immigrants are the American character. 
We must fight voter suppression in all forms. If you are 18 years of age, you should be automatically registered to vote.
If you dream it, you should be able to build it.  
RT @mikereedschmidt: The House should reject  5424, which rolls back important rules on Wall Street money managers and puts workers’ re…
Virtually every Western industrialized country has chosen to end capital punishment. The United States should join… 
The reality is that fraud is the business model on Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule.
Congratulations to Baltimore's own @MichaelPhelps. 22 golds so far, best swimmer in history, period.  
RT @SenJeffMerkley: Special interests must not be allowed to sneak  through in lame duck. We need trade policies that work for working…
Born before women could vote, Ruline just cast her ballot for Hillary in Iowa today. Join her:… 
Republicans should put politics aside and pass emergency funding to protect Americans from the serious health effects of the Zika virus.
Disgraceful. The America that we love does not lock up women and children in shameful immigrant internment camps 
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough. This has got to stop right now." —@FLOTUS on T… 
RT @LaurenWeberHP: Here's what parents of kids with life-threatening allergies think of the EpiPen price increase 
Politics isn’t a soap opera. We need to focus on the real issues affecting Americans all across the country.
At last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the military—but he praised Putin. 
Dear Donald: You can't make America great again when you don't make things in America.

We need to fundamentally change the way Wall Street does business. We should not risk our economy on casino-style gambling.
"We both believe every child should have the chance to live up to his or her God-given potential” —Hillary on LeBron 
Hillary’s speaking live in Akron, Ohio. Tune in now: 
Change does not take place easily. Anyone who’s read history understands that.
RT @HFA: Hillary has concrete plans to help America succeed.

Trump  a wall.  
Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the United States: 
Trump says he “knows more about ISIS than the generals do.”

Not only is that wrong, it's disrespectful to our men and women in uniform.
Right now, too many Americans are being held back by student debt.

We’ve got to fix that: 
Anybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage. 
In America, we don't say, “I alone can fix it.”

We say, "We'll fix it together.” 
We’re going to make our economy grow, but we’re also going to make it fair. Here’s how: 
"I want to be a president for all Americans, not just for some Americans; Democrats, Republicans, Independents." —Hillary
Hillary and I both grew up in small business families—so pitching in to help them grow and succeed is nothing new. 
8 things you should know about @TimKaine before tonight's debate.  
A man who bullies and shames a woman for her weight should never become president. 
.@BillClinton on pre-debate jitters (his) and Hillary's favorite TV shows, now playing on With Her:… 
RT @HillaryClinton: Lucky to have a partner like @TimKaine who stood up for our shared vision tonight—instead of trying to deny it. …
Lucky to have a partner like @TimKaine who stood up for our shared vision tonight—instead of trying to deny it. 
On November 9, what kind of world do you want to wake up in? 
RT @TheEllenShow: Senator and Vice Presidential candidate @TimKaine was here with his harmonica. 
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary. 
Hillary teamed up with @BernieSanders on a plan to make college debt-free for all Americans. 
RT @mayaharris_: Encouraging to see AT&amp;T CEO Randall Stephenson's strong statement on race and justice. 
Donald Trump’s campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything we’ve seen—and it’s profoundly dangerous. 
We had our best analysts create a calculator to see how much you'd pay in taxes if you paid the same as Trump: 
I have stood with unions all of my life and I will continue to do so in fighting the disastrous TPP.
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States. 
Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes.

There’s no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. It’s all out in the open now.
Donald Trump still refuses to say @POTUS was born in America. And this man wants to be our president?

When will he stop this ugliness?
We can combat voter suppression and increase turnout by ensuring that anyone who is of voting age is automatically registered.
RT @CatherineForNV: Nevada: TOMORROW is the last day to register to vote online or in person! Check your registration at …
Election Day is almost here. Make a plan to join your friends and millions across the country to vote on November 8… 
Our job is to elect @HillaryClinton and to understand that on the day after we are not finished. We must continue the movement.
"He was a failure at business…and by wrecking his business, he wrecked the lives of his workers.” —Hillary on Trump
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.

We have a choice between taking serious steps to combat climate change—and refusing to admit it even exists. 
Trump "doesn't have the temperament or the  the basic honesty that a president needs to have" —@POTUS: 
Getting to know Hillary has been one of my favorite parts about becoming her running mate. 
We can import lettuce and tomatoes from farms all over the world, but somehow we cannot re-import brand name prescription drugs from Canada.
We believe that everyone has value.
We believe that everyone's created equal.
We believe that love trumps hate.

We'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. We all win when everyone gets to share in America's promise.
RT @latimes: Editorial board: Clinton would be a smart, pragmatic president. Trump would be a catastrophe.  https://…
If we are serious about clean air and about combating climate change, we must keep fossil fuels in the ground. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on NASA Study Confirming Fossil Fuels as Source of Largest Methane Buildup 
The median household income for blacks is almost $18,000 lower than for whites. It's clear that the struggle for justice is far from over.
It's time for our country to join the rest of the world in implementing prescription drug policies that work for all, not just Big Pharma.
Real change never takes place from the top down. It always comes from the bottom on up.
Even Mike Pence couldn’t defend the terrible things Trump’s said and done—so instead, he lied about them. 
No one should have to look their daughter in the eye and explain Donald's hateful comments. 
Don't boo. Vote!  
I'm going to do all I can to make sure Trump does not become president. That work continues tomorrow in New Hampshi… 
We need rational immigration policies in America that offer a pathway to citizenship. We shouldn't be promoting divisiveness.
RT @ZerlinaMaxwell: &gt;&gt; Trump Keeps Lying About Crime In America. This Is The Truth.  
.@FLOTUS just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. Read it here: 
RT @CatherineForNV: Great time w/ @BernieSanders! I hope to join him in USSen to make college affordable, economy that works for all, &amp; ove…
Do your part to hold Donald Trump to the truth. Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate for live fact-checking. 
Sometimes the most romantic date is a Friday night on the couch watching your favorite TV show and drinking wine. 
Thank you, @FLOTUS. 
One of the things I admire most about Hillary is how her values influence her leadership. 
Freedom of speech, in my view, does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account?

On the backs of American taxpayers: 
RT @HillaryforMO: Everyone pitches in on this team! Pat Kaine, brother of Sen. @timkaine, made calls in Kansas City tonight. …
Fossil fuel companies may seem to have a virtually unlimited supply of money and lobbyists in Washington, but together we can defeat them.
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying: 
RT @AmericasVoice: .@DavidLeopold: "Trump laid out the most hardline, mean spirited immigration proposal in  history." …
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall." 
"I thought, this woman—I want to ride with her." —Roxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary 
A lot has changed in the past two and a half decades. But the things we’re fighting for remain the same. 
DHS should follow DOJ's lead and phase out for-profit immigration detention facilities. These private prisons cost more and are less humane.
This type of greed is shameful, and if Mylan thinks the American people are going to accept this so-called "compromise," they are mistaken.
Mylan recently announced a generic version for $300. That's still five times as expensive as it was in 2007: a 526% increase in total.
In 2007, when Mylan first started selling their EpiPens, they only cost $57. Last week, the price was $600. 
Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt Americans. 

His VP pick has actually done it. 
How many people at Wells Fargo are going to jail? Zero. But if you smoke marijuana in this country, you get a criminal record.
One thing I am proud of is that there's a lot more support for the concept of democratic socialism today than there was before the campaign.
"The voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have." —@NyleDiMarco

 
As husband &amp; father, these comments make me sick. @realDonaldTrump: real men don't talk this way. You have no business running for President
When we vote, we're doing something good for our country and spreading hope to people who need it around the world. 
Congrats to team Maryland for making us all proud!  
Warren Buffett reminds us over and over again that his effective tax rate is lower than his secretary's. That is absurd.
RT @HillaryClinton: Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. We’re all so proud of you! -H 
People shouldn’t end up in the emergency room because they were worried about affording a routine check-up.
40 years ago young people could attend some of the great public universities of our nation virtually tuition-free. Why can't we do it now?
Game on. 
This country is increasing spending on incarceration faster than spending on education. That has to be changed.
Let's be clear: Nothing—including an audit—is preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns. 
Great to join Mayor @PeteButtigieg at @NotreDame to talk about smart cities and smart governance @MetroLabNetwork 
Trump "can run his campaign however he ’m going to keep talking about the stakes in this election.” 
"I will not raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000.” —Hillary 
RT @HillaryClinton: Remember.  
If you've got Hillary's back, tonight is the night to show it. Chip in before the debate to say you're with her: 
Remember.  
Find out what it's like to become a vice presidential candidate on With Her, our campaign podcast. Listen here: 
.@TimKaine takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe &amp; listen here: 
RT @HillaryClinton: Most people who are bullies grow out of it. 

Donald Trump hasn't. 
RT @CatherineForNV: @BernieSanders is right. Students shouldn't have to mortgage away their future to go to college. At @unevadareno today…
If you’ve got student debt or you’re about to go to college, you can find out exactly how our plan will help you: 
Hillary’s college plan will help students preparing for college, those already in school, and those paying off debt. 
You can go to  right now to make sure you’re registered to vote.
Go to  to see how much Hillary’s college plan could help you save.
If you already have student debt, we’ll help you refinance and pay it back as a percentage of your income. 
The US spent $374 billion in 2014 on prescription drugs. Thats more than $1,100 per person each year, nearly 40 per… 
For the first time in modern history, our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents.

“Si el lugar donde estás no tiene espacio para tu voz, no tengas miedo de crear tu propio espacio”— Hillary en .
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of America—our freedom, diversity, and the values we share. -H 
"To be great, we can't be small. We have to be as big as the values that define America." —Hillary 
Here's to 240 years of progress. 
Middle-class Americans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality, it was yet another giant scam. 
"You have made me a better person and helped me believe I can do anything." 
A message from @realDonaldTrump on America.

Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together, @POTUS. 
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H
Every American should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.

"We join all those around the world in mourning his loss" —Hillary and @BillClinton on the passing of Elie Wiesel 
We're not going to turn back the clock on progress. 
Just like he shouldn’t have his finger on the nuclear button, Trump shouldn’t have his hands on our economy. 
Born July 2, 1951, trans activist Sylvia Rivera was an early LGBT leader whose work paved the way for progress. 
Let's make America a world leader in manufacturing, again.  
The company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told Donald Trump). 
Praying for the safety of the hostages in Bangladesh. To the terrorists: We will never succumb to fear and hate. -H
La evidencia muestra que Trump es un pésimo empresario ¿por qué debemos creer él sabrá manejar la economía del país? 
You could give a speech to nominate the first woman president at @DemConvention. Enter now for your chance to win. 
"If the space you’re in doesn’t have room for your voice don’t be afraid to carve out a space of your own." —Hillary 
Trump Institute taught Donald Trump's real business strategy: cheating innocent Americans out of hard-earned money. 
Trump says people should have pride in "Made in the USA" products, but where does he make his?

(Hint: not here.)

RT @RanaForoohar: Hillary's plan to connect debt relief to entrepreneurship is smart   start-up rate…
Our economy is always stronger with a Democrat in the White House.   
Show Hillary she can count on you to stand up to Donald Trump. Chip in now:  
RT @AmandaRenteria: No presidential candidate has spent as long fighting for the rights of new Americans as Hillary Clinton. 
…
RT @Jorge_Silva: As a Mexican-American, I truly fear the consequences of his anti-Mexican rhetoric. This is not funny.  …
Chip in now if you agree with Hillary and @ElizabethForMA:  
RT @HillaryforPA: BREAKING: @VP to join @HillaryClinton on the campaign trail in Scranton, PA on July 8. RSVP here: 
RT @mayaharris_: Applaud Senate Dems for their strong proposal to help families fleeing violence and persecution in Central America. https:…
RT @HRC: WATCH: 49 celebrities pay tribute to the Orlando victims in new Ryan Murphy produced video with @HRC 
…
RT @rosenbergerlm: Heartbroken by the heinous terrorist murder of 13-year-old Hallel Ariel. No child should be in danger in her home. https…
Pride Month is coming to a close, but our march toward equality continues. Onward. 
If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health, they'd support Planned Parenthood—not attack it.

Scenes from New York City Pride with Team Hillary.

Lucharé junto al pueblo de PR para poner la economía de la Isla de vuelta en un camino de estabilidad y prosperidad.
"I will fight with the people of Puerto Rico to put the island’s economy back on a stable and prosperous path." 
We're not going back, @realDonaldTrump. 
“Donald Trump has a…chance of becoming president."  
RT @HFA: We're hiring organizers across the country to bring home a win in November. Get more information and apply now: …
RT @HFA: Hillary talks early childhood education with a teacher's son:

"Thank your mother for me, would you?"

We should deploy 5G internet to make sure we have the fastest online connections possible. 
RT @johnpodesta: Bringing on 50,000 new computer science teachers isn't just good for our kids, it's good for our economy: …
Cool ties, @realDonaldTrump. 
They were made in places like:

Mexico
China
Vietnam
Honduras
Hong Kong
Taiwan
South Korea
Singapore
Bangladesh
Oman 
From Iowa to California, the primary's taken us to nearly every state in the country. 
We have an obligation to protect an open internet and defend net neutrality: 
RT @HillaryforNH: Today’s vote to restore Planned Parenthood funds is a victory. Well done @Maggie_Hassan &amp; the Executive Council for doing…
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood, the NH Executive Council can choose families or a political agenda. Watching which side they pick. -H
Two words: free WiFi.

In train stations, airports and other public spaces. 
RT @HillaryforNC: Hillary and @POTUS are making their first stop together in Charlotte. Text NC to 47246 for more info on their trip! https…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary visited 112 countries as secretary of state. Trump had products made in at least 10 as a businessman. https://…
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession, let's make the economy work for everyone. Here's how: 
"You are strong enough not to let yourself remain a victim." —Hillary 

Live from Los Angeles: Watch Hillary's town hall with @YouTube digital content creators.  →  
"All Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." —Hillary 
New plan: We should let entrepreneurs defer their student loans for up to 3 years → 
Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethic—second to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end Alzheimer's. -H
Trump's speaking about outsourcing right now.

Here’s one of his shirts—made in Bangladesh:  
RT @dominiclowell: 49 years later, we celebrate Stonewall as a national monument to the LGBT community's decades of struggle and progress.
RT @Ann_OLeary: Senate Dems are right: Public Health emergencies are not the place to inject harmful partisan policies …
RT @LinkedIn: "I believe that people should have work with purpose and dignity." @HillaryClinton explains:  https://…
A progressive who gets things done? Make that two.  
It's almost as if Trump only cares about himself. 
Terrorists are taking advantage of the loopholes in our gun laws. Here's how we stop them: 
RT @EconomicPolicy: Washington DC raises its minimum wage to $15 an hour, giving 114,000 working people a boost.  ht…
RT @WIRED: Hillary Clinton wants to forgive student debt for entrepreneurs:  
RT @sierraclub: By supporting efforts to move to 100% clean energy, @HillaryClinton again showed she's the climate leader we need. https://…
Donald Trump proves every day that he’s not in it for the American people—he’s in it only for himself. 
Today's  decision upholding reproductive rights is a major victory—but we can't take it for granted. 
"This election is about values, so let's just do a few: Donald vs. Hillary." —@elizabethforma 
Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, eight million kids like Kayla are covered. Watch the new ad:

It's not complicated: We need our economy to work for everyone, not just the rich or the well-connected.

RT @jmurray20: It's National PTS Awareness Day and @StampOutPTSD is working to create a USPS stamp to assist those affected …
RT @BuzzFeed: 5 Things That Are Harder Than Registering To Vote, Featuring @POTUS 

"Here’s what I say to voters who may have doubts: No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will."
"You can’t just talk someone into trusting you. You’ve got to earn it  I believe what you say matters." —Hillary 
"Every day, Donald Trump proves that he’s not in this for the American people. He’s in it for himself." —Hillary 
"Americans [are] telling us about their struggles…they want to be given a chance, a fighting chance." —Hillary live from Chicago
A great day to hit the campaign trail in Ohio with @ElizabethForMA. 
"Hillary believes that racism, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place in our country." —@ElizabethforMA

We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
Imagine Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next time America faces a crisis.

Imagine him in charge, with your job and savings at stake.
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making America great, but his own products are made in places that aren’t named America.
We will fight climate change by making America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century: 
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives, they can do it for workers.
Let’s make sure that Wall Street and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.

Let’s put our families first.
We can’t let the student debt crisis continue.

We’ve got to give hard-working students and families relief. 
It's wrong that millionaires get more tax cuts while families are facing barriers to success.

This election is a chance to make it right.
"She exposes [Trump] for what he is: temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president." —Hillary on @elizabethforma
"She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate.” —@ElizabethForMA on Hillary
"When Donald Trump says he’ll make America great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump.” —@ElizabethForMA
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage with @elizabethforma in Ohio: 
RT @HillaryforOH: All smiles as we count down until @HillaryClinton and Elizabeth Warren take the stage in Cincy!  …
This fight isn't over: The next president has to protect women's health. Women won't be "punished" for exercising their basic rights. -H
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across America. Safe abortion should be a right—not just on paper, but in reality. -H
“The children’s health program wouldn’t be in existence today if we didn’t have Hillary pushing for it." 
In a volatile world, the last thing we need is a volatile president.

Continuemos haciendo historia juntos.

Do not throw away your shot. Win tickets to see @HamiltonMusical with Hillary. Enter here:  
We can’t stop fighting until all LGBT Americans can live their lives free of prejudice, violence, and hate. 
“Mi familia ha estado aquí desde 1731 antes de que fuera los Estados Unidos” —Armandina Sifuentes de Texas.

Discrimination against LGBT people is all too common—and goes against everything we stand for as a country. 
When you're in office Americans count on you for real solutions. You can’t respond with a snarky tweet—you have to actually deliver results.
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. Americans deserve better.
No person should be gunned down while learning, teaching, praying, or dancing. It's time for us to come together to strengthen our gun laws.
"There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the  cannot accept this. Not now—not ever." —Hillary
"We need  put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business interests." —Hillary at 
Las personas LGBT merecen vivir, trabajar y amar libres de discriminación y violencia.

RT @jessetyler: .@HillaryClinton is a champion for LGBT equality. That's why . 💁  Text PRIDE to 47246 if you are too! 🌈 https://t…
Happy ! 
One year ago, love triumphed in our highest court. Yet LGBT Americans still face too many barriers. Let's keep marching until they don't. -H
Want to be in the room where it happens? Here's your shot: Win tickets to see @HamiltonMusical with Hillary: 
Every LGBT American deserves to live, work, and marry free from discrimination or violence.

RT @dominiclowell: We're with her. 
RT @lorellapraeli: Make no mistake, Trump has called for a 'deportation force' that would tear families apart and deport millions. https://…
RT @mayaharris_:  has progressive principles &amp; high standards on trade; reflects fact many Dems believe TPP doesn’t meet bar—HR…
One year later (still one of our favorite maps). 
RT @mayaharris_: For the first time,  explicitly calls for repealing the Hyde Amendment, which restricts women’s access to repr…
RT @mayaharris_:  says Americans should earn at least $15 an hour, citing NY’s min wage law &amp; calling for raising &amp; indexing fe…
RT @mayaharris_: For the first time ever,  calls for ending mass incarceration and the school-to-prison pipeline, and tackling…
RT @mayaharris_:  reflects issues Hillary champions, like raising wages, immigration &amp; criminal justice reform &amp; protecting rep…
We're going to keep fighting for equality, at home and around the world.

RT @HamiltonMusical: Enter for a chance to win tickets to join @HillaryClinton at @HamiltonMusical on July 12th:  ht…
To the LGBT community: We're with you.

Love, @HFA.

You'll tell the story of your night at @HamiltonMusical with Hillary. Enter to win here:  
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress, but still face discrimination. This has to change. 
In some states, LGBT Americans can get married on Saturday and fired on Monday. That's not who we are. 
RT @TalleySergent: Our thoughts and sympathies are with those impacted by  flooding. Please stay safe. 
.@BarneyFrank on the time he marched in NYC's gay pride parade with the First Lady of the United States in 2000.

LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence. 
Good for you, Jensen. Every woman deserves equal pay, no matter what her age. Keep up the hard work—and courage!  -H
Thank you, @POTUS, for marking another important milestone on LGBT Americans' march toward equality. -H 
Hours after the , Donald Trump was in the 

Talking about how he, personally, would benefit.

RT @TheBriefing2016: Asked whether he talked to any foreign policy advisors about , Trump says “there's nothing to talk about" https…
"This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House." —Hillary 
RT @GideonResnick: For anyone shocked by Trump saying depreciation of pound is good for business, this is a person who tried to profit off…
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families. 
"We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made." —Hillary  
The fate of immigration reform—and millions of undocumented families—is in the hands of the next president. 
RT @HFA: Follow along to see our 8 state Snapchat takeover! →  
 many of them pay a lower tax rate. 
We can’t let @realdonaldtrump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.

Women's health is an economic issue: Every woman deserves access to affordable menstrual products. Bravo, New York. 
People in Scotland are not thrilled about Trump coming to their country.

We know the feeling.

Thank you, . Your determination has exposed Republican inaction on gun violence and demanded better. We can't give up. -H
44 years since  passed, truer than ever: All students deserve equal opportunity, no matter their gender. 
The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every American, not just some. -H
Desgarradora decisión de  de inmigración podría separar 5 millones de familias en riesgo de deportación. Tenemos que hacer más.
Today's heartbreaking  immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H
RT @repjohnlewis: .@SpeakerRyan, we will not leave without acting for the victims &amp; families of reckless gun violence.  https…
RT @RepKClark: Rather than debate &amp; vote on common sense gun safety legislation, @SpeakerRyan has sent House home early for July 4 holiday…
RT @RepDuckworth: This is what the   looks like frm where I'm sitting    http…
RT @RepJudyChu: .@SpeakerRyan, want to know a more effective way to end this sit-in? Let us vote our consciences on gun legislation! …
RT @RepRubenGallego: Estoy indignado por la falta de acción para parar la violencia causada por armas de fuego. Es momento de actuar …
RT @RepBecerra: We are waiting right now in House chamber to see if our Republican colleagues will allow a vote.   …
RT @RepJohnLarson: They are who we're fighting for   
RT @RepTimRyan: Does it look like @HouseDemocrats are going anywhere?! Consider the floor held.  
RT @RepDanKildee: GOP just recessed House without vote to stop suspected terrorists from getting deadly weapons or universal background che…
RT @YvetteClarke: On the House floor singing "We shall overcome "   
RT @repjohnlewis: We cannot give up or give in or give out. We must keep our eyes on the prize.   …
Proud of 17 years of progress for those with disabilities under the historic  ruling. Let's keep going. 
RT @HFA: We're looking for fall interns to join us at our Brooklyn HQ for the final stretch of the campaign. Apply today: …
It’s ridiculous that teachers and nurses have a higher tax rate than many hedge fund managers. 
You*

*offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, African Americans, LGBT Americans, middle-class families  
House Republicans may have cut the cameras, but they can't cut off our voices. We have to act on gun violence. -H 
RT @jmurray20: 72 yrs ago today, FDR signs the , creating opportunity for millions of , and America too. Let's continue its…
RT @rosenbergerlm: Let's celebrate Jo Cox's birthday by carrying on her work and her values.  She'll live on through it.  
No company in America should be able to pay women less for the work they do. 
RT @HFA: Campaign Manager Robby Mook is taking over Hillary's Instagram account today! Follow along: 
…
Instead of pitting people against each other, we need to enlist everyone in building our country together.
We can’t let Trump bankrupt America the way he did his casinos.

We need a new chapter in the American Dream – and it can’t be Chapter 11.
.@realDonaldTrump’s tax cuts for millionaires &amp; billionaires would add more than $30 trillion to our national debt. 
“Progress is possible … I know Republicans and Democrats can work together, because I’ve done it.” —Hillary 
Families shouldn’t have to spend more than 10% of their income on child care. 
We’ll make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home.
"I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of, not instead of, good wages." —Hillary
We should support our teachers, not scapegoat them. 
Every child should have a path to success:
Pre-K: 
School: 
College: 
We’re going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people, especially in communities of color. 
“The heart of my plan will be the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades.” —Hillary 
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family.
Too many corporations seem to have forgotten: It’s wrong to take taxpayer dollars with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.
"As we Methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." —Hillary
Live now from North Carolina: Hillary’s plan to make the economy work for everyone. Watch here. 
RT @HFA: Live on Facebook: Join @HFA's @MarlonDMarshall &amp; @JessLivMo to discuss how you can get involved with the campaign → …
This is what real leadership looks like. 
FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than @realDonaldTrump's casinos. 
"Trump's economic plans would destroy the  economy." —@TheAtlantic

Hillary took Donald Trump's reckless economic policy to task in Columbus today.

It's worth watching: 
Trump says, “I love playing with debt.” Someone should tell him our economy isn’t a game. 
Donald Trump has no actual plan to create jobs. 
“A proven leader who shares our values." —@AFLCIO

Why labor unions across industries are backing Hillary: 
RT @OhioPoliticsNow: .@HillaryClinton
uses @realDonaldTrump's words against him in Columbus speech.  …
Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120,000 richest families than it would for 120 million working Americans.

.@realDonaldTrump has written a lot of books about business, but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.

We need to build an economy that ensures everyone gets an equal shot and no one is left behind. Join us: 
In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful – but we know they shouldn’t do it by destroying other people. 
"Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake.  Is this who you want leading us in an emergency?” —Hillary on Trump
.@realDonaldTrump, only someone who’s never actually faced the consequences of his mistakes would brag, “I play with bankruptcy.”
"The same people [Trump's] trying to get to vote for him now are people he’s been exploiting for years” —Hillary: 
Trump has written a lot of books about business—but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
“The last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism, it made the Great Depression longer and more painful.” —Hillary
"He’s giving more away to the 120,000  than he would to 120 million hardworking people." —Hillary on Trump's tax plan
"President Trump" would undo so much of the progress we’ve made over the past 8 years under President Obama.

We can't let that happen.
“The full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away.” —Hillary on Trump's reckless economic plan
"He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as men—as if we aren’t already." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
"Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country." —Hillary
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessness—that’s his business. But when he’s running for president, it’s ours.
.@TheEconomist declared Donald Trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy.  
.@elizabethforma and @MittRomney agree: Trump would put us into a deep recession.  
“I’ll admit—it's a little wonky,  sweat the specifics because they matter.”  
"If you’re running for president, you should say what you want to do, how you’re going to pay for it, and how you’ll get it done." —Hillary
Our president should fight for families—not just themselves.

Hillary speaks on the economy, live from Ohio: 
Donald Trump's tax plan would add $30 trillion to the national debt over 20 years. That's "trillion"—with a "t." 
RT @POTUS: Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test, the Senate failed the American peo…
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course. 
"Trump's economic proposals could produce a prolonged  reduce employment by  million jobs." —@WSJ 
Trump's gotten rich driving companies into the ground. What will he do to the  economy?

Oh wait—we know:

.@JoeBiden is right—Donald Trump’s worldview doesn't reflect our values, and it’s not who we are. 
It’s time to demand more than thoughts and prayers from our elected officials.   
Enough. -H 
An overwhelming majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.

RT if you're one of them. 
America has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On , let's reaffirm our commitment to welcoming them. -H
Our prayers are not enough to prevent gun violence.

Tell your senators to vote to expand background checks tonight: 
You inspire me too, @ChrisMurphyCT. Let's all demand action on gun violence prevention:  
Tonight, the Senate will vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun violence. Tell your senators you support them: 
This is just common sense. It's time for Congress to act. 
We owe families of gun violence victims more than prayers.

Tell your senators to act on gun violence prevention: 
A behind-the-scenes look at a historic night.  
RT @mpshapiro: Bottom line from @MoodysAnalytics : @realDonaldTrump 's economic plans would cause a "lengthy recession." …
Happy first day of summer. 
Gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights. Being LGBT does not make you less human.

You'll want to read the story behind this photo.  
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today, she's rooting for the first woman president. 
RT @billclinton: Aidan has made two dads very happy this Father's Day. Hillary and I are thrilled for Marc and Chelsea! …
What a joy being with our new grandson, Aidan. So grateful. -H 
Imagine if this was our president. 
RT @HFA: Hillary remembers her dad on Father's Day.

They may be too young to vote, but these supporters are making their voices heard. 
Happy Father's Day, @BillClinton! 
RT @rosenbergerlm: .@Pontifex is right: Climate change hurts the vulnerable most of all. Let's care for our common home. …
RT @HFA: "We've got a candidate in Hillary Clinton who is a fighter. We got one tough cookie." —@SenWarren

Donald Trump launched his campaign one year ago this week. And what a year it’s been. 
RT @barb_kinney: I've witnessed a lot of special moments as @HillaryClinton's photographer, but June 7 was something special. …
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts.” —@SenWarren to the @BostonGlobe 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Marc and I are overwhelmed with gratitude and love as we celebrate the birth of our son, Aidan Clinton Mezvinsky.
If your business or organization is hiring and needs someone to get the job done, hire a veteran.

On June 18, 1983, Sally Ride became the first American woman and first LGBT astronaut to go to space. 
Gun violence and hate aren't isolated—homophobia in Orlando, racism in Charleston. We need to fight them together. 
In the spirit of the , let’s bridge our divides, fight for change, and remember that love never fails. 
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT American can live life freely, openly, and without fear. 
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you, Michael. 
Donald Trump says he's "the real friend" of the LGBT community.

Yeah, no.

Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality, he's done the exact opposite. 
Helpful. 
Hard to believe it's only been a year since Trump announced his candidacy for president. 
Hi. 
RT @HFA: "It's in the quiet moments you see why she does this." Our latest ad:

RT @Ann_OLeary: 6 babies born w/birth defects from Zika &amp; hundreds more pregnant women w/Zika in US, Congress STILL failing to act. https:/…
"It is cruel and terrible that her life was cut short by a violent act of political intolerance" —Hillary on Jo Cox: 
Thank you, @SpencerJCox. Despite our differences, if we stand together, hate can never defeat us. 
.@oprah Thank you. It’s an honor to have the support of someone who's shattered so many glass ceilings. 
Thanks Chris, for showing what leadership looks like. I hope GOP senators take note. Looking forward to the vote. -H 
Hillary helped get health care for 8 million kids. One of the first ads of the general election:

“Hillary Clinton has proven herself as a champion of the labor movement." 
RT @AFLCIO: Working people have spoken, and we proudly endorse @HillaryClinton  
One year ago today, @realDonaldTrump announced his campaign for president.

And what a year it's been.

It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in America, no questions asked. 
RT @HFA: Proud to have @POTUS on this team. 
Belgium: Donald Trump's favorite "city."

Thank you, @SenWarren. Proud to be in this fight with you. 
RT @SenatorBaldwin: Let us never forget the victims and their families. They deserve action.    …
Trump dijo que el terrorista nació “un afgano” y prohibirá la entrada de musulmanes—pero el terrorista nació en Queens, NY igual que Trump.
An "assault on our values"
A "new low"
"Plays into ISIS's hands"

Newspapers react to Trump's Orlando speech: 
Miles de familias están juntas gracias a las acciones de @potus sobre DACA. Protejamos DACA/DAPA y aprobemos una reforma migratoria.
Thousands of families are together thanks to @POTUS's action on DACA 4 years ago. We need to protect DACA/DAPA and pass immigration reform.
Some fights are too important to stay silent. Preventing gun violence is one of them. Stand strong @ChrisMurphyCT. 
Your @GOP presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories.

RT @JesseFFerguson: Donald Trump isn’t running a campaign against political correctness. He’s just running a campaign that is against being…
Donald Trump is an expert at distracting people from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself. 
America has always been a country of "we," not "me." And we've always been stronger together. 
RT @bkesling: A presidential candidate just accused me and thousands of other troops of embezzlement while in a combat zone. 

…
Donald Trump just gave us his "plan" for defeating terrorism—conspiracy theories and self-congratulations. 
RT @lorellapraeli: Pensando en mis hermanos y hermanas. My heart is broken. In solidarity with these families.  …
A lot of people are saying Donald Trump is a conspiracy  
We just won Washington, ! Grateful to everyone who voted. 
When @BillClinton took office, @GeorgeHWBush left him a note that represents the best of our values.

For 241 years, brave @USArmy soldiers have answered the call to serve and protect our nation. Thank you.  
.@realdonaldtrump: Attacking Muslim Americans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism. 
An attack on LGBT Americans is an attack on all Americans.

RT if you're voting for Hillary today, Washington,  Find your polling location here:  
Today's  decision is a big win for consumers, innovation, and freedom of expression on the internet: 
This is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for those who look or love or worship one way—for all.
We need to work together to keep our country and our citizens safe.

None of this will be helped by anything Trump has to offer.
People can’t board planes with full shampoo bottles—but people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun, no questions asked?
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity, with real plans that actually address them.
Trump's statements are lies—but he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
"He said I’ll abolish the 2nd Amendment. Wrong. He said I’ll let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. Also wrong."
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong, dangerous, and in this instance, nonsensical. The terrorist in Orlando was born in Queens—just like Donald.
"If Donald suggests I won’t call this threat what it is, he hasn’t been listening. 

But I will not declare war on an entire religion."
"It matters what we do, not just what we say. It didn’t matter what we called bin Laden—it mattered that we got bin Laden." —Hillary
Americans don’t need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership, common sense, and concrete plans.
Trump's rhetoric is shameful.

It was one thing when he was a reality TV personality. It’s another when he’s running for president.
People of different faiths, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities are coming together to say: we won’t let hate defeat us.
"I believe that despite those differences of opinion, we’re all on the same ’s more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary
"I believe we Americans are capable of protecting Second Amendment rights while making sure guns don’t fall into the wrong hands." —Hillary
Yesterday, Trump spoke about the terrorist attack in Orlando.

Watch live as Hillary responds: 
RT @ChadHGriffin: LGBTQ people are Muslims, Jewish, black, Latino, women, immigrants. @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is wrong. Today…
Gun violence prevention laws might not stop every shooting or terrorist attack—but they will save lives. 
“Un ataque a cualquier estadounidense, es un ataque a todos los estadounidenses” —Hillary tras tragedia en Orlando. 
If you’re too dangerous to get on a plane, you're too dangerous to buy a gun in America. 
"I have no doubt we can meet this challenge — if we meet it together."

Hillary's address on the Orlando attack: 
"A nightmare that’s become mind-numbingly familiar." 

Hillary on the deadliest shooting in  history: 
Weapons of war like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino have no place on our streets.

Tenemos que unirnos, sentir orgullo juntos. No hay mejor respuesta para los terroristas y a todos aquellos que odian 
Our diversity isn’t a liability in the fight against terrorism. It’s an asset. It makes us stronger. 
We have to stand together and be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists and all those who hate. 
Our open, diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism, not a liability. It makes us stronger.
We’ve seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely, openly, and without fear being marked by violence. We have to stand together.
"To all the LGBT people grieving today: you have millions of allies who will always have your back. I am one of them." —Hillary
The terrorist in Orlando targeted LGBT Americans out of hatred and bigotry. 

An attack on any American is an attack on all Americans.
Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. It’s wrong, and it's dangerous.
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attack—but they'll stop some, and save lives. We need to fight for them.
In Orlando and San Bernardino, terrorists used assault weapons like the AR-15 to kill Americans. We should make it harder for them to do so.
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked.
We need to stop terrorists from getting the weapons they need to carry out attacks. 
"As president, I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority." —Hillary on her counterterrorism strategy
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts, scares us, and makes us furious. Now we have to steel our resolve and respond.
"They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters,  all had a lot more to give." —Hillary on the Orlando victims
Watch live: Hillary speaks on the terrorist attack in Orlando → 
"We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire  is not the answer to hate." —Hillary
Declaraciones de Hillary Clinton sobre el ataque en Orlando. 
"This is a time to stand together and resolve to do everything we can to defend our communities and country." —Hillary on the attack in FL
"We need to keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals." —Hillary on the FL attack
"To the LGBT community: please know that you have millions of allies across our country. I am one of them.” —Hillary 
"This was an act of terror.  This was also an act of hate." —Hillary on the attack in Orlando 
"I join Americans in praying for the victims of the attack in Orlando." 

Hillary's statement: 
Desperté con la devastadora noticia de FL. Mientras esperamos más información,mis pensamientos están con los afectados de este horrible acto
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H
Donald Trump considers his shuttered casinos a success because HE made millions.

A man who thinks that way has no business being president.
When Trump's casinos failed, he hurt a whole universe of small businesses that never got paid what they were owed. 
When Trump had to make an $18 million interest payment, his dad had to bail him out by buying $3 million in chips: 
During a decade when other casinos in Atlantic City thrived, Trump's posted huge losses:  
Trump the businessman? A total failure. He bankrupted his Atlantic City casinos (but pocketed millions for himself): 
"Sec. Clinton will be the strong environmental champion that we need to lead our country." 
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage, senator for hers. Rs should disavow. -H
Trump University: Pad Donald's pockets and put your own finances at risk—all for the low price of $35,000!

.@realDonaldTrump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.

RT @sierraclub: The divide between @HillaryClinton &amp; Donald Trump on the environment couldn't be more clear:  https:…
Lights, camera, history.

A man with this much contempt and disrespect for women has no business becoming president. 
.@realDonaldTrump says he’ll be “the best for women.”

Don't think so. 
"I am the least racist person that you’ve ever encountered." —@realDonaldTrump  
"She’s a fighter. She’s out there. She’s tough." —@elizabethforma on Hillary:  
Trump can’t say he treats women with respect.

(For once, he’s right.)

Thanks, @VP Biden! Your support is a BIG… deal. -H 
“Ella tiene la valentía, la compasión y el corazón para realizar el trabajo”. Mira el mensaje del presidente Obama.

We’re not just going to break the glass ceiling. We’re going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families.
Trump has called women “pigs,” “dogs,” and “disgusting animals.”

We can't even count on him to respect women—much less protect our rights.
Trump says he'd be "the best for women."

Anyone who'd defund @PPFA and wipe out safe, legal abortion has no idea what’s best for women.
Laws that restrict access to abortion don’t make women less likely to seek it—they just make women less safe. 
Defending women’s health means defending access to safe, legal abortion for all who need it—not just women who can afford it.
The Hyde Amendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income women—disproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now.
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a child—like paid leave?
“Being able to plan their families not only saved women’s lives—it also transformed them.” —Hillary to @PPact
"Today, I want to start by saying something you don’t hear often enough: Thank you.” —Hillary to Planned Parenthood
.@SenWarren to @Maddow: Donald Trump cannot be the one who leads the United States of America.

We're hiring across the country to bring home a win in November. Apply to join our team: 

“I’m ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president" —@SenWarren: 
Thank you, @POTUS. 
Proud to have the support of @SenWarren—a woman who is Trump's exact opposite: honest, decent, and deeply concerned for working families. -H
Thanks, Obama. 
.@SenWarren endorsing Hillary on @maddow: "She's a fighter."

Trump "doesn’t care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States" —@SenWarren
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts” —@SenWarren  
"When we come  won’t just win in November—we’ll build on the progress we’ve made." —@POTUS 
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know Hillary will be so good at it." —@POTUS

Honored to have your support. 
"I’ve seen her judgment, toughness, and commitment to our values up close.  I'm with her." —@POTUS 
"Our elections should be shaped by voters' voices—not bought and sold by corporations &amp; special interests" —Hillary: 
"On virtually every issue, Secretary Clinton stands with working Americans and their families." —@steelworkers 
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. "Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia".
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know she’ll be so good at it." —@POTUS 
RT @HillaryforWI: We can't wait to welcome back President Barack Obama and @HillaryClinton to Wisconsin on Wednesday!  https://t.…
"I’m with her, I’m fired up, and I can’t wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary." —@POTUS 
Delete your account. 
"She’s got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done."

Watch President Obama endorse Hillary.

Honored to have you with me, @POTUS. I'm fired up and ready to go! -H
President Obama endorses Hillary: "I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office." 
RT @johnpodesta: We have to make sure climate denial does not find a home in the White House. 
This Oakland entrepreneur is doing more than running a small business—he's changing lives.

History &gt; bedtime. 
RT @sierraclub: Sierra Club has endorsed @HillaryClinton for president! Read our statement: 
Donald Trump's School of Philanthropy:
1. Pledge money to causes
2. Do nothing
3. Cut a check only if you get caught

“It’s a simple but powerful idea: We believe that we are stronger together.” —Hillary 
A note from Hillary. 
RT @ConstanceZimmer: My 8 year old said "See Mom, it's true, anything is possible."  @HillaryClinton 
A headline 227 years in the making.  
RT @originalgriz: This AM I told my 5-yo daughter we could elect the first woman President. She said, “OK, I’ll be the 2nd woman President…
History.  
Front pages from around the country on a big day.  
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president, it would be her mom. 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President." 
RT @GMA: WATCH: @HillaryClinton gets emotional as she looks out over cheering crowd before her speech with @DavidMuir. …
Let’s keep making history, together.

Thank you, California! 
Don’t let anyone tell you that great things can’t happen in America. 
RT @billclinton: I keep saying Hillary is the ultimate changemaker, and tonight she proved it. I couldn't be more proud. History made. …
Don’t let anyone tell you great things can’t happen in America. Barriers can come down. Justice &amp; equality can win.

Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're proud to be by her side all the way to the White House. 
Thank you. 
We made history tonight—but we have more work to do. Chip in if you've got Hillary's back: 
"This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings—no limits—on any of us." —Hillary  
Wish Mom could have been here to see tonight. 
"On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th Amendment to the Constitution—giving women the right to vote."
"We are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose." —Hillary
This election isn’t about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicans—it’s about who we are as Americans. 
We should lift each other up—not tear each other down. To be great, we can’t be small. We have to be as big as the values that define us.
Unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls. 
“Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
It’s a simple but powerful idea. 

We are fairer together. 

We are better together. 

We are stronger together. 
"Whether you supported me in this primary, or Senator Sanders, we all need to keep working toward that better, fairer, stronger America."
"As your president, I will always have your back." —Hillary
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us.
For the first time in our history, a woman will be a major party’s nominee for President of the United States. 
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Brooklyn → 
RT @ChelseaClinton: So proud of you, Mom &amp; grateful little girls can grow up knowing they can run for president  
Ready. 
Thanks to you, we made history tonight. Celebrate with a free magnet: 
Tonight's only possible because millions of organizers, volunteers, and donors fought for this campaign. Thank you. 
Tonight, we can say with pride that, in America, there is no barrier too great and no ceiling too high to break. 
To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want—even president. Tonight is for you. -H 
Let's build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us.

"Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass 's got about 18 million cracks in it."

Eight years ago today. 
Hoy es tu día de votar por Hillary. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:  
CA, MT, NJ, NM, ND, and SD, it's your day to head to the polls. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @NancyPelosi tells @GMA she voted for @HillaryClinton in the  and is "proud to endorse her" …
RT if you're ready to make history. 
Estamos al borde de un momento histórico, pero todavía tenemos trabajo que hacer. 

Sigamos luchando por cada voto: 
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor, Marian Wright Edelman. Your example of service inspires us all. 
To everyone who's worked so hard, thank you. Let's go win this thing. 
RT @billclinton: What she said.👇🏼 Let’s have a great turnout tomorrow! 
Let's finish this primary strong and head into the general election together: 
We are on the brink of a historic moment, but we still have work to do.

Let's keep fighting for every vote: 
We’re flattered, @AP, but we've got primaries to win. CA, MT, NM, ND, NJ, SD, vote tomorrow! 
Trump is intensifying his bigoted attacks on Judge Curiel's Latino heritage—and belittling his staff in the process: 
Recuerda apoyar a Hillary mañana con tu voto. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos: 
 
RT @billclinton: I’ve taken over @HillaryClinton's Snapchat, encouraging voters to support her in the CA primary. Add: …
There's only one candidate who can step into the Oval Office and lead on day one. 

"Nobody's going to be left in this country that he's exempted from insults." —Hillary on Trump in California: 
33,000 people die from gun violence each year.
 
We can save a lot of these lives.

"Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump" —@latimes 
72 years after , let's not just eulogize the brave men who gave their lives. Let's honor them by defending the values they fought for.
Donald Trump should come out of the towers he names after himself and actually talk and listen to people. 
.@realdonaldtrump's bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended.

We just won Puerto Rico! ¡Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria! 
"We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head." —Hillary in 2000

As we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniform—while they serve and when they come home. 
A preview of President @realDonaldTrump that proves we can’t let him anywhere near the Situation Room. 
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. I’ve never spoken about it publicly until now." —Caryn Michaels 
¡Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu día de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y déjale saber a tus amigos: . 
These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English.

RT @NBCPolitics: BREAKING: Clinton is projected winner in  Virgin Islands Dem caucus   …
RT @elizabethforma: This is what Democrats united to beat @realDonaldTrump look like. Get ready, Donald – we're coming. …
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance. 
Increíble.

It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And they make him unfit to be President of the United States.
In America, it doesn’t matter where your parents were born or what color your skin is. We should be judged by words and deeds—not our race.
Donald Trump’s not just wrong about Judge Curiel—he’s wrong about America. He’s wrong about what makes this country great.
"Judge Curiel is as much of an American as I am, and he's as much of an American as Donald Trump is." —Hillary
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his “Mexican heritage.”
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatest—unmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H
This week, we saw the REAL @realDonaldTrump. Which story appalled you the most?
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own words—and that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week. 
El emocionante momento cuando @lorellapraeli pudo votar por primera vez. ¡Felicitaciones!

.@lorellapraeli: HFA staffer. DREAMer.  citizen. 

First time voter.

Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the  military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quién es y no es parte de este país. Nos definen los valores—no la intolerancia.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks.

When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces. 
RT @latimesopinion: Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump  
.@realDonaldTrump's "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies. 
Q: "Saying [a judge] can't do his job because of his race—is that not the definition of racism?"
Trump: "No." 
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here. 
It’s not hard to imagine @realDonaldTrump leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin. 
RT @mikereedschmidt: Let's create jobs by making the boldest infrastructure investments since we built the interstate highway system. https…
.@maddow: "She's not caricaturing Donald 's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."

Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights: 
No, Donald. Esto no es un “conflicto de interés”—el problema eres tú. 
Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf.

RT @MomsDemand: The choice is clear: Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who consistently stands with gun safety.  …
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Security—we should protect and expand it. Thanks, @POTUS. 
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have @Everytown &amp; @MomsDemand's support. -H 
You literally said all those things.  
Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one "very good brain" with very thin skin.

Recordatorio para Mr. Trump. 
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he's not even president (yet).

Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long. @CFPB's new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump has never negotiated a ceasefire, but he can throw a mean pageant! 
✔ Supports nuclear proliferation
✔ Alienates our allies
✔ Cozies up to dictators

Trump's foreign policy  
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent , then we're not doing nearly enough. 
What happens to the moral example we set—for the world and for our own children—if our president engages in bigotry?

Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes.

Don’t let anyone tell you that America isn’t great. Donald Trump’s got America all wrong.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he’s angry, but America’s entire arsenal. 
The tools Donald Trump brings to the table—bragging, mocking, composing nasty tweets—won’t do the trick.
America’s network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
We’re not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail. 
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trump’s hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Trump isn’t just incoherent; he’s dangerous. He’s not just unprepared; he’s temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Watch now: Hillary on why America—and the world—can't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief →  
RT @ChelseaClinton: Important news. Many thanks to @WhiteHouse, @TheWCS &amp; all who played a role in this accomplishment  https…
There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos.

"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –@POTUS 
“It’s , just max out your credit card." —Trump University on how to pay for classes 
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university." 
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on.
Trump University was a vehicle for @realDonaldTrump to exploit vulnerable Americans for his own gain.

Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them.

He'd do the same to our country. 
RT @johnpodesta: As we celebrate 100 years of the @NatlParkService, Hillary has a plan to preserve America's 'best idea.'…
Trump himself is a fraud.

He's trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.

FACT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics. 
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal finances—how can we trust him with our country?
Trump's candidacy is built on his business "credibility." But his business record matches his character: His only concern is his own profit.
It's one thing to sell steaks using a name as a marketing ploy. Trump's company intentionally put people at risk. 
Trump University employed instructors with no experience and lied to sell outrageously expensive packages. In a word: fraud.
Another Trump University practice, according to its own employees: target struggling families to fleece them. 
Some of Trump University's tactics: push people to take on debt, cash out retirement, max out credit cards—whatever it took to buy classes.
The gist: Trump's for-profit university deceived &amp; exploited students to take their money.

And he has the gall to call the media "sleazy."
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Caution—may cause nausea. 
RT @MittRomney: Here's what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. (1/2)
RT @morningmoneyben: The actions of Trump University employees to prey on the poor and naive are just completely repulsive. …
RT @brianefallon: Trump U is devastating because it's metaphor for his whole campaign: promising hardworking Americans way to get ahead, bu…
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.”  
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it.  
RT @johnpodesta: A takedown of Trump's "stunningly misguided" views on the Paris climate deal, from the guy who negotiated it. …
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience  will be prepared to lead our country on day one." —@JerryBrownGov: 
You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally.

Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as Americans:  
RT @TheCut: Hillary knows she'd make history as the first woman president—and that it's about much more:  https://t.…
First: the @latimes.
Now: @JerryBrownGov.

Here's why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7.

"The future is at stake. And that’s why we’re with her." —@NRDC_AF on its first-ever presidential endorsement 
Aspiring Commander-in-Chief @realDonaldTrump has some ideas about prisoners of war. (He’s not a big fan).

Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need: 
“I like people that weren’t captured, ok?”

Trump has something to say about prisoners of war.

"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump." — @JerryBrownGov: 
RT @creynoldsnc: Not quite! You got bad publicity for scamming vets and then lying about it. But close!  
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't like prisoners of war—but he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief.

Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free.  
RT @postpolitics: Major environmental group makes first ever endorsement of Hillary Clinton 
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992. 
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What? 
Gold Star families like Betsy’s have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks.

Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day.  -H
The Adoption and Safe Families Act helped thousands of kids find loving families—including this one. 
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los demás. 
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of America. 
Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems.

Disgusting. 
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong. 
"Pregnancy  an inconvenience for a business." —Donald Trump

Here's Hillary's take →

Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an "inconvenience" to businesses.

(He could be your next president.) 
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone: 
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.”

President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it.

$25 billion could pay for:

1,500 new schools.
Clean energy to power 5 million homes.



Trump's wall: 
RT @HFA: If fighting for equal pay, paid leave and affordable child care is playing the "woman card,"  
1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podría contraer el Zika este año. Esto es lo que
podemos hacer para combatirlo. 
The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president—on pregnancy.

"I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate." —Hillary in 1994 

What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid.

What Trump wants: a wall.  
Couldn't agree more. 
RT @johnpodesta: Because climate change has one major impact that, for Trump, is awkwardly  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump says he "cherishes women." 

Just not if they're working and pregnant.  https://t.…
RT @creynoldsnc: Brian Williams says all you need to know about the GOP nominee for president.

Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first American woman &amp; first LGBT astronaut in space.  
La única forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es uniéndonos. Nosotros somos los únicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
“Now we know what a ‘good result’ is to Donald Trump—he gets his, and you get hurt.” —Hillary
“Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes &amp; losing their jobs would be a ‘good result.’” —Hillary
“We’ve got to do more to raise families’ incomes.
 
We can start by raising the federal minimum wage.” —Hillary 
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the @UFCW conference in Las Vegas →  
→  
When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear. 

Trump saw a chance to profit. 
There’s nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesn’t matter what we get right. 
El muro de Trump en la frontera costaría al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podríamos hacer en lugar de su plan. 
.@realDonaldTrump, trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."

So, @realDonaldTrump's wall would cost $25 billion.
 
Here's what else we could do with that money.

RT @UAW:  endorses @hillaryclinton for president. 
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need. 
RT @johnpodesta: Getting federal contractors to disclose emissions=important step for  transparency. Good move, @POTUS 
 https…
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room? 
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love—not harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks @GovPeterShumlin. 
The @realDonaldTrump business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck. 
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch @TheEllenShow today at 4 pm ET. 
Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion. 

Some things we could do instead: 
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We’re stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls.
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump bet against American families in the housing crash. Now he says its the "kind of thinking our country needs." ht…
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdían sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos.

Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession.

Trump saw it as a chance to cash in. 
.@realDonaldTrump rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million Americans to lose their homes. 
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us).  -H
Hillary's live on @TheEllenShow's Facebook page! Watch now:  
In Trump’s world, a “good result” means Trump gets his and working families get hurt. We're better than that.
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs." 
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans, not one who tries to profit at their expense. 
Donald Trump could bankrupt America like he bankrupted his companies. Let's make sure he never gets the chance: 
Trump prioritizing his own gain over Americans' well-being isn't new, but it is telling: The only person he'll fight for is himself.
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again.
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families, all to pad your own pockets?
Millions of families—disproportionately black and Latino families—lost homes, jobs, and savings.

Trump tried to profit at their expense.
Right before the housing market crashed, @realDonaldTrump said he hoped it would happen—because he could make money off of it.
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of Americans lost their homes.

This guy can't be president. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: When Donald Trump wins, you lose.  
The 2008 crash caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and homes.

In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: While American families suffered, Donald Trump tried to cash in. 


Millions of Americans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president.

There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump. 
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster. 
A Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about.

We can't let that happen.

RT @HFA: When we work together, nothing can stand in our way. 
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that we’re stronger together." —Hillary 
“The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.” —Hillary
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" —Hillary to the @SEIU
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made America great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead.
"You are often unsung heroes. And I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." —Hillary to @SEIU members in Detroit
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016 @SEIU International Convention.  
@MaryKayHenry Nobody knows better than unions that we’re stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families.
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of Americans. 
"She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness." —Hillary on her mom

There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one.

Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt. 
“Mentiroso", "fraude", “xenófobo" y otras cosas que líderes republicanos dicen sobre Trump. 
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can. 
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." —Hillary
"I believe we have a moral obligation…to stand up against systematic racism." —Hillary at the @TTMFoundation dinner
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence. 
We can't accept this as "normal."  
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes. 
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president. 
Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that.

Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth.

Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion: 
RT @washingtonpost: Op-ed by Hillary Clinton: Child care now costs more than rent. Here’s how to fix this crisis. 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President."  …
Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey. 

The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts.

Donald Trump is not qualified. 
You're wrong, @realDonaldTrump. We can uphold Second Amendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence. 
Congratulations on becoming a  citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. 

We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them. 
Dear Congress,

Let's get this done.

Thanks,

The vast majority of Americans 
RT @dominiclowell: Another day, another shameful move by House GOP to roll back anti-discrimination protections for LGBT employees. https:/…
Is Hillary qualified to be president?

Take this helpful quiz to find out: 
An estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year.

Here's what we can do to combat this threat: 
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of American families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified. 
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult.

RT @HFA: This campaign is about breaking down barriers, but this silo is pretty awesome.

RT @Ann_OLeary: Hillary sent me to Puerto Rico to learn more about Zika. Today's Senate vote for funding to combat it is critical. https://…
"Investing in the health and education of  essential to improving global prosperity." —Hillary 

If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work. 
RT @ZerlinaMaxwell: This Nat'l  Day of Action, we must commit to fighting the systemic racism &amp; sexism that women of color face…
Un recordatorio importante. 
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NRA. Our leaders should act like it. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: After 9/11, the Government offered grants to help struggling small businesses. 

Donald Trump took them for himself. h…
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirlo—pero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deberían aprobar presupuesto
Question: "Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"

"No, I do not." —Hillary

"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." —Hillary
"Trump took out a field that couldn’t criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." —Hillary on the GOP primary
“I’m going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.” —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." —Hillary on @CNN
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and  Donald Trump is not qualified." —Hillary on @CNN
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching.” —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump's dangerous rhetoric
"Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?" —@ChrisCuomo

"No, I do not." —Hillary
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." —Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." —Hillary on @CNN
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutional—it's wrong. 
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zika—but it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court.

Here's what's at stake. 
"Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President." —@GabbyGiffords

RT @MichelleWKwan: Apply today &amp; join the team that’s going to elect the first woman president @HFA is hiring:  http…
… y solo es miércoles. 
Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service.

(It's only Wednesday.) 
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en años—Hillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios. 
America has always been about working together to get things done. 
The first openly gay leader of a  military branch—a milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats, @SECARMY.  
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?

RT @TheBriefing2016: You don't need to see who's on Trump's list to know what his Supreme Court would look like. 
Thank you, @POTUS, for making sure millions of Americans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: What's Donald Trump hiding in his tax returns? Only he knows.

Let's make it easier to raise a family in America.  
It's middle-class families that need a raise—not millionaires and billionaires. 
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky. 
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back: 
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We’re always stronger united.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Until Trump releases his tax returns, we can't know what he's hiding. But we can infer.  https:…
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry. 
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide.
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that. 
Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?

Billionaires—and millionaires like him.  
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids.
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know. 
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
Being president isn't like being on a reality show.

We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one. 
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Why would you brag about it? 
Conoce cómo Hillary ha luchado durante varias décadas por las familias, mujeres y niños.  
We’ve got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas.   
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question.  -H
Trump empezó su campaña diciendo que los mexicanos son "violadores" y traen “drogas” y “crimen”.

No se ha detenido. 
RT @HFA: Join @xtina, @AndraDayMusic, @johnlegend, @ricky_martin, Stevie Wonder, and Hillary for a concert you won't forget. …
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room.  
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring American manufacturing back. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's spent his whole career avoiding paying his taxes--and leaving middle class families with the bill.   ht…
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused.

“In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.” —@POTUS 
"Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruiría la economía" —@VoxDotCom

Incomes haven’t gone up for most Americans in about 15 years. We’ve got to fix that. 
"What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"

8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires. 
Hillary was @Wellesley's first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech:  
Made a new friend in Ohio.

Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Why hasn't @realDonaldTrump released his tax returns? Looks like he's out of excuses.

FACT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office. 
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him.  
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential. 
Happening now → join @HFA senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q&amp;A on child care and work/life balance: 
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q&amp;A on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET: 
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a year’s tuition at the average 4 year public college." —@glamourmag 
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes. 
“You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job.” —Donald Trump on women and equal pay 
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump." 
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep. 
Hillary's advice to @Wellesley graduates in 1992: "Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count." 

Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor.  
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump.  
"I don’t want Americans to feel left out and left behind. I want the American Dream to be alive and well." —Hillary

RT @HFA: HFA organizing is hiring for multiple roles to build the team that will win this election. Here's how you can join: …
RT @Wonkblog: Hillary Clinton has a plan for you to spend a lot less on day care 
Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him.

Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today.  -H
"We want to bring unity to the Republican party." —@realDonaldTrump

Good luck with that.

"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Paul Ryan and Donald Trump just met. Here's why it was probably pretty awkward.

80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important. 
Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires.

"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it." —@RealDonaldTrump 
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest  of Americans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined. 
This election isn’t a reality show.

It’s hard to imagine how we’re going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage. 
Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on women—and that's saying something.

RT @elizabethforma: When asked what gov should stop doing, @realDonaldTrump said overseeing banks! How can you be tough on Wall Street by l…
Donald Trump's tax plan:
1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans
2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt

When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this.
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue." —@washblade endorsing Hillary: 
Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care.

It's time they got some help.

It's been a banner week for @ 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump sees no need for a federal floor for the minimum wage. That's only a problem if you live in these states: https:…
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone. 
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family. 
RT @lorellapraeli: .@thedream_us continues to build ladders of opportunity by providing scholarships to DREAMers--a huge milestone: https:/…
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents:  -H
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0. 
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump just selected a white nationalist leader to be a delegate at the @GOP convention. 
"Enough is enough. It’s time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." —Hillary
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that Americans are being paid too much.
A Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care.

Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many Americans are struggling to achieve.
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live:  
A woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "What happened to you was not only wrong—it's illegal."

RT @TheBriefing2016: One candidate will fight for you. The other will fight for himself. 
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care. 
West Virginians, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
"I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal." —@realDonaldTrump

"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the American economy." —@businessinsider 
Americans need a raise. 
Women earn just $ for every $1 men do.

That's a problem for all of us.  
RT @johnpodesta: Fitting that America's first conservation success story is now our national mammal. Kudos to @POTUS. …
"Applying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy." —@VoxDotCom

"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" —Hillary on equal pay for women: 
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch → 
"Making America a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting." 
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families, it spread across the nation.

Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea. 
Here's what you can do to make sure @realDonaldTrump never reaches the White House: 
"It's only been an incredible gift." Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom.

RT @HFA: “Mom measured her own life by how much she was able to help us and serve others." —Hillary:  
"She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known." —Hillary on her mom

Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter, @ChelseaClinton. -H 
New  designs from @DVF and @evafehren. Get them before they're gone →  
.@realDonaldTrump would force all schools to allow guns in classrooms—on his first day in office.

Seriously. 
RT @people: .@HillaryClinton on how exciting it is to watch @ChelseaClinton raise daughter Charlotte  …
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trump—y estas fueron sus reacciones. 
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the , becoming the first woman to compete. 
RT @HFA: Once a Girl Scout, always a Girl Scout.

Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats, @SadiqKhan. -H
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party). 
@JLo thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this.

"I get along with everybody." —@realDonaldTrump

About 

Imaginemos un mañana en el que ningún niño crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminación o la deportación.

Are you a Republican who thinks @realDonaldTrump should not become president?

Tell us why: 
We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency.

They were…honest. 
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport them—no matter how many times Trump says he wants to. 
This is the man the @GOP has selected to be their nominee for president. 
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H 
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: He's been called "the most lawless lawman in America." He's endorsed @RealDonaldTrump.  https:/…
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy. 
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart. 
 million kids in the  have at least one undocumented parent.
 
Trump's deportations would hurt them the most. 
FACT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship. 
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the  and deport millions of immigrants. 
Trump podría ser tu próximo Comandante del Ejército. ¿Cómo es su visión sobre la política exterior? Irresponsable. 
“I love Hispanics!” —Trump, 52 minutes ago 

“They’re gonna be deported.” —Trump, yesterday 
"Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."

What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants.

"I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together."

They say your friends reflect who you really  
RT @mikereedschmidt: Hillary will be the Small Business President—especially for women- and minority-owned companies: …
"Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country?"

@realDonaldTrump: "Yes."

Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive. 
President Trump?

Nope: 
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retórica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. Apply to join @HFA today: 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Thank you, @POTUS, for visiting today and shining light on the ongoing crisis in Flint. 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere.
The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.

Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H 
Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the  &amp; deport millions of immigrants. Seriously.

"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country." —Hillary

RT @TheBriefing2016: "He's a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot." —@LindseyGrahamSC on @realDonaldTrump

RT @kylerush: As a software engineer you can stop Trump. Details here: 
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality.  
"President Trump" is a dangerous proposition.

Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.

"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." —Hillary on Trump's @GOP rivals: 
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump: 
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." —Hillary to @AndersonCooper
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes don’t get much higher." 
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —Trump

Here's what the presumptive @GOP nominee would do as president.

RT @elizabethforma: I'm going to fight my heart out to make sure @realDonaldTrump’s toxic stew of hatred &amp; insecurity never reaches the Whi…
RT @TheBriefing2016: If it looks like a demagogue,
acts like a demagogue,
and talks like a demagogue,
then it probably is a demagogue.
http…
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then let’s vote him down. 
There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency.

Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back: 
"As he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice." —Hillary on Trump

Donald Trump is the presumptive @GOP nominee.

Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president: 
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise.  
"We're not going to be counted out anymore." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump's disparaging comments toward women

It’s Primary Day, Indiana. If you’re a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today: 
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states.  -H
“We’re going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.” —Hillary
We don’t have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that won’t do a thing to help your families.

Donald Trump’s tax plan would give $ trillion to millionaires &amp; billionaires.
Ted Cruz would give them even more.

We can't afford that.
“What is the other side offering? Unfortunately, it’s the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before.” —Hillary
“Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across Appalachia.” —Hillary

Her plan to address it: 
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and training—from pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.
“Having a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck. 

It’s about dignity and a sense of purpose." —Hillary
We’ll create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements. 
“Even if people don’t vote for me in November, I’m going to be for them and for you every single day.” 
“There’s no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored.” —Hillary
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy:  
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
What kind of president would Leslie Knope be?
 
"Full speed ahead!"

Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it. 
Hoosiers, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
When it comes to love and kindness, @AndraDayMusic puts it best.

We can't let all the progress we've made under @POTUS be torn away by Donald Trump.

Let's move forward—together.

When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise.

RT @TheBriefing2016: In Indiana, Hillary Clinton is taking on the state's new, restrictive abortion law. 
Puerto Rico enfrenta una crisis económica y la persistente inacción del Congreso es irresponsable. Debemos actuar ya 
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones. 
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la única candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desafíos y lograr resultados. 
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now:  -H
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents.

RT @Jorge_Silva: After a long wait, the Republican-led Senate finally confirmed Roberta Jacobson as the new  ambassador to Mexico https…
"Let’s keep going together.
Let’s organize and mobilize.
Let’s make sure that love trumps hate." —Hillary
"We cannot let Barack Obama’s legacy fall into Donald Trump’s hands." —Hillary
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violence—these aren’t somebody else’s problems. These are our problems." —Hillary
Health care.
Education.
Criminal justice.
Equal pay.
Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all: 
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end.
“Something’s wrong when so many black parents are burying their children.” —Hillary 
"Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." —Hillary
“Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary
“Let America ‘be that great strong land of love.’ That is more than poetry…that’s a prayer.” —Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual @NAACP dinner in Detroit → 
This , let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders to our country. 
"She’s battle tested, she’s got a dirty uniform, and that’s who you want fighting for your kids’ future.” 
@potus Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves.  -H
RT @mayaharris_: Teen pregnancy rate at all-time low. Despite Republican opposition, access to contraception &amp; sex education works. https:/…
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes. 
Raise the minimum wage.
Ensure paid leave.
Protect union rights.

If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers. 
If standing up for women is playing the # 
The ?

Fighting for women's rights is a card we'd play any day.

¿Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagarían si fuera un hombre?

There's a lot more that unites us than divides us.

RT @jastengco: Touching @nytimes article on Muslim HS student winning prom queen after friends campaigned for her  https://t…
If you see a bully, stand up to him. 
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your : 
Estas son las promesas de Trump. Así podría ser su presidencia….

RT @CNN: Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump's foreign policy views "quite concerning"   …
Get your own *: 

*does not include a 21% discount on your purchases. 
RT @jmurray20: The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee did the right thing by not rolling back the post 9/11 GI Bill. 
An entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in. 
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on @Quora: 
RT @Quora: Presidential candidate @HillaryClinton: How can we stop the spread of the Zika virus?  …
RT @TheBriefing2016: We can't afford a Trump presidency. This video will show you why. 


If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.

Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a través de los años. 
Want one? Chip in now:   
If fighting for women is "playing the ," what card is Trump playing?

Hate isn't an American value. 
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. 
Couldn't agree more, @PattyMurray. It's time for Republicans to address this threat:  -H 
 to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter: 
.@jimmyfallon: Does Donald Trump intimidate you?

Hillary: No. 

Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood.

President Trump? Same.

Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the Army's first female infantry officer. Well done.  -H
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —@realDonaldTrump

RT @HFA: Let's go out and win this election. Join us:  
Turning away Muslims, pitting Americans against each other, inciting violence and chaos—these aren't our values.

The  has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating. 
Yikes. 
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump has said we "need unpredictability" with nuclear weapons. Hillary's response:   https://t…
So if fighting for women is playing the ,  
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood.
Women still face too many barriers—a president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back.
They might make flashy headlines, but Trump's comments aren't a joke. Hillary can handle these attacks. Millions of women shouldn't have to.
Last night, the "." This morning, Trump said he "hasn't recovered" from Hillary's "shouting." Really? 
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump has a lot of ideas about foreign policy. 

The problem is that they're bad. 

 htt…
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for. 
Civil rights and voting rights.
Workers’ rights and women’s rights.

Let's defend them all.

RT @mayaharris_: Mass incarceration's impact on women and their families doesn't get the attention it deserves. -Hillary  https:/…
Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave.
Or as Donald Trump says, playing the "woman's card."

RT @Ann_OLeary: Our fact-finding trip to Puerto Rico made it clear: We need emergency funding to fight Zika. Tell Congress to act: https://…
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." —Hillary last night in PA 
Caught your speech, @realDonaldTrump. About that "woman's card"

Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate.

Thank you, Connecticut. 
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back. 
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination: 
"Let’s go forward. Let’s win the nomination." —Hillary  
"Imagine a tomorrow  trumps hate.” —Hillary
“Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, we’re breaking down barriers.” —Hillary 
“If fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the ‘woman card,’ then deal me in.” —Hillary
Civil rights &amp; voting rights.
Worker’s rights &amp; women’s rights.
LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities.

Let's defend them all.
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street."
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." —Hillary
“Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, there’s much more that unites us than divides us.” —Hillary
"Our campaign is about restoring people’s confidence in our ability to solve problems together" —Hillary
Americans are hungry for solutions. They don’t just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them.
More than  million have donated.
Chip in now to join this team: 
"We’re going to come back to  the most votes and the most pledged delegates. We’ll unify our party to win this election.”
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia. 
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer, volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you. 
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H 
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours. 
We did it, Delaware! 
Thank you, Maryland. 
Three answers from last night’s @MSNBC town hall that you should see: 
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H 
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over:  
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racism—and it's not only wrong, it's holding us back.

RT @rosenbergerlm: These brutal murders are deplorable. Mannan's work on LGBT rights must carry on, and activists must be protected. https:…
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable.

Live in CT, DE, MD, PA, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society—at home and around the world.

It’s Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. If you’re with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today: 
Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.   
We've heard way too much hateful rhetoric in this campaign.

We need more love and kindness.

Voters in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
America's gun violence epidemic is out of control. No more excuses—we need to act to save lives.

"I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men." —Hillary 
"As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society." —Hillary to @Maddow 
Eight-year-old Noah became part of Hillary's Secret Service detail this weekend. Here's how.

RT @HFA: "When barriers for women fall, the world becomes a better place for everyone." —@lenadunham 
Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.   
"Voters can count on her to bring that same passion for getting the job done to the White House." 
“She's more accomplished than any other candidate.” —@PhillyDailyNews 
This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate, but what we really need is more love and kindness.

In 1990, explorer and marine biologist Sylvia Earle became the first woman appointed chief scientist at @NOAA. 
"Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic, well thought out proposals." —@BaltimoreSun:  
Editorial boards in Tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for Hillary Clinton. Here's why. 
Let's stand together to do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, for as long as we can.

"Everybody has a story. Everybody has a life worth dignity and protection."

La lucha por la cobertura médica a bajo costo lleva más de medio siglo y Hillary ha sido una líder por décadas. 
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote. 
RT @TUSK81: Great to see @HillaryClinton taking on this "Donald Trump is becoming more Presidential" absurdity. 
When someone shows you who they are, believe them. Trump has shown us who he is.

Women gathered in Seneca Falls 170 years ago to demand suffrage. @ChelseaClinton visited before voting for her mom. 
Uno no se intimida cuando se tienen que denunciar abusos a los derechos humanos.

RT @AmandaRenteria: Hillary Clinton se ha comprometido a atender la situación del virus del Zika, especialmente en Puerto Rico.
…
RT @Ann_OLeary: .@HillaryClinton's environmental justice fight will extend to Puerto Rico. Powerful tour of flooded @CanoMartinPena https:/…
Every child in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and a safe and healthy place to live. 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Puerto Rico Zika fact-finding mission for @HillaryClinton. WIC clinics educating &amp; providing kits for pregnant women https:…
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueños (del Zika), especialmente a las mujeres embarazadas. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump is going to try to take Mitt Romney's "etch-a-sketch" approach to the general election. Don't let him.
ht…
RT @AmandaRenteria: We learned a lot from Dr. Rullan: how Zika has affected other parts of the world &amp; what early data is showing now. http…
Does Trump think he can fool us into forgetting his hateful rhetoric? Sad! 
Zika has reached the  and we can't wait any longer to act. Tell Congress to address this public health crisis: 
We all know Donald Trump says offensive things about women. Here's what he says about policies that benefit women.

RT @ChelseaClinton: All children should live &amp; grow up in a healthy world. That’s why it's so important we . …
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros niños, tenemos que proteger el futuro de nuestro planeta.  
In ten years, we can generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America. 

RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump saying awful things about women isn't the most offensive thing about him.

His policies are.
…
RT @johnpodesta: We need a leader who will deliver on Paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, install enough renewable energy to power every h…
RT @johnpodesta: We celebrate  by signing a historic accord—one that will have unmatched impact on our environment &amp; society https…
Proud of my friend @GovernorVA for continuing to break down barriers to voting. -H 
The climate is changing.
Republican policies aren't.

RT if you agree we need to .

RT @TheBriefing2016: Under Donald Trump, the pay gap would remain yuge. 
We need to act on Zika—fast. Add your name and tell Congress: approve emergency funding now to keep families safe. 
"It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money." —Hillary on ensuring equal pay for women
Zika is a threat to public health &amp; we have to act now. Tell Congress to approve funding to address this crisis:  -H
Proud the  is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H
To make a better future for our kids, we've got to protect the future of our planet. Happy Earth Day. 
Conoce la historia de un gimnasio en Nueva York ayudando a concienciar sobre la encarcelación masiva. 
"To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders, I believe there's much more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary 
It isn't enough to just say we support equal pay for women. We have to do everything we can to make it a reality.

RT @wdasfm: .@HillaryClinton Reflects On @prince's Passing w/ @MsPattyJackson    …
"Once you've paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately." —Hillary on @GMA

A few bad actors supply the vast majority of guns used in crimes. We need to stop them.  
Gun violence is an epidemic. We cannot become indifferent to these losses. 
"We have got to address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color." —Hillary on @GMA

If anything else killed 33,000 people per year, Congress would take action. It's time to . 
In which Hillary reacts to @NBCSNL Hillary skits on @GMA.

RT @LSherABC: Hillary Clinton Talks Female Equality in 1988 @GMA Appearance    …
Thank you, New York. Let's go win this nomination.

"Victory" never tasted so good. Thanks, @MikeyLikesItNY.

It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint, but Congress needs to act now to help Flint families. -H
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. Anthony, who fought to win women the right to vote: "I voted" stickers. 
"No more families should have to go through what we have." —@EricaSmegs, daughter of Sandy Hook School principal

A woman, a leader, and a freedom fighter. I can't think of a better choice for the $20 bill than Harriet Tubman:  -H
Hillary Clinton luchará para los inmigrantes para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
RT @nytimes: A homecoming, and a triumph, for Hillary Clinton in New York  
"Erica has turned her sorrow into a strategy and her mourning into a movement." —Hillary in New York last night

"Because of you, this campaign is the only one—Democrat or Republican—to win 10 million votes.” 
"New York is a place for dreaming big. But New Yorkers also like to get things done." —Hillary 
¡Esta victoria es de todos ustedes Nueva York! Muchas gracias por su apoyo. Unete a la campaña aquí → 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're with her tonight. 
“The motto of this state is ‘Excelsior’–ever upward. So let’s go out and win this election and all rise together.” 
New Yorkers speak every language, worship every faith, and hail from every continent. 

Our diversity is a strength, not a weakness.
Donald Trump &amp; Ted Cruz are pushing a vision for America that's divisive &amp; dangerous.

We should be lifting people up—not tearing them down.
RT @HFA: It’s about lifting each other up, not tearing each other down. 
New York is a place to dream big—and we’re setting bold, progressive goals in this campaign. But New Yorkers also like to get things done.
“The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and our goal is in sight.” 
We did it, New York! Watch Hillary live: 
Start spreading the news. 
Tonight's victory belongs to everyone who worked hard to get out the vote. Sign up now to keep the momentum going. 
To our volunteers, organizers, and supporters who worked your hearts out in New York: This is your win. Thank you. 
Let's win this nomination. Chip in $3 to let Hillary know you've got her back all the way to the White House: 
Right back at you, New York. 
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: What's @HillaryClinton up to while New Yorkers vote? Check out @HFA's liveblog to find out.  ht…
A couple of New Yorkers heading to the polls. 

Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place, then head over:  
¿Cómo funciona el sistema de delegados? Nuestro experto en delegados nos explica en esta entrevista. 
Just a few hours until polls close in New York. Get the latest from  on our live blog → 
If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect, there's nothing we can't do.

Our country can't reach its potential unless we all do.

It's  in New York. Get all you need to know on our live blog:  
Go vote, New York. It'll only take you one try.   
First stop on New York primary day.   
We asked New Yorkers what they really think of Donald Trump.

They didn’t hold back.  
New Yorkers head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
¡Alza tu voz! Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →   
Go vote today, New York—Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
Every Republican presidential candidate would reverse @POTUS’s executive actions on immigration.  
We don't all look the same, or sound the same, or worship the same—and that's one of America's biggest strengths.

RT @NickMerrill: Stopped by an old @HillaryClinton favorite, @MikeyLikesItNY in the . Read this:  https:…
Push forward into the unknown, @StephenAtHome. Watch Hillary on @colbertlateshow at 11:30pm ET. 

RT @albamonica: 7th stop of the day: HRC continues call for an end to the tipped wage at Colors restaurant in Noho 
.@NYTimes on Hillary: "One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history." 
RT @lorellapraeli: “Hora de encaminar la ciudadanía plena e igualitaria y arreglar por fin nuestro quebrado sistema migratorio …
"She promised me to block the Constitutional amendment against gay marriage. And she did."  
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system.  -H
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H
Millions of families who call America home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today, SCOTUS begins deciding their fate. -H
To everyone in Houston, please stay safe and avoid traveling. Our prayers are with you.  -H
Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →    
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. 

.@TomColicchio, thanks for your work on this issue. Your zip code shouldn't determine your ability to access healthy, affordable food.
RT @HillaryForNY: New Yorkers know this better than anyone: Hillary has what it takes to be president. Text RECORD to 47246 to learn why.
"Anything is possible. Do not let where you come from dictate your life."
How one New York school is changing lives: 
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: New York state senator twirls @HillaryClinton during Washington Heights block party: 
If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate, there's nothing we can't do.

RT @hartfordcourant: Hartford Courant endorses Hillary Clinton in Connecticut Democratic presidential primary.  http…
RT @HFA: Make sure your friends in New York vote for Hillary on Tuesday. Send them a message with our friend finder: …
Nuestros corazones están con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer.
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H
A great day in East Harlem, in photos.  
RT @HFA: Meet three of the kids covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program, all grown up:  …
RT @HillaryforPA: Your Sunday afternoon read: "In a word, Clinton" —@PhillyInquirer endorses @HillaryClinton:  …
“Muchos neoyorquinos luchan por pagar la renta  y las familias latinas y afroamericanas son las más afectadas”. 
RT @HFA: “I love you, New York! Go vote!” —@Carole_King

A new friend in Brooklyn.

"If a young man believes that he might be a senator or  don't have to tell them not to join a gang." 
About 90 people are killed by guns every day in America. We can't accept that as normal.  
Behind the scenes on the campaign with YouTube star @raymondbraun.

Latino households are more than twice as likely as white households to face severe housing cost burdens. 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Hillary: She can envision a better world and take the steps to make that vision a reality. 
It's time for us to say, "enough is enough." We have to protect families, not the gun lobby.

Thinking of Boston as we remember the bombing 3 years ago. Your strength and resilience will always defeat acts of terror.  -H
.@IAVA is right, Congress shouldn't cut GI Bill benefits. America should fulfill our commitment to our veterans.  -H
You can knock us down, but you can't keep us down.
We're always getting up. We're always moving forward.

RT @Ann_OLeary: Californians can save on taxes with the , building on the federal EITC that has helped millions of families: https:…
A quarter of renters in the  spend more than half their income on rent. We need to make housing more affordable. 
In 1992, 75% of New York's prison population came from seven neighborhoods in NYC. @EAFNYC is changing that.

If you thought last night's debate was 

This couple lost their daughter in the Aurora shooting. Now, they have to pay the gun dealer's legal fees.

We need a president who will take action on gun violence and stand with victims' families against the gun lobby.

A typical woman working full-time is paid just 79% of what a man makes, but there's no discount for being a woman.

RT @mayaharris_: Wage gap for NYC  is larger than the rest of the country. Time for .  https:/…
"We have a presidential candidate by the name of Donald Trump saying that women should be punished." 
RT @StephenAtHome: Monday's guest @HillaryClinton has a lot of big ideas, and also several smaller ones. 

Sen. Sanders couldn't name a time donations influenced Hillary—because there are none.  (via @nowthisnews) 
RT @albamonica: HRC joins a game of dominoes at a senior center in East Harlem 
RT @dominiclowell: So proud of the many students taking part in the @GLSEN  today and fighting to end anti-LGBT bullying and h…
A record of results, from taking on the gun lobby to securing health care for millions of kids.  
Women's rights aren't a "distraction." They're at the heart of who we are—and we need to defend them. 
RT @billclinton: New Yorkers know the @HillaryClinton I've known for 45 years—always asking “What can I do to make it better?” 
One candidate delivers catchy lines—the other delivers results. Add your name to say you're with Hillary:  
If we work together, we can change history. Chip in today and get your sticker:  
RT if you're standing with Hillary tonight.  
"Together, we won't just make promises we can't keep—we'll deliver results that will improve the lives of the people of America." —Hillary
Southern Democratic voters matter just as much as every other Democratic voter. 
Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. That's not a distraction—it's a disgrace.

"We're never asked about [abortion]—this goes to who we are as women: our rights, autonomy, our ability to make our own decisions." —Hillary
Republican governors would have to fund one third of @BernieSanders’ college plan. Not likely.  
No American should have to take out a loan to pay tuition at a public college. We should also help people with existing student debt.
At the , we agree we need universal health care. That’s why Hillary’s been fighting for it for 20+ years. 
We can’t afford a President Trump, Cruz, or Kasich. We need a leader on women's rights. 
With women's health under attack across the country, how is it possible that there hasn't been a single  question on it?
RT @NewRepublic: Clinton to Sanders on Israel/Palestine: "Describing the problem is a lot easier than trying to solve it."  https…
RT @RollingStone: "Hillary Clinton is one of the most qualified candidates for the presidency in modern times.” Read our endorsement https:…
El planeta no puede esperar por una revolución política. Necesitamos soluciones prácticas para combatir el cambio climático. 
Four years as secretary of state—she's got a bit of experience on foreign policy.  
The planet can't wait for a political revolution. We need real solutions to fight climate change now.  
"It's easy to diagnose the problem. It's harder to do something about the problem." —Hillary on combating climate change 
We need a president who will always put families above the gun lobby. 

Todos los niños merecen una educación de alta calidad no importa su origen étnico, los ingresos de su familia o donde vivan. 
You voted for the bill.   
Every child, no matter his or her race, income, or ZIP code, should be guaranteed a high-quality education. 
We have to tackle systemic racism and fix our broken criminal justice system.  
RT @voxdotcom: Full text: Hillary Clinton's speech on criminal justice reform  
RT @MotherJones: The biggest effort in years to stem the flow of guns onto the black market ended with the bill Sanders helped pass https:/…
There's only one candidate on stage who thinks gun makers should be held accountable for gun deaths.  
How is it possible that it's easier to sue a toy maker for endangering your child than a gun maker? 
33,000 people die every year in this country from guns. 90 each day. 1,000 shot a year in New York City. That's not acceptable. Full stop.
RT @TheBriefing2016: We're still waiting on that answer, @BernieSanders. 


Also saved by that vote: millions of jobs, the economy, and the auto industry.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Two answers on Wall Street.  
Democrats agree we need to hold big banks accountable—but Hillary's the only candidate who never voted to reduce oversight on Wall Street.
It's easy to say you'll fix Wall Street—it's harder to actually do it. Hillary has a plan to get it done.  
Sen. Sanders talks a lot about stopping special interests for someone who's voted with the NRA over and over again. 
"Sen. Sanders did call me unqualified. I've been called a lot of things in my life—that was a first." —Hillary 
RT if you're cheering on Hillary tonight.  
Before Hillary takes the  stage, check out her record of results: 
 to Hillary in a 2000 debate. Tune in for tonight's  at 9:00  ET.

¡El  es hoy! Envía LATINOS al 47246 para que Hillary sepa que estás con ella.
"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."   
RT @HillaryForNY: A beautiful sea of blue!  
You don't make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great.

Watch CNN at 9pm ET. 

La situación del virus del Zika es urgente. Tenemos que invertir ahora para desarrollar una vacuna y tratamiento. 
Donald Trump's made the most reckless statements on national security by any major candidate in modern history: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Here's a hint at why the @nydailynews may have endorsed Hillary.  
“Ella puede unir a personas de cada comunidad y pienso que continuará haciendo eso”. 
This is urgent. We need to invest in a vaccine and treatment now. My heart goes out to parents impacted by Zika.  -H
Donald Trump says wages are too high. Really? Hardworking Americans don't think so.  
Environmental justice isn't just a public health issue—it's a civil rights issue. 
Southerners’ votes count as much as everyone else’s—whether you won them or not. 
"Hillary Clinton luchará por nosotros". —Tom Perez

Durante décadas de servicio al país Hillary logró resultados, especialmente para las familias. Conoce 7 de ellos. 
“Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@gabbygiffords

Clean air shouldn't be a luxury in America.  
RT @mikereedschmidt: .@HillaryClinton on @SenWarren's smart tax proposal: "It will save Americans time and money"  h…
American women are 11 times more likely to be murdered by a gun than in any other developed nation:  
"Every child and every family in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink and a safe and healthy place to live." —Hillary
Hillary's environmental justice plan would eliminate lead as a major public health threat within 5 years: 
“What happened in Flint would never have happened in a wealthy, white suburb of Detroit.” —Hillary
We need to break down every barrier holding families back—and that includes environmental barriers. 
Tune in to watch Hillary speak at @NationalAction on her plan to fight for environmental justice: 
Even in states with strict gun laws, illegal weapons are often just a bus ride away. We have to fix this: 
“New York  in Clinton a superprepared warrior realist.” —@NYDailyNews endorsing Hillary: 
RT @mikereedschmidt: How would you go about breaking up a bank under current law? Just ask @HillaryClinton.   h…
 means it's taken this long into 2016 for women, on average, to catch up to what men made in 2015. 
There’s no discount for being a woman—yet women are still paid less. 

Myths on the wage gap, debunked:  
RT @HFA: "I want my son’s life to be better than the life I ’s why I stand with Hillary Clinton."

It's not like women get charged less than men for groceries.

We need to ensure equal pay.

RT @mayaharris_: New report from NYC Public Advocate @TishJames: NYC women earn about $ billion less than men each yr …
We've made progress on equal pay—but our work isn't done. Our next president needs to keep leading the fight for it. 
RT @HFA: Since Riley helped launch Hillary's campaign, she’s moved to a new neighborhood—and turned a "whole hand" old.
…
Reminder for Republican legislators in PA: Every woman should be free to make her own health care decisions. 
RT @NYDailyNews: Tomorrow's front page
@nydailynews Editorial Board endorses @HillaryClinton for  primary  https…
RT @micnews: Paying men and women equally would add $ trillion to the  economy  
RT @zatchry: Side-by-side: Clinton vs. Bernie talking about the MetLife "Too-Big-to-Fail" case. @NYDailyNews 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Paid leave is critical to closing gender wage gap. Thanks @JerryBrownGov &amp; @JimmyGomezCA for paving the way in CA! https://…
Women lose out on every paycheck—and women of color feel it the most. It’s time to close the pay gap.  
RT @HFA: "We’ve come a long way. We still have a long way to go, but we’re getting there. And we’ll get there with Hillary."
…
The average woman makes just $ for every $1 a man earns.

RT if you agree we have to fix that.  
From one Iowa road trip to a campaign that's millions strong: here's what we’ve built together in the past year. 
Women earn just $ for every $1 men do. It's worse for women of color. Let's close that gap.  -H

One year ago today.

“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?” 

We can't afford a President Trump, Cruz, or Kasich. 

If you agree, get your sticker →  
RT @Glassdoor: Join the conversation. Glassdoor Roundtable on Pay Equality w/ @HillaryClinton   https:/…
A majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.

RT if you're one of them.

We can't accept this as "normal." It's time to help stop gun violence:  
RT @ChelseaClinton: We can't mistake progress for success. We’re with Flint as long as it takes to address the city’s water crisis https://…
If toy companies are held accountable for endangering our kids, gun makers should be too. Let's end their immunity. 
We can protect our Second Amendment rights AND take commonsense steps to prevent gun violence. It’s just a question of whether we choose to.
33,000 Americans die from gun violence each year. No other developed country comes close.  
Our next president should always prioritize families' safety over the NRA. 
We need a leader who will bring us together—not drive us apart. 
Hard choices. 
Donald Trump says we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other. He's dead wrong.

Hillary talked with @GlennThrush about being a wonk, standing up to bullies, and some great advice for flying. 
Scary.  
"I told my oncologist that I have to be there in November to cast my ballot."

Happy birthday to a personal hero, @DoloresHuerta.

Thank you for your support, @RepCummings. 
Every American deserves to live free from discrimination—no matter who they are or who they love.

RT @BilldeBlasio: She's always been a show stopper. Thanks to @HillaryClinton for taking  to the next level.  https:/…
"No one is better prepared to help our working families." —@Chirlane, first lady of New York City 
Donald Trump says wages are too high. (Yeah, you read that right.)

It's not just Trump: Every Republican presidential candidate has attacked women's health and rights. 
Wouldn't be a Brooklyn campaign stop without a visit to @JuniorsCheeseck. 
If you read one thing today, make it this.  by @EricaSmegs 
We’ve earned more votes than any other candidate—Republican or Democrat.  
Some say we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other. 

We know better.

"I will stand my ground against any efforts to undermine our country or set us back." —Hillary 
✓ Stood up for 9/11 first responders
✓ Protected families' health
✓ Fought for kids' education 
And more: 
"Right to Work" is wrong for America. Great news in WI—we should stand with workers in the fight for their rights. 
Solo una candidata tiene más votos que Donald Trump.  
We can't sit back while politicians make it virtually impossible for women to access the health care they need. 
“I’ve been called a lot of things over the years, but ‘unqualified’ has not been one of them.” —Hillary
How much more money would you have if you didn’t have student loan debt?  
RT @mayoredlee: We as Mayors must call out discrimination when we see it,  individually &amp; collectively. 
https:…
.@Carole_King stopped by the office. We interviewed her:  
RT @Glassdoor: Excited to host the Glassdoor Roundtable on Pay Equality with @HillaryClinton   https://…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders says Hillary Clinton called him "unqualified."

Nope.

Fighting for women and girls for 40 years and counting.

Agree? Get your free sticker: 
RT @NickMerrill: Seems like a good time to re-up this.  
"Gay rights are human rights."

Watch how Hillary helped advance gay rights around the world as secretary of state.

Still wondering if Hillary's qualified to be president? Good thing there's this handy quiz to give us the answer! 
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –@POTUS

"Clinton is one of the brightest people in Congress &amp; she would be an excellent choice” —Sen. Sanders on Hillary as Sec. of State, Nov. 2008
"Knowledgeable"
"Prepared"
"Qualified"

What newspapers around the country are saying about Hillary. 
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history I've ever seen." —@BillClinton

Hillary worked to expand health care for millions of children: 
Thanks, Pittsburgh. It was an unqualified delight.  
"Voters have the chance to choose one of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates " 
There's only one candidate in this race with more votes than Donald Trump.  
We need a president who can bring people together.

Hate and bigotry have no place in America.

Only one Democratic candidate has voted for the NRA's "most important piece of legislation in 20 years."

You. 
Women should be paid equally to men. Period. Thanks for leading the fight on paycheck fairness, @SenatorBarb. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders forgot one big detail about his plan to break up the banks.

.@BernieSanders prioritized gun manufacturers' rights over the parents of the children killed at Sandy Hook.

@EricaSmegs remember, any hateful comments are just noise compared to your voice for change. With you in the fight to stop gun violence. -H
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Democrats cannot nominate a candidate who believes that toy gun makers should be held to a higher legal standard than re…
Refusing to serve LGBT people because of who they are is discrimination. End of story.
 
We need a president who doesn’t just rail against trade. We need a president who knows how to compete against the rest of the world and win.
RT @PaAFL_CIO: "Hard working Americans deserve a president with a real plan to create jobs." @HillaryClinton  https://t.…
My message to every American worker is this: I will stand with you, I will have your back. 
“It’s time for more businesses to start treating workers as assets to be invested in, not costs to be cut.” -Hillary
We need to drive a manufacturing renaissance in this country. Here’s how we’ll do that: 
"'Right to Work' is wrong for workers and wrong for America.” -Hillary on her opposition to restricting workers' rights
Unions helped build the greatest middle class in history. They continue to do that today by leading the fight to .
“If you do your part, you and your family should be able to get ahead and stay ahead.” -Hillary to the @AFLCIO
Watch live: Hillary speaks to the @AFLCIO in Philadelphia on how we can help more American workers succeed: 
Instead of absurd and offensive proposals to build a wall, let's fight for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Glad to hear Pfizer is calling off the merger. We need to close the loopholes that let corporations escape paying their taxes. -H
It is legal to pay workers with disabilities less than the minimum wage.

Let's end that:  
RT @TheBriefing2016: If by "ambition," he means "the large majority of Democratic " 


El "plan" de Trump para que México pague por el muro es ridículo, ofensivo y castigaría a familias. No es correcto. 
If you’re with Hillary, now’s the time to say so. Chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination. 
Congrats to @BernieSanders on winning Wisconsin. To all the voters and volunteers who poured your hearts into this campaign: Forward! -H
Trump's "plan" to make Mexico pay for a wall is ridiculous, offensive, and would punish kids &amp; families. It's wrong. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary
✔️ has supported a $15 min wage in NY/CA 
✔️ has fought for a federal raise for years h…
We're going to make paid family leave the law of the land. Glad to see New York and San Francisco leading the way. 
Hillary in 1995: Raising the minimum wage is the right thing to do.
Hillary in 2016: Still true.

This is it, Wisconsin—just a few more hours to vote for Hillary. Confirm your polling place here:  and head over now!
Women deserve a president who'll stand up for our rights—and against Republican attempts to restrict health access and criminalize doctors.
Proud NY is leading on paid leave—but your ability to make ends meet shouldn't depend on what state you live in. 
It’s 2016. The days of dismissing the pay gap as a "women's issue" are over. 
When you shortchange women, you shortchange all of us. We need to close the pay gap once and for all. 
Minimum wage earners are disproportionately women of color. Raising it would help millions of families. 
It's time to tear down the barriers that are holding too many women back. Watch Hillary's town hall in Brooklyn: 
Make sure your friends in Wisconsin vote for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
RT @TheView: "It is like falling in love all over again," @HillaryClinton says of being a grandma.   …
We need to make college more affordable. Relying on Republican governors like @GovWalker isn't the way to do it.

RT @mayaharris_: It's not just Trump attacking women's health: Republicans in PA are trying to criminalize abortion. Shameful. …
RT @mpshapiro: The @USTreasury just took a strong step to crack down on corporate inversions. It follows Hillary's tough plan: …
Wisconsin: Go vote today! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
We should all be able to get time off to care for a newborn baby or sick spouse. It's time to guarantee paid leave.

“I miss my son more than I can  will never stop fighting for justice. Neither will Hillary Clinton.” 
It’s Primary Day, Wisconsin! Retweet if you’re heading to the polls and voting for Hillary. 
How can you stop @GovWalker and the GOP's attacks on education and women's rights?

Vote:  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary has earned the most votes ✓
When more people vote, Hillary wins ✓

Get the facts on where this race stands: ht…
Born on this day in 1928, Maya Angelou’s voice holds a powerful place in the ongoing fight for justice. 
48 years ago, we lost a giant in the fight for equality. Let’s honor Dr. King and keep bending the arc of the moral universe toward justice.
Raising the minimum wage will help millions of families around the country—especially women:  
Hillary Clinton cree que la educación es la clave para salir adelante. Lee el artículo. 
RT @repjohnlewis: 48 yrs ago today, my friend, my brother, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed in Memphis, TN. The light of his…
Hardworking Americans deserve a raise. It’s time to increase the minimum wage:  
Donald Trump says that wages are too high, but we know better. Americans deserve a raise. 
If we care about working families, we should make it easier to work and have a family. 
In our democracy, every one of our voices should count. Glad the Supreme Court affirmed this fundamental right. 
New York is about to  and expand paid leave.

Watch Hillary and @NYGovCuomo speak at the bill signing. 
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college. Here's how we can achieve that: 
Hillary’s plan to make college more affordable won't depend on billions upfront from GOP governors like Scott Walker

You should never have to choose between your paycheck and taking care of your family.  
We need to make it easier to balance work and family. 
A retired auto worker on why she’s for Hillary: “I like her strength even though she went through some challenges.” 
Nueva York le dio una oportunidad a Hillary de ser su senadora. Ella luchó por ellos y estos fueron los resultados. 
Pre-game pep talk in Syracuse.

RT @HillaryForNY: "Hillary has always delivered for New York. Both as first lady and as senator.” —@NYAmNews 
We can't let Republican governors get in the way of affordable college. Read Hillary's plan: 

Watch @HamiltonMusical's @reneeelisegolds welcome Hillary to Harlem with the national anthem. Work.

RT @TheBriefing2016: If you live in Wisconsin,  Bernie Sanders' "free college" plan probably wouldn't apply to you. Here's why.
…
"Es una amiga nuestra de mucho antes y de siempre". —Congresista Luis Gutiérrez sobre Hillary Clinton

.@BusinessInsider: “Do you trust Donald Trump with our military?”

Hillary: “Of course not.” 

“You’ve always had my back, and I’ve always tried to have yours.”  
Picked up this necklace at a great women-owned shop in Madison, WI. Looks like they've got fans in New York, too. -H 
From Super Tuesday to "Live at the Apollo." March, in photos.  
Trump's attacks on women's health are just as bad as the rest of the GOP candidates'.  
Candidates who support the assault on women's rights have no business being president. 
 million new jobs—and 11 other numbers that show how far we’ve come under @POTUS:  
RT @mpshapiro: See @HillaryClinton's Make It In America plan to create good manufacturing jobs nationwide—just like she did in NY: https://…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Women's constitutional rights are under assault from every Republican candidate in this race. Watch:
…
RT @businessinsider: Clinton on Trump's abortion comments: Republicans are embarrassed he said what they believe  ht…
Every Republican candidate wants to ban abortion, and their frontrunner said he'd punish women seeking it. 
Now that's what we call . Thanks, @NYGovCuomo. -H 
Some are claiming we can solve America’s problems by building walls and turning against each other.

We know better.

We can’t afford to let this agenda into the White House. (via @PPact) 
RT @NYAmNews: The Amsterdam News endorses @HillaryClinton for president 
Our diversity and willingness to change have been making America great for decades. 

Let’s keep fighting for the safety, respect, and full equality for all trans people.  
Still nothing from Congress to help the people of Puerto Rico. Time for action on the debt crisis that preserves PR's self-government.
Chip in $1 and get this sticker if you agree: We can’t afford a President Trump. 
En el día de  honramos un luchador del movimiento laboral quien empoderó a trabajadores por todo el país.
On , we honor a champion of the American labor movement who empowered workers everywhere. 
RT @CarliLloyd: Historic moment. Proud of the strength of this team.   
Wouldn’t want to face these women on the field or in the courtroom. Every woman deserves equal pay. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Women's health is a serious issue. 

Our next president should see it that way.

.@realDonaldTrump said women should be punished for having an abortion.

We can't let him be president.

RT @TUSK81: .@HillaryClinton's Snapchat game is 👌🏽 
Yet another idea from @realDonaldTrump that's ignorant, reckless, and frankly absurd. Sad! 
At this point, Donald Trump has insulted the vast majority of Americans. The good news is, there's something we can all do about it: Vote.
Every woman—regardless of income or zip code—deserves access to health care. If you don't get that, you have no business being president.
Women, especially low-income women and women of color, are already being punished by GOP-led efforts to stigmatize and restrict health care.
Remember: If you make abortion a crime, you make women who seek abortions criminals. You put one in three women at risk.
The fact is, Trump isn't that different from every other Republican candidate who would also outlaw abortion.
Even by his impossibly low standards, @realDonaldTrump's suggestion that women be punished for seeking abortion is abhorrent.
Maya Angelou said: "When people show you who they are, believe them." Trump can try to walk back his words, but we heard him loud and clear.
We can’t let someone with this much contempt for women’s rights anywhere near the White House.

Just when you thought it couldn't get worse. Horrific and telling. -H  
Let’s have each other’s backs, lift each other up, and break down all the barriers holding us back.

When a candidate for president says we can solve America’s problems by building walls and discriminating, New Yorkers know better.
New York is home to 20 million people. We don’t all look the same. We don’t all sound the same or worship the same, but we pull together.
Our next president has to be just as passionate about defending our people and our country as about fixing our economy.
"We need a president who will help break down all the barriers holding Americans back, not just some." -Hillary
"This is NY. Nobody dreams bigger than we do. But this is a city that likes to get things done. That’s what we want from our president too."
Some folks may have the luxury to hold out for “the perfect.” But a lot of Americans are hurting right now and they can’t wait for that.
"Isn’t it time to finally guarantee equal pay for the work women do?” -Hillary 
"New Yorkers have always believed that if you work hard and you do your part, you should be able to get ahead and stay ahead." -Hillary
RT @HillaryForNY: "New Yorkers took a chance on me and I will never forget that. You’ve always had my back, and I’ve always tried to have y…
So far we’ve received nearly 9 million votes—more than a million more than Donald Trump and  million more than Senator Sanders.
Any candidate seriously competing to be president should seriously campaign everywhere. That’s what we’ve done.
Live at the @ApolloTheater! Hillary's speaking now about the values that make New York—and America—great: 
Enough is enough. It's time to take a stand against Republican leaders' obstruction and recklessness. 
The choice: Hillary is standing up to the NRA. Senator Sanders voted with them.  
When in Wisconsin. 
Senate Republicans are ignoring the voices of 65 million Americans who voted to re-elect Barack Obama.    
(The "F" doesn't stand for "friends") 
"Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and  he is pitting Americans against each other."

 decision rightfully leaves in place protections for workers and unions—and is a reminder that our values are at stake on SCOTUS.
“I refuse to sit on the sidelines while more children die.” 
RT @rosenbergerlm: Congrats to these amazing . You inspire us with your daily work for tolerance, peace and justice. https:/…
"Every day, another Republican bemoans the rise of Donald  but [he] didn’t come out of nowhere." —Hillary

We can’t let Donald Trump anywhere near the Supreme Court. 
65 million Americans voted to re-elect @POTUS. He’s nominated a SCOTUS Justice as the Constitution requires. @ChuckGrassley: .
Tenemos que resolver la crísis económica de Puerto Rico ahora. Gracias por levantar tu voz @Lin_Manuel. 
Voters elected @POTUS—twice. He did his job and gave us a @SCOTUSnom. Time for Senate Republicans to do theirs.

Raising CA's minimum wage to $15 is a big win for workers and  organizers. I applaud CA and other states' work to raise wages. -H
RT @TheBriefing2016: Just another reason why this election  
Add your name to tell Senate Republicans:  and hold a hearing on @POTUS's Supreme Court nominee. 
Last June,  ruled that marriage equality was the law of the land. 
In 1982,  ruled that undocumented children had the right to go to school. 
In 1977,  paved the way for public sector unions. 
In 1973,  ruled that women have the right to make intimate health decisions for ourselves. 
In 1954,  held that separate is not equal in our schools. 
At our best, America has united behind the ideal that everyone deserves a fair shot. At its best, the Supreme Court has defended that ideal.
Donald Trump didn’t come out of nowhere—what Republicans have sown with their extremist tactics, they're now reaping with Trump's candidacy.
"Ask yourselves: what kind of justice would a President Trump appoint? Or for that matter, what kind of Attorney General?" —Hillary
“I will appoint  will protect a woman’s right to choose, rather than billionaires’ right to buy elections." —Hillary
"If SCOTUS doesn’t overturn Citizens United, I’ll fight for a Constitutional amendment to limit influence of money in elections." —Hillary
The idea that money is speech turns our Constitution upside down. Wealth shouldn’t be privileged in the courts—it should have no privilege.
In a single term,  could demolish virtually every pillar of progressivism. This is a make-or-break moment. 
"Today, I’m adding my voice to the chorus asking Senator Grassley to step up and do his job. He should hold a hearing." —Hillary 
"We chose a president—twice. Now Republicans are acting like those votes didn’t count, and @POTUS isn’t still our nation’s leader." —Hillary
"As one of the more than 65 million Americans who voted to re-elect Barack Obama, I’d say my voice is being ignored." —Hillary
Senator @ChuckGrassley says we should wait for a new president to pick a Justice because “the American people shouldn’t be denied a voice.”
The ideological bent of the Supreme Court has led our country in the wrong direction—stacking the deck in favor of the wealthy and powerful.
Watch live as Hillary speaks on the future of the Supreme Court in Madison, WI: 
Every American deserves a fair shot at success. Time to resolve the Puerto Rican debt crisis. Thanks, @Lin_Manuel. 
Updates from HQ, the campaign trail, and Hillary—straight to your phone. 
The next president could have the power to change the course of our judicial system for generations to come. 
“It's time we stand up to the gun lobby and stand with parents who have lost their children to gun violence.” 
My prayers are with the victims of the horrific Easter Day attack in Lahore. Pakistan and all nations must confront &amp; defeat terrorists. -H
We can open the door to every person in this country again.

Hillary received two memorable gifts during a meeting with Puyallup tribal leaders. 
RT @mayaharris_: Voter discrimination undermines our democracy. Watch these stories from  voters. It’s time to . https://…
Here’s what you should know about the crisis in child care costs—and the one candidate who’s got a plan to fix it. 
"All of us have a responsibility to ourselves, to our children, to each other."

To those celebrating, I wish you a season full of love, hope, and renewal. Happy Easter! -H
We can win this nomination, but Hillary needs everyone on this team to do it. Chip in to say you’ve got her back: 
What happened in North Carolina is the latest reminder that the fight for LGBT equality is far from over. 
"Tenemos que actuar en contra del virus Zika ahora." —Hillary 
We need a president who will make comprehensive immigration reform a top priority and keep families together. 
When Republican candidates demonize Muslim Americans, it’s wrong, counterproductive, and dangerous. 
RT @mintimm: Politicians should not interfere with women's health care—in Indiana, Florida, or anywhere else.
Make sure your friends in AK, HI, and WA caucus for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
It’s Caucus Day, Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington! Retweet if you're with her. 
We face serious challenges around the world. We need serious leadership. 
The top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all of the kindergarten teachers in America combined. That’s not acceptable.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Republicans have made it clear: their response to terror would be reckless, dangerous, and wrong.
…
“Clinton not only has the experience and achievements…but a commitment to social justice.” —@RollingStone 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Kudos to State AGs for fighting to relieve defrauded Corinthian students &amp; standing up against predatory for-profits https:…
When it comes to terrorism, we know what doesn’t work (bluster and bigotry) and what does (steady leadership). 
.@JimmyKimmelLive: "I'm going to help you win this election no problem. Are you familiar with mansplaining?"

"The clear and urgent choice is Hillary Clinton." —@RollingStone 
There's one candidate who's ready to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One. 
RT @rosenbergerlm: Vets and pros agree: Torture isn't who we are, doesn't work, makes our troops &amp; nation less secure.  htt…
We need a president who will provide leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
Black students are 16% of student populations but are subjected to school-related arrests 31% of the time. 
Heartbroken &amp; angry at this Flint report. Unconscionable failure of leadership. Snyder should be held to account.  -H
LGBT people should be protected from discrimination under the law—period.  -H
“Four boys shot my son dead on Christmas Eve." A moment backstage with a mom who lost her son to gun violence.

Army Captain Humayun Khan, a Muslim American serving in Iraq, was 27 when he saved the lives of his entire unit.

TB still ravages communities around the world—and here. Let's invest in treatment and prevention of this disease.  -H
A small change made by Hillary during her tenure as secretary of state had a big impact for transgender Americans. 
Fighting for quality, affordable child care is not new for Hillary. Check out this clip from 1995.

Our delegate lead is strong, but Hillary’s counting on you to win this nomination. Join the live training → 
This isn't who we are, and it also isn't how we keep America safe. 
We face serious challenges in the world—but we won't turn on each other, our allies, or our principles. 
Six years in, the ACA has brought us closer than ever to making sure every American has access to health care. 
When she needed emergency surgery, Obamacare saved her life. Let’s build on six years of progress—not start over.

In our fight against radical jihadism, we have to do what actually works. What doesn't work: Islamophobic rhetoric.

America needs strong, smart, steady leadership. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear. 
Women deserve birth control coverage no matter where they work. Bosses shouldn't get to interfere. 
RT @mpshapiro: ACA at 6 yrs: 20M insured, no more coverage denials, costs down. 72 months of job growth. A lasting achievement:  https://t.…
"Would you mind if I tell your story?" How the Affordable Care Act made a difference for Joanne's family.

We face serious challenges in the world—but Americans will not turn on each other, turn on our allies, or turn away from our principles.
"If I’m president, the United States will not condone or practice torture anywhere in the world." —Hillary in CA
When Republican candidates like Ted Cruz call for treating American Muslims like criminals, it’s not just wrong—it’s counter-productive.
In our fight against radical jihadism, we have to do what actually works. What doesn't work: offensive rhetoric that demonizes all Muslims.
America should not be shutting our doors to orphans or applying religious tests for people fleeing persecution. That’s not who we are.
"If Mr. Trump gets his way, it'll be like Christmas in the Kremlin. It will make America less safe and the world more dangerous." —Hillary
Slogans aren’t a strategy. Loose cannons tend to misfire. What America needs is strong, smart, steady leadership.
"We can’t let fear stop us from doing what’s necessary to keep us safe—nor let it push us into reckless actions that make us less safe."
Hillary has a three-part plan to defeat ISIS in the Middle East, around the world, and here at home. 
"We need to rely on what actually works, not bluster that alienates our partners and doesn’t make us any safer." —Hillary in CA
Watch live: Hillary speaks about how we will defeat terrorism, stand up to hate, and keep America safe → 
We live in a complex and dangerous world. We need leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady.

RT @HonTonyCoelho: On today's  anniversary, read my @Medium post about why it's a "A Landmark Law for People with Disabilities" https:/…
We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry. 
This isn't just a contest between candidates—it's between fundamentally different views of our values.

The ACA is on the line in this election. We won’t let it be repealed or start from scratch. We’ll expand until we hit universal coverage. -H
Thanks to @POTUS, millions of Americans have the health care they need—and thanks to Democrats, this law is still standing. -H
Six years ago, the ACA became law—one of the greatest progressive accomplishments of this century. Now, more than 20 million are covered. -H
In the face of terror, America doesn’t panic or build walls or turn our back on our allies. This is time for us to lead, not cower.
We need a president who can provide leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
This isn't just a contest between candidates—it's between fundamentally different views of our country, our values, and our future.
"Thank you to all the wonderful volunteers who are working so hard for our campaign. You’re knocking down barriers." —Hillary in WA
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to let Hillary know you’re on her team, all the way to the White House. 
Are you with Hillary? Chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination. 
Thank you, Arizona! 
Idahoans and Utahns: Go caucus today! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your caucus location. 
Make sure your friends in AZ, ID, &amp; UT vote or caucus for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
Idaho and Utah: Join thousands of your neighbors at the caucuses tonight! Confirm where to go here: 
Muslim Americans: this is your country, too. These kinds of proposals are dangerous, hateful, and beneath us. 
If we want our kids to succeed at school, let’s make sure their families can at home. That means tackling education and economic reform.
Go vote today, Arizona—Hillary's counting on you! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
Our education system is failing the most vulnerable—and that hurts all of us. 
Live in Arizona? Join thousands of your neighbors at the polls today! Confirm where to go here: 
Every family deserves access to clean, safe water—no matter where they live.  
Miss your chance to hang with Hillary last time? Enter to meet her (and George Clooney!): 

Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry. We will not let fear dictate our foreign policy.
Caucus today, Idaho and Utah! Retweet if you're with her. 
Arizona, go vote today! Retweet to let everyone know you’re with her. 
These terrorists seek to undermine the democratic values that are the foundation of our way of life. They will never succeed. -H
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed and wounded, and all the people of Belgium. -H
"Clinton has the better overall experience [and] grasp on the broad range of issues.” —@IdahoStatesman 
.@andersoncooper asked: Do you think it's sexist when you're told to smile or stop yelling?

"I want to get comprehensive immigration reform. And I want to start trying to get it as soon as I'm elected, if I'm so fortunate." —Hillary
"I want to stop the raids and the round-ups. I don't believe we should be breaking up families and deporting mothers and fathers." —Hillary
"Barack Obama is our president. He has a constitutional responsibility to fill [the Supreme Court] vacancy. He has exercised it." —Hillary
"I ask the Senate to do their duty. It's time for them to quit the partisan posturing and receive the [Supreme Court] nominee." —Hillary
Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
This primary is being decided state by state. Help Hillary win in three easy (seriously, easy) steps: 
Young people should be able to see teaching as a profession that’s both noble and sustainable. 
Lo que opina una señora de 100 años sobre la elección presidencial. 
We need to pay our teachers like the future of our country is in their hands—because it is.
RT @elizabethforma: .@RealDonaldTrump stands ready to tear apart an America that was built on values like decency, community, and concern f…
One million people have donated to help elect Hillary, and a majority of those donations were $100 or less. 
RT @jmurray20: The post-9/11 GI Bill is under attack, but @HillaryClinton won't stand for it. Once again, she's there for us.  …
Here’s what happened when a strong Bernie Sanders supporter asked Hillary a question at a town hall: 
“Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@gabbygiffords

"The question is, can we make it so that America works for everybody who's willing to work?" —@WarrenBuffett

Shirley was born before women had the right to vote. She's seen a lot—and now she wants to see a woman president. 
"Her first instinct is always to ask, 'What can I do to make it better?'" —@billclinton

Newspapers from Miami to Portland agree: Hillary is the best choice to be the Democratic nominee. 
It’s clearer than ever that this may be the most consequential election of our lifetimes. 
“She is one of the most experienced people to ever run for president.” —@azcentral 
This campaign is powered by more than 1 million people who’ve donated to elect Hillary. 
Congratulations Air Force General Lori Robinson—America's first female combatant commander. 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Why Zika matters. Zika can cause devastating birth defects &amp; heartbreak. @HillaryClinton knows US must prepare NOW: https:/…
Hillary Clinton ha luchado por la reforma migratoria por años—y no va a parar ahora. Ve el video:

We’ve got to step up as a country and deal with this. The time to take action against the Zika virus is right now. 
A super quick update on the Democratic primary race: 
I’m grateful for what we’ve built. We have a tough fight ahead with stakes that couldn’t be higher. Join in:  -H
I'm incredibly grateful that people are giving what they can afford—94% of donations are $100 or under. -H
I'm told the number just ticked over: As of a few minutes ago, 1,000,000 people have pitched in to be a part of this campaign. Thank you. -H
Empezar y manejar un negocio pequeño debería ser más fácil.
Donald Trump isn’t who we are. We’re better than this. 
Nearly a million people have chipped in to power this campaign. Here's why:  
Are you with Hillary? So are they ⬇️ Enter for a chance to meet Hillary, George, and Amal at the Clooneys' home. 
While the other candidates "seem downright terrified of the gun lobby, Hillary seems fearless." —@GabbyGiffords 
Hate isn't an American value. Division isn't something to be glorified. We can’t let Trump be our next president.

No es una coincidencia que sus palabras hayan resultado en tantos actos odiosos. 
"An extraordinary power is unleashed when women reach out to their neighbors and find common ground."

The balance of the Supreme Court hinges on this election. Here’s what’s at stake: 
It's 2016. Every student should have access to computer science classes.
Climate change, education, equal pay—a mathematician and a scientist from Florida share what they voted for: 
Trump is fanning the flames of chaos and violence. That's not leadership—it’s dangerous.  
Hillary es una líder que va a luchar para todos. Ella tiene la experiencia y la dedicación para liderar el país.
High 5. 
Congress shouldn't block states from giving families information about their food—glad the senate stopped this bill. 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Heartless and harmful for Congress to even consider denying Child Tax Credit to working poor immigrant families. https://t.…
RT @billclinton: What’s it like to campaign in FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH for @HillaryClinton? Good days with great people.  https://…
We’re not going to succeed by dividing this country between “us” and “them.” We’re in this together.

Los seis mejores momentos del discurso de Hillary Clinton. 
Statement on President Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court: 
We did it.

To every volunteer, supporter, and donor who worked your heart out: Thank you. Let's do this. 
Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri: We did it. And together, we're going to win this nomination. 
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to tell Hillary you're by her side all the way to the White House.
Love you back, Illinois. 
Our next president has to bring our country together.

Let everyone know that you’re prouder than ever to stand with Hillary. Chip in $10 to get a limited-edition button → 
If you knocked on doors, talked to your friends, pitched in, or voted—tonight is your victory. Thank you. -H 
"If we lift each other up instead of tearing each other down, there’s nothing we can’t accomplish together." —Hillary in FL
To be be great, we can’t be small.  We can’t lose what made America great in the first place.
Our next president has to bring our country together. We should be breaking down barriers, not building walls.
We’re going to stand up for American workers and make sure no one takes advantage of us—not China, Wall Street, or over-paid executives.
Hard-working Americans deserve a president with both the ideas and the know-how to create good jobs with rising incomes here in the 
"Making differences in people’s lives comes first because Americans everywhere are hungry for solutions." —Hillary in FL
Thank you, Ohio. 
There's never been a more important time to have Hillary's back. Add your name to help secure the nomination: 
The results are in: We won North Carolina! 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re ready to win this nomination together.
This is big. We just won Florida! 
RT @McHenryCountyIL: McHenry Co. polling sites will remain open until 8:30 pm to accommodate those who were unable to vote earlier due to t…
Honored by Lezley's support. She is turning her grief into resolve after suffering as no mother ever should. -H 
Waiting in line to vote? Stay put—Hillary’s counting on you! RT to tell a friend. 
FL, IL, MO, NC, &amp; OH: Hillary needs you now! If you haven't voted yet, grab a friend and head to the polls: 
Time for some delegate math. Here’s why it matters that Hillary won the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. 
Happy birthday to Supreme Court Justice, women’s rights advocate, and icon Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
Live in FL, IL, MO, NC, or OH? Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place then go vote!
RT @AJKoski16: St. Louis are you ready to vote for @HillaryClinton?!?   
"We can open the door to every person in this country again." —@billclinton

No one should work full-time and struggle to get by. Idahoans, like all Americans, deserve a living wage. -H 

Relieved Atlantic drilling is now off the table. Time to do the next right thing and protect the Arctic, too.  -H
Want to help win in FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH? Find your friends on Facebook and make sure they get to the polls today! 
You’re welcome at (the real) HQ any time, @BroadCity.

We’re live blogging mini-Super Tuesday on Facebook as FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH head to the polls. Follow along: 
Live in FL IL, MO, NC, or OH and have questions about voting today? Call the hotline: 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455)
FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH: Hillary's counting on you to vote today. Confirm your polling place: 
The right to vote is the heart of our democracy. We should restore it to those who have served their sentences. 
Today, our public schools are more segregated than they were in 1968. That’s unacceptable for our kids and for our country.
Moved by the families I met in Chicago who have lost children to gun violence. Their grief is a call to action. -H 
It’s not enough to make college more affordable. We need to help people with the student debt they already have. 
Companies that get tax breaks or government investments shouldn’t be walking out on American communities. 
Donald Trump is fanning the flames of violence. That isn’t leadership. It’s dangerous.  
"Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and  he's encouraging violence and chaos."

RT @IAmSteveHarvey: Spoke with @HillaryClinton on today's show about the  
Joining @IAmSteveHarvey today to talk about the Flint water crisis and how to make sure this never happens again.

Want to help Hillary win FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH? Tune in for a phone bank training on Facebook Live and get calling! 
Four generations of Ohio women. Four reasons to vote for Hillary.

¡Hillary necesita tu apoyo! Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great in the first place. 
We make it about as hard to combine family and work as we could. We can change that.

It's absolutely unacceptable that the gun industry can't be held accountable when they endanger Americans. 
"I am sick and tired of these murders and random acts of gun violence." —Hillary 
"Failing to do anything—which is what we're doing now—will only lead to more loss of life." —Hillary on gun violence prevention 
"Whoever goes up against Donald Trump better be ready. I am the best prepared candidate to do that." —Hillary 
Let's end the school-to-prison pipeline and build a cradle-to-college pipeline. We've got to stop building prisons and invest in education.
Systemic racism is at work in our criminal justice system. We've got to stand up and end these inequities. 
"Donald Trump is responsible for what happens at his events. He’s been not just inciting violence, but applauding it." —Hillary 
At our best, Americans have rejected demagogues and fear mongers. Donald Trump is not who we are.

Trump is running a cynical campaign—trafficking in hate and fear, and playing to our worst instincts. We're better than this. 
Donald Trump is not who we are. 
“My campaign isn’t about building walls. It’s about breaking down all the barriers holding people back.” —Hillary in OH
"If you want to shut [Donald Trump] down, then let’s vote him down. And let’s raise up a better future for our country." —Hillary in OH
"We can criticize and protest Mr. Trump all we  none of that matters if we don’t also show up at the polls." —Hillary in OH
"Donald Trump is not who we are." —Hillary in OH
You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great in the first place.
"After stoking every fire he can think of, Trump encourages his supporters to beat up anybody who disagrees with him." —Hillary in OH
“Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear for one reason: to get votes." —Hillary in OH
Watch live now: Hillary just took the stage at the @OHDems 2016 Legacy dinner → 
Nearly a million people have chipped in to power this campaign. Here's why:  
Los colegios comunitarios públicos deberían de ser gratis en todo el país.
The Castro Brothers: Whether you’re born here or you immigrate, America should be a land of opportunity.

You shouldn’t have to grow up in a wealthy family to have music and art classes available at your school.
Cheers, from Youngstown, Ohio. 
A note on the fight against HIV and AIDS—and the people who really started the conversation. 
The divisive rhetoric and encouragement of violence we're hearing from Donald Trump isn't just wrong—it's dangerous.

We need to stand together against the forces of division and discrimination that are trying to divide America between “us” and “them.”
You don't make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great. Our values, diversity, openness—these are strengths.
If you see bigotry, you should oppose it. If you see violence, you should condemn it. If you see a bully, you should stand up to him.
"If you play with matches, you can start a fire you can’t control. That's not leadership—it's political arson." —Hillary on Trump's rhetoric
The ugly, divisive rhetoric we're hearing from Donald Trump—the encouragement of violence and aggression—is not only wrong, it’s dangerous.
The average CEO at America’s biggest companies earns 200x more than the median worker. We've got to change that. 
It's time to give our teachers a raise. Young people should be able to see teaching as a profession that’s both noble and sustainable.
Violence has no place in our politics. We should use our words and deeds to bring Americans together. 
Hillary Clinton’s statement on her comments about the Reagans' record on HIV and AIDS: 
Confused about the Democratic primary process? Our delegate strategist breaks it down: 
Humbled to stand with these women, who have turned unimaginable grief into a call to action we all need to hear. -H

Climate change is too urgent a threat to wait on Congress. Proud of the US-Canada announcement to take steps to reduce methane emissions. -H
Debate one of these guys? Bring it on.  
Fomentar la violencia contra manifestantes y miembros de la prensa en tus eventos es una desgracia. 
.@realDonaldTrump: condoning violence against protesters and press at your rallies is the real disgrace. 
Republican candidates deny climate change because they’re “not scientists.”  
Ya es hora de movernos hacia el futuro—el embargo no ha funcionado por 50 años. Hillary apoya la normalización de relaciones con Cuba.
Tell us more about how sexism is wrong, @realDonaldTrump.  
 
.@shondarhimes @tonygoldwyn @kerrywashington @violadavis @ellenpompeo: Talk about a power lineup. Thank you for being on this team! -H
Over four decades, Hillary has taken on her share of tough fights. Here are a few of her biggest accomplishments: 
Here's what you need to know about the state of the Democratic primary race, in 6 seconds. 
A look at the backward views on LGBT rights, women, and health care held by all of the remaining GOP candidates: 
This kind of behavior is repugnant. We set the tone for our campaigns—we should encourage respect, not violence. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: After Tuesday, Hillary Clinton expanded her delegate lead to 221.

Here’s what that means.

RT @Ann_OLeary: No barrier should stop people with developmental disabilities from pursuing opportunity.  
Harriet Tubman devoted her life to freeing slaves and led the first-ever US military operation designed by a woman. 
.@FLGovScott, all eyes are on you. Buck the trend: Do the right thing and protect a woman's right to make her own health decisions. -H
If efforts to roll back women's rights seem relentless, you're right: States have enacted 282 abortion restrictions since 2010. -H
States like Ohio, Utah, and Florida that attack Planned Parenthood are attacking women's health, and they're part of a dangerous trend. -H
America grows when American workers’ paychecks grow.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Flashback to '93: Hillary fighting for universal coverage during Bernie Sanders' 3rd year in congress.  http…
We're all in this together. Chip in $1, let’s win this nomination and take on Trump: 
“Puerto Ricans are citizens of America. They deserve to be treated as citizens.” —Hillary 
Found it for you:    
It’s a lot easier to get from 90% coverage to 100% than to start over. We need to build on and protect the Affordable Care Act. 
If you want a comprehensive plan to help reduce the student debt you already have ⬇️  
La economía funciona si todos salen adelante—Hillary va a luchar para mejorar las oportunidades para todos. 
Said it before. Will say it again.  
When someone says you're beholden to banks—but @nytimes says your Wall St. plan is tougher.  
Will repeat this as often as needed: No bank should be too big to fail. No executive should be too big to jail. 
"The money that rescued the auto industry was in that bill. Senator Sanders voted against it.” —Hillary 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders, candidate versus Bernie Sanders, senator. 

 
Stop the raids. Stop the round ups. Stop the deporting.  
"Do you regret voting against [immigration reform] now in hindsight?"
@BernieSanders: "No."  
“It’s time we end family detention.” —Hillary  
RT @TheBriefing2016: About that immigration reform vote in   
Hillary Clinton solo tiene una palabra para Donald Trump: ¡Basta! 
RT if you agree.  
"You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great.” —Hillary on Donald Trump 
RT @UniPolitica: ¿Cómo seguir el ?

📺: Univision
💻:  
💬: @UniPolitica 
RT @UniPolitica: Watch the  live &gt;&gt;  
As Hillary takes the stage at the  tonight, let her know you’re with her: 
In America if you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead—no matter who you are or where you started out.
It’s a simple idea: If you work hard, you shouldn't have to struggle and stress to make ends meet. 
Shirley was only 5 years old when most women got the right to vote. Here's what's on her mind during this election: 
Hillary dropped by @reddit to say “thank you” to some of her nicest supporters. (Yep, you read that right.) 
La brecha salarial entre hombres y mujeres es inaceptable. 
Why Hillary has won nearly all the editorial board endorsements in the Democratic primary so far. 
Have student debt? Here are five ways Hillary wants to help. 
Penalizing people who paid their student loans on time is outrageous—and illegal. We've got to fight this.  -H
"I want to talk about what working families are up against." Hillary’s remarks tonight after winning in Mississippi.

"If we reach for love and kindness instead of bluster and bigotry, we can see the best in each other, not the worst." —Hillary
"It’s simple economics: America grows when your paycheck grows."  —Hillary
Everyone who works hard and does their part should be able to say, “I can make it in America.”
"If we lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, there’s nothing we can’t do together." —Hillary
“Every child should have a good school and a great teacher, no matter what ZIP code they’re from.” —Hillary
We need to build on what makes America great–our energy and optimism, our openness and creativity.
Watch live: Hillary speaks after winning in Mississippi → 
Marriage equality is the law. I stand with those filibustering in MO to make sure discrimination won't be. -H

Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team tonight.
Thank you, Mississippi! 
At the @UN conference in Beijing, Hillary issued a call to action heard around the world.  
RT @MattPaulIA: St. Louis is Clinton Country @billclinton   
RT @VP: Tragic attack in Jaffa today, taking the life of an American. There is no justification for such acts of terror.
Today, Michigan and Mississippi head to the polls. Here’s how we can bring home two more wins. 
Live in MI or MS? Call the hotline with any questions about voting today! 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455) 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders, candidate versus Bernie Sanders, Senator: 
No child should live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. We will keep families together. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@BernieSanders Congrats?  
“Women’s rights are human rights.” 

On repeat at @HFA HQ during :  
It’s Election Day for MI and MS! Confirm your polling place and go vote today:  
Advancing the status of women and girls makes economies grow and nations more secure. It's the right—and smart—thing to do.  -H
In March 1933, First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the first women-only press conference at the White House. 
A key difference between the two candidates at the  last night:  
"Her first instinct is  ask, 'What can I do to make it better?'" —@billclinton

For everyone who already has student debt, Hillary has a plan to help you, too:   
Every American should have access to higher education without having to go into debt.  
We have to reform the criminal justice system. We also have to expand access to education, health care, jobs, and fair housing. 
Roe v. Wade and the Constitution guarantee women the right to safe, legal abortion. Politicians have no right to restrict it. 
"It's not much of a right if it is totally limited and constrained." —Hillary on women's right to safe and legal abortion 
Last quarter we raised $18 million for Democrats across the country. Progress must happen at all levels of government. 
A vote in 2002 is not a strategy to defeat ISIS now. 
When it was time to fund the rescue of our auto industry, only one Democratic candidate voted yes. 
Workers are our economy's greatest strength—not costs to be cut. They shouldn't sacrifice while executives skate by. 
Myrlie, you're right. There's still work to do in the struggle for equality &amp; justice. Grateful for your support.  -H
Fifty years later, we have to recognize that this work isn't done. We have to make it easier for every citizen to vote—not harder. -H
Bloody Sunday, March 7, 1965, was a day of horror and pain. But it was also a day of resilience and grace.  -H
Necesitamos una presidenta que pueda defendernos de las propuestas de los republicanos.
Anyone who wants to be president of this country should have a real plan to raise incomes, create jobs, and improve our economy.
RT @HFA: What a week. 
Negligent gun manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger our families.

We've got to keep talking about Flint, and talking about real plans to make sure this never happens again. Our kids deserve nothing less.
Another way we can help the kids and families of Flint: donate what you can to   
To help Flint right now, we've set up a new program with Mayor Weaver to create jobs and expand water deliveries. 
More than 500,000 kids a year suffer lead poisoning in America. We can put an end to this injustice.  
We know there are more Flints. We need to tackle environmental racism and injustice nationwide.  
We face a complex, intersectional set of challenges. We need solutions and real plans for all of them.  
These shouldn’t be contentious ideas. We need to fight for them, together.  
RT if you agree.  
It's unconscionable that Flint residents' complaints were dismissed by their government for months. Gov. Snyder should be held accountable.
Flint isn't a partisan issue. We should all work to fix it—especially those who created the mess to begin with. 
Despite what we're hearing from some Republicans, demanding action on the Flint water crisis isn't "politicizing" it—it's getting results.
It's wrong that a community like Flint would see its health put at risk to save a buck—it's also not a coincidence. 
Imagine the outrage if this happened to wealthy white kids instead of poor black kids.  
It's not enough to talk only about economics. We have to tackle racial, economic, &amp; environmental justice—together. 
Gov. Snyder should resign or be recalled, but we also need to focus on how to help Flint now. 

Justice for Flint requires that we address racial, economic, and environmental injustice.  
When we talk about the Flint water crisis, we also have to talk about its root causes—economic, racial, and other. 
Flint's water crisis is an example of the combined effects of intersecting issues that impact communities of color. 
When we talk about the outrage happening in Flint, it's important to talk about who lives there.  
For  response, follow @TheBriefing2016.  
Tonight's  is in Flint, Michigan—a once-prosperous manufacturing town hit hard by a decline in jobs. 
With the spotlight on Flint for the , we're interrupting our regularly scheduled debate coverage to dig deeper into that crisis.
Let’s not forget that there are lots of Flints out there. Places where poor people and people of color have been left out and left behind.
Un momento especial durante una reunión con la Unión de Campesinos. Vea el video.

Nancy's strength of character was legendary, and her advocacy—especially for Alzheimer's research—was tireless. Praying for her family. -H
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"

We can’t accept 33,000 gun deaths per year as “normal.” Most Americans—including law-abiding gun owners—believe we can do better.
Maine, it’s Caucus Day! Live in the Pine Tree State? Confirm your caucus location here:  
No one should have to fear discrimination because of who they are or who they love.

Diversity is a strength, not a weakness. If we lift each other up, we can make this country even stronger.

Together, we can win the nomination and keep working to break every barrier holding Americans back. Chip in $1 now: 
This country belongs to all of us—not just to those at the top. Not just to people who look one way, worship one way, or even think one way.
"I am thrilled we’re adding to our pledged delegate count. I’m grateful to everyone who turned out to support us." —Hillary in Detroit
Thank you, Louisiana! 
Watch live: Hillary speaks at the @MichiganDems reception in Detroit → 
We're ahead by 199 pledged delegates. Here’s why that matters:  
A message to corporate America: If you cheat workers, customers, or taxpayers, we'll hold you accountable. 
"There is a co-worker I have who is  recently found out he was getting paid more than me. I was shocked.” 
Kansas, Louisiana and Nebraska: Call the hotline with any questions about voting today! 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455) 
We should be supporting LGBT kids—not trying to change them. It’s time to end conversion therapy for minors. 
Flint families have waited long enough for the help they need. No more excuses—the Senate should pass the bipartisan aid bill before it. -H
It's time to stand up to pharmaceutical companies hiking the price of drugs for profit. 
RT @HillaryforKS: Today is the Kansas caucus! Make sure you know where to caucus at 2:30pm →   …
It’s Election Day for KS, LA, and NE! Confirm your polling place here and vote today:  
Let's put the dream of starting and running a thriving small business within reach of every American.
RT @SenWarren: The @CFPB should move soon &amp; robustly on its new rules for payday lenders. No delays, and no carve-outs.
On this day in 1917, Jeannette Rankin took her seat in Congress, becoming our country’s first woman representative. 
Creating good-paying jobs has to be a top priority for the next president. We’ve got to build on the progress we’ve made under @POTUS.
"As we lay the foundation for a brighter future, we have to deal with the legacy of the past: barriers that hold back communities of color."
More money in the hands of wealthy people mostly just helps wealthy people—but more money in the hands of working people helps everyone.
Companies have to start treating workers like assets to be invested in, not costs to be cut.
"If you cheat your employees, exploit your customers, pollute our environment, or rip off taxpayers, we will hold you accountable." —Hillary
Corporations have to do right by their communities and our country. Too many aren’t holding up their end of the bargain.
"Michigan proves every day that American workers are the best in the world—all they need is a fair chance on a fair playing field." —Hillary
"As Detroit proves every day, what has been broken can be re-built, stronger than before." —Hillary in Michigan
"The biggest insult of all was to the American people. The economy was basically an afterthought." —Hillary on the  in Detroit
Watch live → Hillary speaks about creating jobs, strengthening the economy, and revitalizing cities in Detroit: 
RT @IanSams: Packed house in NOLA for @billclinton this morning. He's getting out the vote ahead of tomorrow's Louisiana primary. https://t…
We have to do more to raise wages &amp; support paid leave for hardworking families. I stand with @Raise_Up_WA in their work to do just that. -H
We need to make it a national mission to create millions of jobs in clean energy, manufacturing, and infrastructure.
On this day in 1933, Frances Perkins became the first woman cabinet member as Sec. of Labor.  
How many more of these do we have to sit through? Asking for a friend.  
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Deal with it.  
It's not "politicizing" to say that what's happening with the poisoned water in Flint is an emergency and a moral outrage. 
Mientras los candidatos republicanos se insultan entre ellos, Hillary lucha para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
The more time that passes, the scarier this gets. ⬇️  
True on foreign policy—and literally everything else.  
The  is offering a stark picture of one vision for America. Here's another: 
 
Instead of shouting about what's wrong with America, let's make it work for everyone.  
Ninguna persona que trabaje a tiempo completo debería criar a sus hijos en la pobreza.
No one should have to choose between their family or a pay check. Thank you @JimmyGomezCA for leading to expand .
RT @johnpodesta: Wonder if Fox will ask about this terrifying climate milestone in the debate tonight? 
RT @natimontelongo: Amazing mix of High School and College  - We're ready for March 15th here! …
We can't let the next president undo everything @POTUS has made possible. 
Kids come before corporations. Companies shouldn't get special loopholes that endanger families. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary Clinton: "We need more love and kindness." 

Republicans: "No, you're wearing make up!"

Happy ! We're celebrating Dr. Mae Jemison, the first African American woman to travel in space. 
We won't let families be torn apart. Proud to have @UFWupdates on this team—sí se puede.

We’ve got to build on the Affordable Care Act and make sure that every single American has access to quality, affordable health care.
We won eight contests last night. We have the momentum—but this primary is far from over. Chip in to keep going: 
We had a big night on Super Tuesday. Now, we have to keep fighting even harder. When we stand together, there's nothing we can't do.
We've got to keep going, keep working, keep breaking down those barriers and imagine what we can build together. 
America has never stopped being great. Our task is to make America whole.

A typical African-American family has 8 cents of wealth for every dollar a white family has. We need to fix that.  -H
RT @Ann_OLeary: An important step towards supporting the children of Flint. Early education can help alleviate the effects of lead. https:/…
We need to make it easier for parents to balance work and family. 
No parent should have to choose between getting a paycheck and caring for their sick child.

We need to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity, so every person can live up to his or her potential.
It might be unusual for a presidential candidate to say that we need more love and kindness in America—but we do.

RT @HFA: M-A-S-S-A-C-H-U-S-E-T-T-S!  
Back at you, Massachusetts.  
"We're going to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity and empowerment." More from tonight's remarks: 
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to tell Hillary you're by her side all the way to the White House.
America never stopped being great. Our mission is to make America whole.

RT if you’re ready to make history. 
Let’s go win this nomination. If you’re standing with Hillary tonight, chip in $1 right now. 
Thank you, Texas!  
If we resist the forces trying to drive us apart, we can come together to make this country work for everyone.
"It’s clear that the stakes in this election have never been higher. And the rhetoric we’re hearing on the other side has never been lower."
"We know we’ve got work to do.  It's not to make America great again—America never stopped being great. We have to make America whole."
This country belongs to all of us—not just to those at the top. Not just to people who look one way, worship one way, or even think one way.
"I congratulate Senator Sanders on his strong showing tonight, and I am so grateful to all of you who voted for me." —Hillary
To every member of this team: Thank you. When it's gotten tough, you've never wavered. Now, let's keep going. -H 
A win especially close to Hillary’s heart.  
Let the world know that you’re prouder than ever to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now →  
High five: We just won Alabama and Tennessee.  
This is one of the biggest days of the entire campaign. Chip in $1 right now, and let’s win this primary together. 
The first  results are in: We won Georgia and Virginia! 
Waiting in line to vote? Stay put—Hillary’s counting on you! RT to tell a friend. 
Just a few hours left, Super Tuesday voters! Confirm your polling place here and head over.  
There are 800+ delegates up for grabs on —here's the breakdown:  
"She has fought for social justice, equality and policies that expand civil rights." -@IAmSteveHarvey 
Text TUESDAY to 47246 to get exclusive updates via text from @HFA headquarters. 
“I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together. That we are united, not divided.”

RT @repjohnlewis: The Vote is precious, it is almost sacred. I gave a little blood to guarantee that every American has the right to vote. …
She'll fight for paid family leave and stand up to the NRA. Here are 100+ more reasons to vote for Hillary: 
Bookmark our live blog for the latest on : updates from the trail, voting info—and of course, results. 
RT @HFA: It's  and Team HFA is here to help! Ask us a question by replying or tagging @HFA. 
Is your state voting on ? Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
It's ! Hillary needs your help to ensure wins across the country. Will you make some calls? 
If you want a president who'll wake up every day thinking about how to make your life better, she's your candidate.

Is your state voting on ? Call the hotline with any questions: 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455). 
It’s  and thousands are heading to the polls. RT to let them know why you're with her! 
If you live in AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, or VT, confirm your polling place:  
Help Hillary secure another big win by making sure your friends in Super Tuesday states know what's at stake. 
Today on @LinkedIn: We need to solve America's student debt crisis. 
RT @ChelseaClinton: .@Gretchen_LA This is amazing! Thank you so much for sharing with me 
A father to Hillary: “I need you to win for my daughters.”

To those running our country's corporations: If you cheat employees, exploit consumers, or rip off taxpayers, we’re going to make you pay.
Hillary shared a few words to live by after winning the South Carolina primary. 
Time is running out to tell Hillary you're with her before Super Tuesday! Commit now:  
RT @NickMerrill: Had a few greeters waiting when we pulled up here in  we go inside for the event.  …
These mothers are reclaiming the narrative around their children’s deaths.  
RT @TanyD: Mile high numbers this weekend—thanks to all the volunteers who joined us! March 1: we're ready for you.  …
Why has Hillary received the endorsements of so many papers that backed @POTUS? She gets things done. 
Even presidential candidates get starstruck when meeting their heroes.

We need to make it a national mission to create millions of jobs in clean energy, manufacturing, and infrastructure.
Too much talent is being kept on the sidelines. In every industry, we can do and need to do better. 
America never stopped being great. When we're all in this together, there’s no barrier that can hold us back.

Saying hello to the overflow room in Atlanta.

RT @BernieSanders: America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.
RT @AJKoski16: Detroit is fired up for @HillaryClinton in Detroit!   
After becoming the first woman to win the SC primary, Hillary spoke to a packed house. Here's what she had to say: 
Thanks to CHIP, eight million kids like Connar are living the future they deserve.

It’s not enough to make college more affordable. We need to help people with the student debt they already have.

We need more love and kindness in America. Our best years can be ahead of us if we stand with each other.

“When we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break.” What Hillary said after winning in South Carolina: 
RT @JamilSmith: The "love and kindness" line @HillaryClinton used tonight isn't just a line. Read this @rubycramer profile. …
It may seem odd to hear someone running for president say we need more love and kindness in America—but we do.

If you’re proud to stand with Hillary all the way to the White House, chip in $1 to help her get there: 
"Our country was built by people who had each other’s backs. Who understood that, at our best, we all rise together." —Hillary in SC
"Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers. We need to show that we really are all in this together." —Hillary in SC
"We don’t need to make America great again. America never stopped being great. But we do need to make America whole again." —Hillary in SC
"Tomorrow, this campaign goes national." —Hillary in SC
"Today you sent a message: In America, when we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break." —Hillary in South Carolina
RT @HillaryforSC: .@claynmiddleton delivering the news: 
RT if you're standing with her all the way to the White House. 
Heading into Super Tuesday with a smile. Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team. 
We did it, South Carolina. 
If you’re with Hillary, chip in $1 right now, and let’s go win this nomination. 
To South Carolina, to the volunteers at the heart of our campaign, to the supporters who power it: thank you. -H 
RT @HillaryforSC: If you're in line by 7pm, you can vote. Do not leave! Go to  to find your polling place. https://t…
RT @stabenow: Amazing energy with  for Hillary! Be sure to vote March 8 
Lots of love in South Carolina. 
Just a few hours left to vote in the SC primary! Hillary is counting on you. Confirm your polling place and go vote: 
Couldn't ask for a better right-hand woman on the trail. Happy birthday, @chelseaclinton—I'm so proud of you. -H 
RT @mayaharris_: Birmingham, AL!   
Hillary spoke with students at @MorrisColl1908 about student debt and HBCUs:  
Today, thousands of South Carolinians will cast their votes for Hillary! Join them and say . 
RT @HillaryforSC: Need any help at all? 
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.

RT @NaomiTeneAustin: I  but  Check out my latest @BlavityLife GREAT tag 😉 @Aspiring_ESQ  …
RT @HillaryforSC: ✅🍤🍚

Off to the polls.  
Know someone in South Carolina who’s not sure who to vote for today? Share this. 
RT @XochitlHinojosa: The cold weather didn't stop these 1,000 people from coming out to see @HillaryClinton in Columbia on primary eve. htt…
Today’s the day! As South Carolina heads to the polls, let Hillary know you're with her.  
RT @jonfavs: How I became a @HillaryClinton supporter, and why we really need her to win 
.@BillClinton's closing argument for Hillary: "We need a changemaker, not a change talker."

It’s election day, South Carolina! Text COMMIT2SC to 47246 to find your polling location. Hillary’s counting on you. 
RT @HillaryforSC: Polls are open! Don't forget your wallet, and go to  to find your polling place. …
Sometimes running for president involves crashing a bachelor party. 
Hillary no le aumentará los impuestos a la clase media. Cuando la clase media es fuerte, el país es fuerte.
RT @HillaryforSC: "We can't quit. We can't give up. We have to get up every day to try to make a difference." - @HillaryClinton 
.@marcorubio standing up for banks instead of hardworking citizens is wrong. It's time to put Puerto Ricans first. 
It's outrageous that students are being asked to pay interest rates higher than you would pay to buy a house.

Obamacare saved this woman when she needed emergency surgery. Let's build on its progress, not start over.

Living without discrimination should be a right for all, not a privilege for some. Hear hear, @AbbyWambach. 
What’s at stake in this election is whether or not we’re going to help every kid reach their potential.

"She cares. She tries. She perseveres." @jonfavs on supporting Hillary in 2016: 
RT @HFA: What happens when @HillaryClinton shows up at your bachelor party? You take some photos.  …
Talking sexism in the workplace, racial justice,  with @Buzzfeed’s @AnotherRound. 
Let's not divide ourselves between “us” and “them.” America works better when we all do our part. We’re in this together.
It's been less than a week since a mass shooting tore apart a community, and now another. This has to end. Praying for Hesston, KS. -H
This is it: Your last chance to say you're with Hillary before the South Carolina primary! Commit today. 
No matter which Republican is nominated, we can’t afford to let him in the White House. Add your name if you agree. 
We live in a world with serious foreign policy challenges. We need serious leadership.  
We can't let Republicans rip away @POTUS’ progress. Text ImWithHer to 47246 if you agree.
What will strengthen our economy: raising middle-class incomes.

What won't: more tax cuts for millionaires. 


Affordable health care should be a human right in America, not a privilege. We will not let Republicans repeal the ACA. 
Planned Parenthood provides critical health care to millions of Americans. Republicans vow they'll defund it. Not on our watch. 
.@POTUS is doing his job to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. @marcorubio, @tedcruz, and GOP senators should do theirs. 
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. 

Como presidenta, Hillary protegerá, renovará, y expandirá DACA y DAPA, las órdenes ejecutivas. No cree en separar a las familias. 
We will not rip families apart. We will defend @POTUS's actions on immigration and go further to keep families together. 
We should build a path to citizenship, not a wall on the border. 
Let's break down barriers—not build new walls.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Like Trump's position on immigration? You'll love the rest of the Republican field.  
We are not going to deport 12 million people. Demonizing immigrants is beneath our values. 
The  candidates all hold backward views on LGBT rights, women, and health care.  
America never stopped being great. We just need to make it work for everyone.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: There's a bunch of candidates who will be on the  stage tonight. There just aren't a lot of differences.
htt…
"Plugged into the establishment matrix?"
 
"That sounds painful."

Mean Tweets with @alfranken:

@transforhillary honored to have your support. Together we'll take a stand for safety, respect, and full equality for trans Americans.
RT @mayaharris_: "I'm supporting Hillary because she was here when it wasn't election time." -@CoryBooker South Carolina  https:/…
RT @HFA: Hillary is fighting for the struggling, the striving, and the successful.  
"I had to turn my sorrow into a strategy—my mourning into a movement."

“We endorsed her because she endorsed us.” 
RT @_Punya_: Just a few of the dynamic and strong women leading the effort in Illinois for @hillaryclinton  …
Mean Tweets: campaign edition with Senator @AlFranken.

The South Carolina primary is almost here! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  and commit to vote. 
Follow @HFA to hear from the millions of volunteers, supporters, organizers, and donors who power this campaign. 
A high school student asked Hillary about mental health services for veterans. Her response speaks volumes. 
The Puerto Rican senate just confirmed Maite Oronoz Rodríguez, making her the first LGBT chief justice in the US. 
Join @AndraDayMusic, @eltonofficial, and @katyperry at @RadioCity for Hillary—get your tickets while they last! 
We’re working to break down barriers for every American by organizing state to state. Follow @HFA for updates from the official campaign!
Joining @IAmSteveHarvey today to continue the conversation he's been having on guns in America. Don’t miss it!

RT @IAmSteveHarvey: .@HillaryClinton sets the record straight!

Proud to have Senator Reid on this team.  
"[Hillary] tried to help the person that's less fortunate.”  
It isn’t right that we have kids trying to learn in crumbling classrooms. We need to invest in neglected communities.
RT @_Punya_: The energy &amp; enthusiasm in this room is unreal—ready to bring IL home for @HillaryClinton!  
Recognizing privilege and dismantling systemic racism is on all of us. 

"I'm most concerned about the kids who are left out and left behind." 
We will never let Republicans privatize Social Security. We will protect it and expand it. 
People who are working hard should get the respect, dignity, and income they deserve. Middle-class families need a raise. 
We need to make college affordable. We also need to lift the enormous burden of student debt that millions carry right now. 
Systemic racism is found in our criminal justice system, housing, education—but it's also cultural. We have to combat it all. 
There is one candidate, in either party, who's prepared to keep us safe as commander in chief. She's on stage at the  right now.
A chilling explainer from @voxdotcom on the state of gun violence in America. 
RT @finneyk: The reason we're here, she stood with us, we have to stand with her. @HillaryClinton 
RT @mayaharris_: "We need real justice &amp; accountability across America." -@HillaryClinton South Carolina   https…
“If there’s another child out there that can be saved, I will do this for the rest of my life.” -Gwen Carr 
If this team wins the White House, Virginia is invited to come by and dance any time.  
RT @IanSams: Civil rights icon and Clinton supporter John Lewis stumps for Hillary in Birmingham  via @aldotcom …
RT @TheBriefing2016: This loophole helped the Charleston shooter get his gun. Here's @CoreyCiorciari on why we need to close it.
https://t.…
Just a reminder.  
Racial inequality isn’t just a symptom of economic inequality. 
It’s time to close this dangerous loophole in our gun laws. 
Wall Street can never be allowed to wreck Main Street again. No bank can be too big to fail and no executive can be too powerful to jail.
El país necesita un líder que mantenga a nuestras familias seguras.
We shouldn't force families to choose between breaking apart or living in fear. 
Hillary and Dr. Glenda Glover of @TSUedu: HBCUs are fundamental to the basic bargain of America. 
In Ohio and across the country, Republicans are once again attacking women's health. We won't stand for this. 
“She is the 'what can I do?' candidate.” @BillClinton on Hillary’s commitment to helping communities left behind.

Gun manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger Americans. Add your name if you agree: 
.@clairecmc If ever cancer picked the wrong person to mess with, it's you. Stay strong and take care of yourself. I'm in your corner. -H
How one law gives gun makers immunity from accountability and could derail justice for Sandy Hook families. 
Hillary’s doing a Facebook Q&amp;A with @theGrio this afternoon! Join the conversation and leave your questions here: 
It's 2016. A woman's place  she wants it to be. 
We need to protect and build on @POTUS' progress. 
What’s at stake in this election is whether or not we’re going to help every kid reach their potential.

RT @TheBriefing2016: Sandy Hook families are in court against gun makers today. But only one candidate for president has had their back. ht…
RT @theGrio: Grio fam, @HillaryClinton is answering your questions live this afternoon on our FB page:  …
If we face the reality of systemic racism, we can begin to reform our broken criminal justice &amp; immigration systems. 
Torture doesn't work. It's wrong. These dangerous words from Republicans have no place in our country.  -H
Behind the scenes *right* after our win in Nevada.

RT @JamilSmith: Here's the part of @HillaryClinton’s HBCU platform that addresses both public and private.  https://…
RT @rebeccachalif: Hillary for Ohio opens Columbus office today! Quick celebration and then our awesome vols hit the phones …
Together, this is the kind of world we can build for the next generations.

RT @HillaryforCO: "I hope you'll go caucus for Hillary on March 1—the finest change-maker I've ever met." –@billclinton …
@AntonioFrench @HillaryClinton @MO4Hillary Love this!
“Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. This one’s for you.”  
What did Hillary do right after winning Nevada? Headed to Texas to defend voting rights.  
Our hearts are in Kalamazoo today. We must end this epidemic. Communities across the country are paying the cost for inaction. -H
Flint wasn't just treated with indifference, it was treated with neglect, and that isn't acceptable. 
Our schools should lead students towards opportunity, not prison. 
Have student debt? Here's a real plan to help you right now, explained by @MichelleWKwan and @Vivek_Vis.

RT @BET: We're minutes away from @jeffsnation sits down with @HillaryClinton for BLACK VOTES MATTER: A @BET NEWS SPECIAL …
In 2015, @Simone_Biles leapt into record books as the world's most decorated woman gymnast.  
RT @HillaryforCO: This is what a crowd of 750 people ready to caucus for Hillary on March 1 looks like.  
RT @mintimm: Is Houston fired up for @HillaryClinton? ! 
This is a campaign to break down every barrier that holds us back. If we work together, anything is possible.

Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. 
“I’ve never believed in dividing America between ‘us’ and ‘them.’ We are all in this together. We all have to do our part.” —Hillary
No one can get this done alone—not even the President of the United States. It’s got to be the mission of our entire nation.
The truth is, we aren’t a single-issue country. We need more than a plan for the big banks. The middle class needs a raise.
Americans are right to be angry. But we’re also hungry for real solutions.
This is your campaign. It is a campaign to break down every barrier that holds you back.
“To all my supporters out there—some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. This one’s for you.” —Hillary in NV
Nevada: ✅. Watch Hillary's victory speech live from Las Vegas: 
Send a message to Hillary and tell her you’ve got her back all the way to the White House. 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team today. 
Together, we can win the nomination and keep working to break every barrier holding Americans back. Chip in now: 
The feeling is mutual, Nevada. 
To everyone who turned out in every corner of Nevada with determination and heart: This is your win. Thank you. -H
No podemos permitir que un republicano gane las elecciones.
Nevada: If you’re in line and have a question or need help at your caucus location, call 1-702-550-8008. 
Nevada: If you're in line, stay there—and talk to your neighbors about Hillary! 
Stay in line, Nevada! You can still caucus if you’re in line. 
RT @tamarakeithNPR: Caesar's Palace housekeeping workers for @HillaryClinton. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Why did @BernieSanders vote against immigration reform in 2007?

Depends which version of Bernie you're asking. https:…
This is what we're fighting for in Nevada. 
Nevada: Doors don’t close until noon. Find your caucus location here:  
Let’s do this, Nevada.  
In a few hours, Nevadans will head out to caucus. RT if you're standing with Hillary. 
Hillary está luchando por Karla y millones de familias que no deben vivir con miedo. 
Caucus day is here, Nevada! Text NVCOMMIT to 47246 to find your caucus location, and get there by 11  Hillary's counting on you.
Will Ferrell has a message for you, Nevada: Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM. Your location: 

Hillary quiere arreglar nuestro sistema migratorio. Luchará para mantener a las familias unidas.
The Nevada caucus is TODAY! Now is the time to stand with Hillary. Join the team:  
RT @MichelleWKwan: Got student debt? @HillaryClinton's got a plan to help you. Let me explain.  
Ningún niño debe de tener miedo de estar separada de sus padres. Necesitamos mantener a las familias unidas.

Proud to stand w/ @KrisGoldsmith85: Our vets suffering from PTS deserve action and a fair hearing.   -H
RT @CoreyCiorciari: Devastating @jbouie. Time to end the school-to-prison pipeline. @HillaryClinton's new plan:  htt…
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.

Kids being sent into the criminal justice system instead of school is a civil rights issue, and it needs to end.

Too many kids are being criminalized instead of educated. Here's how we will end the school-to-prison pipeline: 
.@POTUS' achievements speak for themselves. The idea that supporting him is a ploy to win black votes is baffling. 
So proud to have Congressman Jim Clyburn on this team. 
“We feel very blessed with opportunity—like we’ve reached our American dream. That started with an immigrant story.”

Last summer, Sandra Bland lost her life in police custody. Now, her mother is channeling her grief into action. 
RT @HillaryforSC: Honored to have Assistant Leader @Clyburn's endorsement and support. 
RT @amandalitman: Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
The emails we send
are love letters to you!
💌  💌
…
Millions of families like Karla’s live in fear of deportation. We need a president who will fight to protect them. 
We will have legislation to enact comprehensive immigration reform before Congress within my first 100 days in office.
You voted for it.    
"You are more likely to get a mortgage application if you're white than if you're black or Latino. That has to end." 
We will call on Congress to repeal the 3/10 year bars on immigrants reentering the US. These provisions tear families apart and should end.
"I am a progressive who likes to make progress. I don't make promises I can't keep." —Hillary 
“I’m going to do everything I can so you don’t have to be scared. Let me do the worrying, is that a deal?”

It's 2016. Women deserve equal pay. Thanks for leading this effort in Oklahoma, @RepEmilyVirgin &amp; @jdunnington. -H 

We cannot back down from breaking the barriers that keep us from living up to our full potential. 
RT @HillaryforCO: "We need a president who knows how to make government work." – @ChelseaClinton 

Agree? ➡️  https:…
This week, Hillary spoke about breaking down barriers for African Americans. Here's how she did it in New York: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@BernieSanders  
Unfathomable that Flint residents were forced to pay almost $1,000/year for poisoned water.  -H
RT @PadenSarah: . @JoyceBeatty is excited to early vote for @HillaryClinton    
"She has been truly loyal to President Obama and is the best person to protect &amp; build on his legacy." —Bill Murphy 
Text MADE to 47246 to be the first to know when new items are added to the  collection.
Excited to launch , featuring tees by Marc Jacobs, Tory Burch, and more of your favorite designers! 
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents. We need to support DREAMers and keep families together.

We need to face up to the reality of systemic racism and then work to dismantle it. 
✔️ Lifesaving cancer screenings 
✔️ Birth control
✔️ Sex education

Pretty wonderful.  
We honor Sandra Bland's memory by acting to reform policing practices. Proud to have her mom Geneva on this team. 
Many of the major newspapers that backed @POTUS in 2008 are supporting Hillary now. Here's why: 
President Trump? Cruz? Rubio? Carson?    
Thankful for @Pontifex's visit to the border and call for immigration reform. We need to keep families together, not break them apart.
Voting rights, marriage equality, campaign finance—all are at stake in the nomination of our next SCOTUS justice. 
Hillary quiere reformar nuestro sistema migratorio para mantener fuerte la unión familiar.
The inequities that persist in our justice system undermine our shared vision of what America can and should be. 
"I want to know that the candidate I'm voting for acknowledges our struggles." —@FeministaJones 
To raise incomes, we need to support unions and a living wage. I stand with working Minnesotans today.  -H
RT @TheBriefing2016: Talk is cheap. Action's important. Let's take a look at @BernieSanders' record on immigration. 
Behind the vote totals and the delegate counts are the voters themselves. Their stories:  
"She was making points about privilege that minorities always make, but it packed such a different punch." -@rembert 
RT @XavierBecerra: If  is campaigning on immigration reform &amp; supporting Latinos, fine. But he should explain his spotty record &amp; h…
RT @XavierBecerra: .@BernieSanders voted against Sen. Ted Kennedy's comprehensive immigration reform bill in 2007. Really? Yes. Really. htt…
Anyone asking for your vote has to grapple with the reality of inequality in America—and offer real plans to fix it. 
No American should work 40 hours/week and still struggle to make ends meet—not in Alabama and not anywhere else.  -H
These are not only issues of economic inequality—they are also issues of racial inequality.

Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is a tiny fraction of what it is for white families. 
RT @IntersectionTNR: Episode 15: @HillaryClinton is getting intersectional.  @HillaryClinton 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Thanks to @HillaryClinton, 90% of kids were covered before ACA &amp; now at 94% in push towards universal health care. https://…
Los líderes deben estar listos para cualquier cosa. Hillary tiene la experiencia y es la candidata más preparada.
We need real plans to combat systemic racism and remove the barriers holding African Americans back. Hillary's plan: 
"When we come together—all of us—with a sense of shared purpose and shared humanity, we can solve any problem and heal any divide." —Hillary
"We need to recognize our privilege and practice humility, rather than assume that our experiences are everyone’s experiences." —Hillary
"White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen &amp; unseen barriers that you face every day."
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from all of us—especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
"Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work dismantling the school-to-prison  need a cradle-to-college pipeline." —Hillary
"We need to fix the crisis of mass  end the epidemic of African Americans being killed by police or dying in custody."
"We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system—not half-measures, but a full commitment with real follow-through." —Hillary
"I’ll be the first to ’ve made my own mistakes; I've walked my own journey. But I believe with all my heart that we can do better."
Anyone asking for your vote has a responsibility to grapple with reality—to see things as they actually are, not just as we want them to be.
"These are not only problems of economic inequality. They are problems of racial inequality. We’ve got to say that loudly and clearly."
"These inequities are wrong, but they’re also immoral.  We have to begin by facing up to the reality of systemic racism." —Hillary
"Something’s wrong when black kids get arrested for petty crimes but white CEOs get away with fleecing our entire country." —Hillary
"We face a complex set of economic, social, and political challenges. They’re intersectional, reinforcing, &amp; we’ve got to take them all on."
It’s not a coincidence that the Flint water crisis was allowed to happen in a largely black, largely poor community.
"I want to talk about how we break down barriers that disproportionately affect African Americans, &amp; build ladders of opportunity." —Hillary
Watch live—Hillary speaks about how we can combat systemic racism and break down barriers for black families: 
We need a president who will tackle all the issues we face, from systemic racism to LGBT discrimination.

Hillary, @katyperry, @eltonofficial, @andradaymusic—all in one place? Get your tickets for the  concert! 
We can't just talk about combating inequality. We need real plans to lift up communities that are being held back. 
We will invest $125 billion to help communities facing economic and racial barriers. Here’s what the plan would do: 
Young black Americans face unemployment at almost 2x the average rate. We need to fix that.  
We need Wall Street and campaign finance reform, but that's not enough. We need to break down barriers that hold back communities of color.
Everyone has his or her own journey to the ballot box. Here are stories behind the votes.  
.@POTUS is doing his job by nominating a new Supreme Court justice. Tell Senate Republicans to do theirs: 
It's @POTUS' job to nominate Supreme Court justices, and the Senate has a responsibility to vote. 
11 So, a message for Senate Republicans: Fill this vacancy. @POTUS will do his job. Do yours. -H
10 As for complaints that this is an election year: 1988 was an election year, too—and Justice Kennedy was confirmed 97-0. -H
9 There are 339 days until the next president takes office. The Senate has never taken more than 125 days to vote on a SCOTUS nominee. -H
8 I have news for Republicans who would put politics over the Constitution: Refusing to do your duty isn’t righteous, it's disgraceful. -H
7 With these critical cases in the balance, Republicans wasted no time in vowing to block any SCOTUS nomination from @POTUS. A new low. -H
6 These decisions could determine whether we as a nation uphold our principles of liberty and equality, or turn back the clock. -H
5 And right now, a case from Texas could determine whether the right to abortion will be a reality for all or some. -H
4 Right now, the fundamental principle of "one person, one vote” is at stake in a case before the Supreme Court. -H
3 Right now, millions of families are waiting for SCOTUS to decide on @POTUS' executive actions on immigration. -H
2 The need to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is not an occasion for politics as usual. This has real and urgent stakes for Americans now. -H
1 Until Jan. 20, 2017, it's @POTUS' job to nominate Supreme Court justices—it's right there in the Constitution. -H 
Can we get back to politics, please? (Great job, @HamiltonMusical.) 
Striking a pose with students from the Expertise Cosmetology Institute in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Thank you to Hillary for Ohio staff &amp; volunteers for all your hard work!  
Couldn't agree more, @IAmSteveHarvey: It's time to act on gun violence. Thank you for telling these stories today. 

If we claim we are for families, then we have to fix our immigration system. We can’t wait any longer for a path to full, equal citizenship.
Today, Planned Parenthood re-opens in Colorado Springs—a testament to hope in the face of hostility and violence.  -H
We need action now in Flint. Please give if you are able: 

A day on the campaign trail with @MsVivicaFox and @ImAngelaBassett. 
"It’s hard to describe in words what parents and kids are going through in Flint." —@AmandaRenteria 
The ability to exercise your reproductive rights should be a reality for all, not just those who can afford it. 
RT @Benjernst: .@HillaryClinton is fighting for the heart and soul of this country and I'm knocking doors to help her  https:/…
Black families are denied mortgages nearly 3x as often as white families. We need to tear down barriers of systemic racism that still exist.
The children of Flint deserve bright futures—and today, those children need our help. Please chip in if you're able: 
Obamacare has brought millions of Americans health care they need. They can't wait for promises that can't be kept.

In 1963, Vivian Malone Jones defied Gov. Wallace's segregation orders and became @UofAlabama's first black graduate. 
National political director @AmandaRenteria went with Hillary to Flint, Michigan. Here's what she saw. 
Obama is president until Jan. 20, 2017. It's his job to nominate a justice, the Senate has a responsibility to vote. 
Happy Valentine’s Day! 
Our country can't live up to its potential unless we give every American a chance to live up to theirs. 
Takeaway from : We can't let one of these guys rip away the progress we've made. Sign on if you agree: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Pretty great night to be a Democrat.   
If anyone needed a reminder of how important it is to elect a Democratic president, look at the Supreme Court.

Demonizing immigrants, dangerous foreign policy proposals, and nonstop bickering—no need to live-tweet . We've seen enough.
Necesitamos una presidenta que pueda defendernos de las propuestas de los republicanos. 
"All of us Democrats have a responsibility to make sure a Republican doesn’t win and rip away all the progress we've made." —Hillary in CO
"Elections have consequences. The president has a responsibility to nominate a new justice and the Senate has a responsibility to vote."
"Barack Obama is President of the United States until January 20, 2017—that is a fact, whether the Republicans like it or not." —Hillary
"It's outrageous that  already pledged to block any [Supreme Court] replacement that President Obama nominates." —Hillary
"If anyone needed a reminder of how important it is to take back the Senate &amp; hold onto the White House—look at the Supreme Court." —Hillary
RT @HillaryforCO: The Hillary supporters at the  have got their glowsticks—and they are LOUD!  
Statement on the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia: 
RT @HillaryforCO: Gorgeous day outside to welcome Hillary to Colorado for the ! ☀️  
There are six Republicans left in the race for the White House—and we can’t afford to let any of them near it. 
RT @HillaryforCO: "After my father died at Columbine, Hillary held my hand &amp; said: we'll do something. And she is. I stand with her." https…
RT @shawnjvandiver: Hey , Veterans and Military Families are here to support @HillaryClinton!  
"Only Clinton can win in November and is prepared for the nation's highest office.” —The @TB_Times 
RT @SEIU: .@HillaryClinton tells the crowd that "working families built America!"   
RT @jmurray20: Marine @RubenGallego w/ an amazing group of Veterans &amp; Military Families 4 Hillary   https://…
RT @TheBriefing2016: This isn't a single issue country. We can't have a single issue president.

✅ @dallasnews
✅ @TB_Times
✅ @mySA
Why a few of the largest newspapers in Florida and Texas just endorsed Hillary: 
HBCUs provide more than a quality education—they increase opportunity. Supporting them is critical. 
This is a fight for everyone who's ever been knocked down—but refused to be knocked out. 
A socialist feminist on why she'll vote for Hillary: 
RT @Marv_Vien: Living for @HillaryClinton's snapchat.     🔥🔥🔥🔥 
RT @DeAraBalenger: Thanking Shirley for paving the way  
We don't live in a single-issue country. We need to tackle all the barriers holding Americans back. 
RT @katyperry: HILL. YES. We’re with her! Join me, @eltonofficial &amp; @andradaymusic at a concert for HRC❗️  https://t…
HBCUs produce some of our finest leaders. Hillary's plan dedicates $25 billion to support institutions like these. 
RT @IanSams: Dallas Morning News endorses @HillaryClinton in the March 1 Texas primary.   
RT @AndraDayMusic: Performing w/ @eltonofficial &amp; @katyperry at @HillaryClinton's  concert! 

Info:  https…
Excited to announce the  concert at Radio City with @katyperry, @eltonofficial, &amp; @AndraDayMusic! Join us: 
.@POTUS doesn't get the credit he deserves. Some can criticize his leadership; we'll build on his progress. 
We need to do more to support small businesses—particularly minority- and women-owned businesses—so they can get financing and grow.
If we solved our problems with Wall Street tomorrow, we'd still have discrimination holding too many Americans back.

A Bernie Sanders supporter asked Hillary a question—here’s what he thought of her response: 
In case you missed it last night ☝️
RT @mayaharris_:   
RT @billclinton: @HillaryClinton showed tonight that she’s the best candidate to take on all of the challenges we face &amp; make good things h…
"I am not a single-issue candidate and I do not believe we live in a single-issue country." 

Next January, our next president will be sworn in. Add your name if you think it should be Hillary:  
If you think Hillary is the best person to be president, chip in $1:   
RT if you agree.  
President Obama doesn't get the credit he deserves. His accomplishments shouldn't be up for debate at a .
RT @TheBriefing2016: On foreign policy, the difference couldn't be clearer. 

Like, seriously. 

 
Yeah, @BernieSanders—she's got a *bit* of experience.  
A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat ISIS in 2016. 
There are two candidates on stage at the . Only one is ready to be commander in chief.
We need to knock down the barriers of racism, sexism, and discrimination holding Americans back. 

It's not enough to only crack down on big banks. We need to go further and tackle other dangerous risks.  
"I’m very proud that we have more than 750,000 donors, the vast majority giving small contributions." Join them → 
"We are not going to deport 11 or 12 million people in this country."  
When we talk about criminal justice reform, we also have to talk about jobs, education, and housing.  
We need a leader on women's health—not just somebody who votes right, but somebody who leads the effort.  
"I think we still have some barriers to knock down—that's why this has been at the core of my campaign."  
"You know, before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare."  
Cheering her ⬇️ on at tonight’s ? RT this to let her know. 
5 times Hillary Clinton nailed it on the  stage—and what to expect from her tonight. 
We should insist that ending gun violence is a priority in this election. 
@AditiRao83 Thank you, Aditi—for all of your hard work in Iowa, and for this.
When this woman had to have emergency surgery, Obamacare saved her life.

Absolutely right: We should provide counsel for children seeking asylum. Thanks, @SenatorReid.  -H
From fixing the criminal justice system to creating jobs, "Clinton's ambitions match our own." -@GKButterfield 
"More than anyone else in America today, she is prepared to be  one." —@repjohnlewis

"The most qualified candidate, and someone who is, by all reality-based measures, progressive.” 
Let's dispel with this fiction that @POTUS doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing. 
RT @twephanie: More  will:
1. Reduce the gender wage gap
2. Provide high-paying jobs 
3. Increase innovation
This one’s a no-br…
Asking Tamir's family to pay for his ambulance is heartless. Cleveland should drop this fee.  -H
In 2014, Public Advocate @TishJames became the first woman of color to hold citywide office in New York City. 
HBCUs graduate the majority of African American teachers in our country. We should support and reward HBCUs and the vital role they play.
RT @ImAngelaBassett: 15)Finally, I BELIEVE: Others say they wanna, others say they're willing. But only @HillaryClinton can DO. Dropping my…
We're going to fight for real solutions that make a real difference in people's lives. 
The next president could transform SCOTUS for decades. Whether we fight climate change or sit by is at stake.  -H
It’s not whether you get knocked down that matters, it’s whether you get back up.

Glowing with pride in Columbia, South Carolina. 
RT @UzoAduba: Hillary's FIRST SPEECH was on ending mass incarceration. She's learned the lessons that the 90's taught us &amp; she hears …
RT @HillaryforSC: President @billclinton on the choice in 2016: "Who's the best changemaker?"

Text FIGHTER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're standing with her today.
RT @sean_p_thomas: .@HillaryClinton has a college plan that would dedicate $25 billion to HBCUs. That’s just one reason . https:/…
Fighting to improve the lives of kids and families—and never giving up.

RT @ImAngelaBassett: Hey everybody, you good?After time on the road w/@HillaryforSC, I can CONFIDENTLY say:  because she’s with u…
RT @MsVivicaFox: GM! She’s fabulous,smarter, and she is so ready 2 lead this country. @HillaryClinton is my choice for president. …
You’re the reason we’re going to win this nomination and then win this election together. 
This is only the beginning. We fought hard for every vote—now we take this campaign to the entire country. 
If you’re standing with Hillary tonight, let her know. 
Tell the world you’re proud to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now → 
If you're with Hillary, now is the time to stand up and say so. If you can, pitch in to show her you’re with her: 
To everyone who supports this campaign: Thank you. You’re the reason we’re here. 

Add your name if you're with Hillary and ready to fight twice as hard. 
“You’re the reason we’re here. You’re the reason we’re going to win this nomination and then win this election.” —Hillary in NH
“I know that doesn’t fit with the narrative—there are those who want to deny the passion and purpose you show every day for this campaign.”
“More than 700,000 people have contributed to this campaign, the vast majority giving less than $100.” —Hillary in NH
"It’s not whether you get knocked down that matters, it’s whether you get back up." —Hillary in NH
"When people anywhere in America are held back by injustice, that demands action." —Hillary in NH
"A president has to make sure nothing holds you back—not debt, not discrimination, not a deck that’s always stacked for those at the top."
"People are angry. And they have every right to be. But I know they’re also hungry. They’re hungry for solutions." —Hillary
"We’re going to fight for every vote in every state. We’re going to fight for real solutions that make a real difference in people’s lives."
To @BernieSanders, congratulations. To New Hampshire, thank you. And to our volunteers: I’m so grateful for what you built. Now, onward. -H
RT @HillaryforNH: RT if you voted for @HillaryClinton in the  primary today!  
RT @ImAngelaBassett: 1. I believe @HillaryClinton is the ONLY ONE who will protect the progress @BarackObama has made. 
Not much time left to vote in the NH primary! Hillary needs you: Confirm your polling place here, then head over. 
The New Hampshire cold won’t stop us! Say you’re with her:  
“She’s the single best changemaker I’ve ever met." Watch @billclinton’s closing argument for Hillary. 
Say “Hillary”! 
.@ppact's @CecileRichards: There’s one candidate who stands above the rest on women’s health.

RT @ImAngelaBassett: I just signed my commit card to vote for Hillary, so we can protect and build on the progress we've made. Join me? htt…
Granite Staters: Show off your voting pride with an  selfie, &amp; tag it with ! (📷: @laughtercrystal) 
Taking a break from knocking on doors to hear what's keeping one family up at night—and see how she can help.

Checking in to say hi to Hillary on primary day in New Hampshire. 
Hillary and @BernieSanders share a lot of big progressive goals—but they differ in how they plan to achieve them. 
RT @PPNHAF: It may be cold outside, but Hillary warms our hearts here in Concord    @HillaryforNH …
RT @billclinton: Great talking to voters and volunteers in New Hampshire today.  Don't forget to vote!  Today is the day! …
Scenes from the homestretch in the Granite State.  
Hey New Hampshire! If you have questions on how, when, or where to vote today, we’ve got answers here: 
It's New Hampshire Primary Day! If you're with Hillary, let her know why by tweeting . 
RT @JeanneShaheen: Cast my vote for @HillaryClinton in Madbury! Find your polling location:   …
RT @ChelseaClinton: Time to fuel up with some hot coffee. Bringing some your way soon, Derry @HillaryforNH supporters! …
Granite Staters, today's your day. RT this to remind everyone voting today why we need Hillary in the White House. 
They're counting on you, New Hampshire. Go vote!

RT @HillaryforNH: Questions about voting TODAY? Need a ride to the polls? CALL US!  
Primary Day is here, New Hampshire! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling location. Hillary’s counting on you. 
Good morning, New Hampshire! See you at the polls. 
The New Hampshire primary is today! If you're with Hillary, let her know now: 
RT @HillaryforNH: New Hampshire, now is the time! Confirm your polling location and hours:  
"She's never stopped fighting for children." 4 people explain why they canvass for Hillary:  
RT @finallybrenduhh: Proud to endorse @HillaryClinton with the support of @RepGutierrez and my fellow DREAMers @BlancaSprkls @RLopezNV http…
“When I vote, it is about my family. And when I vote in this election, it’s absolutely about my daughter.”

"I will get up every day and do everything I can to make a real difference for you, your families, and our country." —Hillary in NH
"It's not enough for a president to stop bad things from  think it's important to try to start good things." —Hillary in NH
Tomorrow, New Hampshire voters head to the polls! Watch Hillary's last rally before the  primary live: 
RT @McClainJulie: 8 pm on Monday. During a snow emergency. But you'd NEVER know it at @HillaryClinton GOTV event in Hudson  http…
Want to know a secret? The best way to get someone to vote is to ask. NH votes tomorrow—help ! 
RT @HillaryforNH: Look at all the @HillaryClinton supporters who trekked out in the snow to cheer her on. DEDICATION.  https://t.…
America's opportunity gap is not just about economic inequality. It is also about racial inequality, and we need to tackle both together.
Yesterday, Hillary went to Flint to hear directly from a community whose concerns have too often been ignored. 
"I am here because for nearly two years, Flint's water was poisoned."

Tomorrow's the NH primary, and Hillary needs you. Find your NH friends on Facebook and let them know why ! 
This campaign is about building the kind of future we want the next generations to come into.

.@billclinton is taking over Hillary’s Instagram today from NH! First stop, breakfast:  
RT @billclinton: I’m taking over Hillary’s Instagram from New Hampshire today!  Follow along: 
RT @Ann_OLeary: "More than any other US president, Sec. Hillary Rodham Clinton will be a president for children," says NH lawyers https://t…
RT @andrewmarkoff: Leaah wants to President when she grows up. That's why she's here to support @HillaryClinton  …
Pancakes, coffee, and laughs in Manchester, New Hampshire. 
Sending warmest wishes to everyone celebrating the Lunar New Year! May you have peace and prosperity in the year ahead. -H
This is it: Your last chance to say you're with Hillary before the New Hampshire primary! Commit today: 
Time to ! Call 3 Hillary supporters in NH and remind them to vote on Tuesday. You don't even need a 📱! 
“You deserve justice, and you deserve equality under the law.”

What’s it like to watch football with @billclinton? Hillary explains.

RT @carinsavel: @HillaryClinton doesn't say who do u want me 2 blame. She says what do u want me 2 do?    …
"The children of Flint are just as precious as the children of any other part of America." —Hillary in Flint today 
“Do not grow weary doing good. Do not get discouraged. Do not give up.” —Hillary in Flint

"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral."

RT @mayaharris_: "What happened in Flint is immoral" - @HillaryClinton meeting with Mayor Weaver and  residents.  https://t…
"Clean water is not optional. It is not a luxury." —Hillary in Flint, MI. Watch live: 
RT @finneyk: Thank you Flint for such a wonderful welcome - the church is packed out to the hallway. 
Civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer dedicated her life to securing voting rights &amp; ending racial injustice.  
RT @mayatcontreras:  You gotta ❤️ the positivity and passion @HillaryClinton  supporters have. Beautiful.  …
Cuando los precios de los medicamentos aumentan astronómicamente vidas penden de un hilo—la historia de una familia: 
Here's an easy way to help Hillary win in New Hampshire—it only takes 5 minutes! 
Thousands of people are saying  before the New Hampshire primary! Don't miss your chance: 
3 days until NH heads to the polls! Here’s one thing you can do right now to help Hillary—no matter where you live. 
Only reaction to ? Bring it on. 
.@RealDonaldTrump: “I’m the last person she wants to run against."  
When Republican candidates describe deporting millions of immigrants &amp; repealing the ACA as "leadership."  
Confirmed.  
Here we go.  
RT @HillaryforNH: RT if you agree:  is so much better than the ! 
Knocking on doors and talking to voters in snowy Manchester, New Hampshire. 
Things got exciting when Chelsea got her first hit at softball. Hillary tells the story:

RT @HillaryforNH: Reason # 45 to answer your door during primary week: @HillaryClinton might be the one knocking!  …
Well done, @NYGovCuomo. LGBT kids don't need to be "cured" of anything.  
Three days to New Hampshire.  
Some of the toughest, hardest working leaders in America joined Hillary on the campaign trail in New Hampshire. 
RT @HillaryforSC: .@ChelseaClinton: My mother is the only one consistently talking about the right to choose. This is an issue about equity…
Watch live on @facebook: Hillary talks to students at @NewEngCollege about the issues on their mind. 
We’re fighting for the millions of people who can’t wait.

RT @TheBriefing2016: In the GOP primary, there's a whole lot of choices. 

There's just not a lot of differences.

"I'm fighting for the millions of people who can’t wait." Hillary at  
RT @lizmwester: .@CoryBooker firing up the over flow crowd at @HillaryforNH Concord GOTV    
RT @HillaryforNH: "When she was Secretary of State, she repaired America's reputation around the world." –Sec. @madeleine 
This young man’s story about depression is exactly why we can’t repeal or replace the Affordable Care Act. 
A moment backstage in Manchester, NH: "I'm taking care of my mom, she has Alzheimer's."

Time to ! Send an extra nudge to a NH voter to make sure they vote by texting NOTE to 47246📱 
RT @rosenbergerlm: This amazing group of high school students drove all the way from CT to NH to see @HillaryClinton! …
The New Hampshire primary is almost here! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  and commit to vote: 
You should never have to choose between your family &amp; your paycheck. Proud of all we accomplished with —next, paid leave for all. -H
RT @JeanneShaheen: .@HillaryClinton: "You want a President who will roll up her sleeves and make a difference." ← That's right! 
"I’m proud of the experience and judgment I would bring to this job. A president has to be able to do ALL parts of the job." —Hillary
"I’m a progressive who likes to get things done. And I’ve learned that you have to be both a dreamer and a doer." —Hillary in NH
RT @kgrohh: .@HillaryClinton just gave our @HillaryforNH Clinton Team Leader @avajjackson a shoutout in front of 1000s of fired up NH Democ…
"Sen. Sanders &amp; I share big, progressive goals for our country—but I believe I’ve laid out stronger plans for how to achieve them." —Hillary
RT @HillaryforNH: "I'm with her." –Everyone at 

  
"We also need to break barriers of racism, sexism, discrimination against LGBT Americans, immigrants, &amp; people with disabilities." —Hillary
"I want to break down all the barriers holding Americans  [our] problems can’t be reduced to Wall Street and Washington." —Hillary
Hillary on the Flint water crisis: "Would it have happened if they were rich and white instead of poor and black?" 
RT @HillaryforNH: "New Hampshire's never quit on me &amp; I won't quit on YOU!" -@HillaryClinton at 100 Club

RT if you agree: We're here for Y…
RT @HillaryforNH: This is how you welcome the next President of the United States to the stage at !  …
"I’m so proud of the campaign we’ve built here. Thousands of volunteers are pouring your dreams and determination into this." —Hillary in NH
Watch live: Hillary speaks at the  dinner in Manchester, 4 days before the NH primary →  
Dedication. 
.@BernieSanders I won't cut Social Security. As always, I'll defend it, &amp; I'll expand it. Enough false innuendos.  -H
4 days until the NH primary! Join Team —we'll send you one thing to do each day to help Hillary win ➡ 
RT @HillaryforNH:  is on full display ahead of the 100 Club Dinner in Manchester! 💪 
4 days to the New Hampshire primary—what’s a little snow?

Commit to vote for Hillary:  
Families need a president who will deliver results. We can’t wait for promises that can’t be kept. 

RT @etchaStech:     # 
“This. Is. An. Emergency.” Hillary on the Flint water crisis at last night's :

“If the kids in a rich suburb of Detroit had been drinking contaminated water, there would have been action.”

My heart is with @SybrinaFulton on Trayvon's birthday. Today I'm carrying the memories of his life she shared with me. -H
RT @JeanneShaheen: A little snow ❄️won't stop us! With my friends @SenGillibrand @AmyKlobuchar &amp; @Stabenow on the trail today for @HillaryC…
In 1968, Shirley Chisholm became the first African American woman elected to Congress.  
RT @NewtownAction: Today, @NewtownAction endorses @HillaryClinton for the President of the United States.  https://t…
RT @laughtercrystal: Snow or shine, ! For 4 more days, we're the most powerful voters in the world—let's do this!  http…
"Regardless of how hard the days  grateful." 
In her closing statement, Hillary called out some of the things she wished they’d brought up in the : 
RT @Brown_SFH: Our 21 AMAZING volunteers made 947 calls tonight!!!     
Let the world know that you’re proud to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now →  
Share this if you agree.  
El hecho de que el agua en Flint, Michigan, esté contaminada es indignante. 
There is no place in America for second-class citizenship.  
There are more Flints out there—overwhelmingly low-income communities of color. This is unconscionable. 
"This. Is. An. Emergency." —Hillary  calling for action on the Flint water crisis 
 while we're at   
No questions on this at , but a reminder: women deserve a champion in the White House. 
Hillary ha luchado para que nuestro país progrese y eso es lo que continuaría haciendo como presidenta. 
There is only one person who is ready to be commander in chief on stage at the .
The president doesn't get to choose what issues come to her desk. Navigating foreign policy challenges is part of the job. 
The president is also the commander in chief. Only one candidate has the experience, judgment, and plans to keep us safe. 
Talking about a vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat the threat of terrorism we face today. 
✔️ Wall Street
✔️ Price-gouging pharmaceutical companies
✔️ The gun lobby
We will go after industries when they hurt families. 
If you're a progressive who wants to get things done, text ImWithHer to 47246.
Hillary está luchando por los que necesitan resultados. Ella no está haciendo promesas que no puede cumplir.  
We already have Dodd-Frank. We need to go further to tackle dangerous risks in the big banks—and outside the big banks. 
We cannot let Wall Street wreck our economy ever again. 
"I'm fighting for people who cannot wait for [change]. And I'm not making promises that I cannot keep." 

We need to crack down on Wall Street risk. Hillary's plan will actually do it.   
RT @TheBriefing2016:    
"I'm a progressive who gets things done. Cherry-picking a quote here or there doesn't change my record." —Hillary 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hope it's fun in that club of one, there @BernieSanders.

 
If we're going to get into labels, it wasn't very progressive to vote against the Brady Bill five times, and immigration reform. 
This shouldn't be a debate about labels—it should be about making progress. Share this if you agree.  
Health care should be a human right. We should build on the Affordable Care Act—not start over.  
"A progressive is someone who makes progress. That's what I intend to do." —Hillary 
"I'm fighting for people who cannot wait for those changes, and I'm not making promises that I cannot keep." —Hillary at 
RT if you're cheering on Hillary tonight.  
This is what a good day for progressives looks like.

On the campaign trail in New Hampshire with @GabbyGiffords and @ShuttleCDRKelly. 
Amen. 

This is what was waiting for Hillary when she arrived in NH after winning the Iowa caucus.  
A woman winning the Iowa Caucus isn’t just symbolic—it's "a huge deal for American women." —@emilyslist's @Schriock1 
RT @GabbyGiffords: A fist bump w/@HillaryClinton before going onstage last night in Manchester to tell Granite Staters why ! http…
RT @HillaryforNH: The week is off to a great start! Check out the best photos so far of  →  …
A new dad wrote to Hillary about his hopes for his family:  
As president, I would put an end to drug companies holding families hostage for profit.  -H
Shkreli &amp; Schiller's testimony today is another reminder: Price gouging is reprehensible and we need to stop it.  -H
When drug companies like Valeant hike prices for profit, lives hang in the balance. One family’s story: 
“As president, she won’t just say she’s going to do something. She will follow through and actually do it.” 
There's no excuse for racism and violence on a college campus.  -H
“Practice the discipline of gratitude.” Hillary on faith, humility, and living a life of service. 

La cárcel no es un substituto para la rehabilitación—Hillary quiere hacer más para tratar a los que sufren de adicción.
We can dream big and fight for progressive values—AND make a real difference in Americans' lives. That is what we will do. 
We have more to do for equality. We're going to fight for LGBT rights, women's rights, voting rights, workers' rights—and more. 
The ACA has brought health coverage to millions of Americans. We are going to build on that progress, not start over. 
It is absolutely unconscionable to lose 33,000 Americans a year to gun violence. We are going to take on the gun lobby. 
"We have a chance to build on the progress we've made and to get results for 's my goal." —Hillary 
"I am somebody who actually wants to produce real results in people's lives. I am a progressive who gets results." —Hillary 
We need to fix our criminal justice system and address substance use disorders. Prison is not a substitute for treatment. 
Yes, we need to crack down on Wall Street—but that's not enough. We need to go after corporations that hurt families. 
"No bank is too big to fail. No executive is too big to jail." —Hillary 
Hillary on facing years of politically motivated attacks: "I’m still standing and I will be standing." 
 Q: "How are you going to defend yourself against right-wing attacks?"
Hillary: "I've had a lot of practice."
The commander in chief must do everything she can to keep America safe—but military action should always be the last resort. 
RT @PPact: “We’ve got to make sure to protect Roe v Wade, not let it be nibbled away or repealed.” -@HillaryClinton   …
We have to protect the gains we've made on LGBT rights and women's rights—and do more to expand them. That's what's at stake. 
We need a Supreme Court that will protect our rights—not corporations' right to buy elections. That's what's at stake. 
"They don't have to be for me. I will be for them." —Hillary on voters who might not support her. 
"We've focused on issues. We share a lot of the same progressive goals; we have different ways of going about them." —Hillary 
We can’t afford to start over when it comes to the Affordable Care Act and mental health services.

RT @SEIU: .@SEIU helped @HillaryClinton win in Iowa and are on fire in NH &amp; NV. Find out why they are out in force  …
RT @mvlacich: @HillaryClinton takes the stage in Manchester.  A great day in Derry, Dover and Manchester.  One more stop to go! …
"Yo apoyo a Hillary porque ella apoya a la comunidad inmigrante." —@Astrid_NV, DREAMer 
4) Hillary's not running to make a point—she's running to make a difference. She'll keep doing that. Please feel free to keep tweeting.
3) An important part of being a progressive is making progress. From health care to fighting inequality, Hillary's record speaks for itself.
2) Now, if you do want to make it about who's a "real progressive," @BernieSanders, what were you on these days? 
1) This shouldn't be a debate about who gets to define "progressive"—it should be about who will get real results for American families.
RT @vvaldiv: "I am with her because she is the best choice for immigrant families" -- DREAMers in NV endorse @HillaryClinton 
.@BernieSanders says Hillary’s been a progressive “some days.” Hillary responds:

.@astrid_NV your courage and activism make a real difference. Honored to fight beside you—you're part of this team, not a press hit.
“Appealing but ultimately empty promises [are] a luxury our loved ones cannot afford.” —@Astrid_NV 
"Some days" we're pretty proud of. 
The middle class needs a raise, not a tax increase. Families should be able to save, build, and get ahead.
A 40-year record of progressive results—boiled down to "some days." 
RT if you are, too. 
With her historic win at the Iowa caucuses, Hillary just accomplished what no woman ever has before. 
RT @HillaryforNH: LIVE on : .@HillaryClinton is in Hampton. Watch us live! 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Backstage in NH w/ @ShuttleCDRKelly &amp; excited to stand w/@HillaryClinton &amp; tell Granite Staters why . https://…
While the other candidates "seem downright terrified of the gun lobby, Hillary seems fearless." —@GabbyGiffords 
RT @megrooney2016: These little girls are EXTREMELY excited to see Hillary. We've infiltrated the press riser so they can see. …
RT @HillaryforNH: Now that's a sign!  
"I know Hillary will fight for the issues most important to me and to so many women and families." —@SenGillibrand 
Hillary just became the first woman ever to win the . 
Ruline, this means the world to me.  -H 
Thank you, Iowa. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: There's a lot of choices in the GOP field. 

There's just not a lot of differences. 

We can't afford a Republican in …
RT @TheBriefing2016: As POTUS, The guy who won  repeal the ACA, defund @PPFA, and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy. (2/5) ht…
“I will keep standing up for you. I will keep fighting for you." Hillary’s remarks the night she won the  
RT @nytimes: Clinton set to receive 23 of Iowa’s delegates and Sanders will earn 21, based on results reported by the AP …
: ✅ 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you'll be by her side for the next part of this campaign. 
No matter who you are, what you look like, what faith you practice, or who you love: She’s fighting for you.

Watch live: Hillary speaks in Nashua, NH after a historic win in Iowa. 7 days to the  primary! 
RT @RossSvenson: T-7 days until the  primary! The Upper Valley @HillaryforNH team is fired up post IA for  …
RT @r_kale: Strong early morning viz for @HillaryforNH in  this morning! 1 week till !  
RT @danielrki: After a win in Iowa,  is ready to welcome @HillaryClinton back to the Granite State this morning!  …
Sums it up.  
History: made.  
Are you with Hillary? Let her know: 
Muchas gracias a todos los que trabajaron tanto en Iowa. Mañana continuaremos luchando.
So grateful to everyone who gives your all to support this campaign. You made this possible. 
Hillary agradece desde el fondo de su corazón el esfuerzo de todos en Iowa.
From the bottom of my heart: Thank you, Iowa. -H 
RT if you're on her side all the way to the White House.  
"I will keep doing what I’ve done my entire life. I will keep standing up for you. I will keep fighting for you." —Hillary
"I will not let [Republicans'] divisiveness—their efforts to rip away the progress we’ve made—be successful." —Hillary
“I know we can protect our rights: women’s rights, gay rights, voting rights, immigrants' rights, workers' rights.” —Hillary
"I know that we can make college affordable and get student debt off the backs of young people." —Hillary
"I know that we can finish the job of universal health care coverage for every single man, woman, and child." —Hillary
"To the families and friends of this state—I am deeply grateful." —Hillary in Iowa
RT @HillaryforIA: If you're still caucusing, stay strong—and stay until the end! We're so close to making history.  …
This is it: The  has begun! If you're standing with Hillary, let her know why by tweeting . 
RT @HillaryforIA: RETWEET so everyone knows—if you're in line by 7pm, you can still caucus! 

 
Tonight, Iowans will officially start the process of choosing our next president—and may even make history while they're at it.
RT @HillaryforIA: If you have questions about the  (or need your caucus location), call (515) 344-4550!  …
It’s time to go caucus, Iowa! 🎉

Find your caucus location and get there by 6:30 pm! →  
RT @HillaryforIA: Are you ready to be at your caucus location by 6:30pm? 

(Double check where to go → ) …
Team @hillaryforIA has been organizing with heart and winning every single day. 
Know an Iowan who’s not sure who they’re caucusing for tonight? Retweet this: 
The problems that are holding American families back are serious, they are urgent, and they call for real solutions.
Text TONIGHT to 47246 to be one of the first to hear from the campaign after the  results!
Hey, Iowa: The caucuses begin in three hours! Caucusing for Hillary is as easy as 1, 2, 3—watch this:

America can’t wait. Families need their next president to roll up her sleeves and make a difference in their lives right now.
A few moments with @billclinton behind the scenes in Iowa.

RT @chelseakcarrier: Today's the big day, and we've got her back.  @HillaryforIA @HillaryClinton 
RT @HillaryforIA: Retweet so everyone knows—TODAY is Caucus Day! Look up your caucus location here:  
 https…
"You're entitled to give these remarks the love discount—but everything I've told you, I believe with all my heart."

Coffee break on Caucus Day in Des Moines, Iowa.  
Caucus Day is here, Iowa! Text CAUCUS to 47246 to find your caucus location and make a plan to get there by 6:30  She's counting on you.
RT @LydSalt: The sun doesn't always shine on , but today the sun shines for our final    …
At 102 years old, Iowan Ruline Steininger has pretty much seen it all—except for this. 
Hillary is "one of the finest Secretary of States we've had." —@POTUS

RT @lenadunham: She's smart. She's qualified. And yeah, we love her pantsuits. Go to  to tell us  https://…
This is it—the  is today! If you’re standing with Hillary, RT to say . 
RT @emily0allen: Caucus day is here! Join Hillary on the road to victory--find your caucus location here:  https://t…
This , we honor those who sacrificed for equality &amp; fought for justice, and we recognize those who carry on the legacy. -H
.@billclinton shares three stories to explain why Hillary’s the “single best changemaker” he’s ever known. 
The Force is strong with this one.  
Today is the ! RT to say , and make sure your friends and family know where to caucus at 6:30 pm: 
It's  day! If you're standing with Hillary, let her know why by tweeting with . 
Today’s the day! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  now: 
.@billclinton took over Hillary’s Snapchat to take you behind the scenes in Iowa.  
From the first roundtable in April to the final rally before the caucuses. Let's make history, Iowa. 
The Iowa Caucus is less than 24 hours away. If you have her back, make sure she knows: 
Don’t miss Hillary and @billclinton live from the last rally before the Iowa Caucus—watch here: 
RT @gwenrocco: Just a few close friends here in Des Moines tonight  
RT @Burgwinkle: Let's do this Iowa!  
RT @HillaryforIA: The  starts in 24 hours!  
To congregations across SC remembering victims of gun violence close to home and around the country today: We're with you. -H 
To: Iowa
From: Hillary

This is it: Less than 24 hours to go until the Iowa Caucus. Can you help Hillary by talking to a few Iowans? 
"What I believe a president has to do is to really listen to what's on the minds of our people."

For this Iowa couple, caucusing is a family affair. 
RT @mhalle: Proud to say @HillaryforIA has 1681 Precinct Captains ( that's all of them) and over 2300 precinct team members   …
RT @Lee_in_Iowa: On Iowa Caucus eve, some reminders: Millions of Union workers support Hillary Clinton: 
Thousands of people "have better lives, and learned  because of her." —@billclinton

RT @Michelle_Kleppe: Iowans ready to bring it home for @HillaryClinton. 1591 volunteers out on the doors in the first shift alone today! …
Follow Hillary on Instagram to see the family selfie! 
Pausing backstage in Cedar Rapids, Iowa to capture the moment.

Fighting to improve the lives of kids and families since day one of her career. 
RT @DianaBonete: 1,100 at Washington High. Hundreds will return on Monday night to  for @HillaryClinton!   https…
“Speaking is hard for me. But, come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@gabbygiffords

RT @WPalisoul:  of  knocking on doors in Rochester   @HillaryforNH @AshaCastleberry …
Let's say with one voice: The days of millionaires paying a lower tax rate than teachers, nurses, or firefighters are over.
True in Beijing in 1995, true today: Women's rights are human rights. This center should remain—I stand with Guo.  -H
"Here’s what I know about Hillary: She’s the single best changemaker I’ve ever met in my life." —@billclinton 
“Mrs. Clinton has done her homework on pretty much any subject you’d care to name.” 
RT @ChelseaClinton: About to hit the stage for our last event of the day! 
RT @GabbyGiffords: .@ShuttleCDRKelly &amp; I are standing w/ @HillaryClinton. Join us:   …
"She wasn't elected to anything—she just made something good happen." @billclinton on Hillary's work for kids in AR:

What’s happening in Flint is unconscionable—and there are too many other Flints out there.  -H
“I will get up every single day and keep fighting for the kind of America we all want and deserve for our kids.” 
"What I heard in those early days has stuck with me." Hillary on the first 10 months of the campaign: 
RT @SEIU: .@MaryKayHenry getting SEIU Iowa members fired up before hitting the doors for @HillaryClinton  
“One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history.” —@nytimes 
RT @raymondbraun: NEW VID: Back on the campaign trail with @HillaryClinton as she preps for the Iowa caucuses!  http…
RT @realKateWaters: .@HillaryClinton checked all of Lily's boxes in Ames today.  
Making friends in Hanover, NH. 
.@ChelseaClinton is taking over our Instagram account from Iowa today! Follow along:  
Wow. Thank you, Nashua!   
Time is running out to tell Hillary you're standing with her before the Iowa caucus! Commit now: 
RT @nytopinion: The Times editorial board endorses Hillary Clinton for the Democratic primaries:  …
.@BillClinton's closing argument for Hillary: "She's the best changemaker I’ve ever met." Watch the new video ⬇️

RT @Reggie_Abraham: Our college students are ready to exceed all goals today!! @HillaryforSC  
We need to say loudly and clearly: We will not let Wall Street wreck Main Street again.
RT @jamieleecurtis: Experience, strength, leadership!  I want the person with the MOST experience!That's why  @HillaryClinton htt…
¡No te lo pierdas! 
"Health care is a basic right. We are 90 percent covered—we gotta get to 100 percent." 
RT @Burgwinkle: A view from the balcony! 1500+ and counting here in Davenport for @HillaryClinton   …
Heart to heart in Newton, IA. 
“I have seen many incredible  look forward to seeing a woman president."  
RT @TJmyked: Let's get this done NH.    @HillaryClinton @VeteransforHill @TrumanProject https://t.…
This campaign, in 100 amazing photos.  
RT @HillaryforNH: Ted Danson believes @HillaryClinton's knowledge allows her to make the world a better place: 
RT @rsemmel: .@hillaryclinton is fighting for us!     
Three days to . Say :  
Don't miss your chance to stand with Hillary before the ! Say  with your custom commit card: 
Trump wasn’t at the latest —but his ideas certainly were. 
RT @tberry456: People back in Michigan keep asking me why I'm in  response to help @HillaryforIA make history  …
Hillary is handing over her Snapchat account to @billclinton today! Don’t miss it:  
Thrilled @POTUS is making sure women—especially women of color—aren't shortchanged at work.   -H
"I've spent my life fighting for children, families, and our country—and I'm not stopping now.”

"Women across this country need more than rhetoric; they need action." —@Lilly_Ledbetter 
RT @adinofacollege: She's fighting for us here in Keokuk &amp; across Iowa. Incredible turnout and excitement here in Lee County  htt…
Congrats, Cedrick—what an achievement for you, your family, and your teacher!  -H
RT @TheBriefing2016: Doesn't matter if Trump bailed on his  podium tonight—we can't let him get behind this one. …
We can’t let Republicans take us back to policies that failed us in the past. Add your name if you agree:  
: Lots of bickering, no real plans to strengthen families or keep us safe. 
With every Republican attacking safe and legal abortion, women need more than an ally in the White House: We need a fighter. 
Reproductive rights are human rights. Women—not any of the politicians on stage—should make decisions about their own health. 
Look real hard—you still won't find anyone supporting equal pay, paid leave, or reproductive rights at . 
Here you go, @JebBush: 


RT @TheBriefing2016: When they're all fighting over who's closest to your immigration   
Mientras los Republicanos no ofrecen ninguna solución, Hillary apoya una reforma migratoria con un camino hacia la ciudadanía. 
Trump isn’t the only candidate missing from the  stage tonight. So is anyone who would protect DACA and DAPA.
 makes it clear. There's only one thing standing between Republicans &amp; repeal of the Affordable Care Act: a Democratic president.
There it is: the first candidate at  bragging about defunding Planned Parenthood. We can't let them near the Oval Office.
Una buena pregunta para los Republicanos, ¿no va en contra de nuestros valores discriminar a personas sólo por su religión? 
Muslim Americans: This is your country, too. Islamophobic rhetoric isn't a tool against terrorism—and it has no place in America. 
Meet 7 Republican candidates who are totally unprepared to be commander in chief:  
Want to hear presidential candidates discuss how they'd combat the global threat of climate change? You’re out of luck at the .
Said it before, will say it again: Bluster and chest-beating aren't a strategy to defeat terrorism. 
Aunque Donald Trump no está participando en el , sus ideas están presentes.
Donald Trump isn't on stage at the —but you can bet the same backwards ideas and out-of-touch rhetoric will be out in force.
RT @TheBriefing2016: ¿Puedes diferenciar las ideas de Trump de las ideas de los otros candidatos republicanos? Envía GOP al 47246 para toma…
The  has one thing right: If you want to protect and build on the progress President Obama has made, Hillary's your woman.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump may not be at , but you probably can't tell the rest of their ideas from his anyway. Text QUIZ to 4724…
RT @MarySteenburgen: I hope everyone is as lucky as I am to have a friend like @HillaryClinton. This is why : …
Four days! (Iowans, confirm where to caucus: ) 
.@POTUS worked hard to secure health care coverage for millions of Americans—our next president has to protect that progress.
There’s a great story behind this unusual campaign stop. 🎳 
We will go after pharmaceutical companies that gouge patients with pricing. They are wrong, and we will stop them.

RT @HillaryforSC: 30 days to Primary Day in South Carolina. 

Commit to vote for @HillaryClinton right here:  https:…
Predatory drug pricing is unjustified.
It is wrong.
And it needs to stop. 
RT @JulianM: I'm with @HillaryClinton! Let her know you've got her back and commit to vote today:  
“It’s clear she knows how to get things accomplished in these crazy political times." —@IAStartingLine 
To everyone raising their voice to support this campaign: It means more than you know. Thank you. -H 

More proof that women need a president who will stop attacks on women's health in their tracks. 
"The Academy has to catch up with our reality." —Hillary on the Oscars’ diversity problem: 
RT @HillaryforNH: RT if you believe that she 👇 will win!  
RT @markkellytyler: @HillaryClinton Honored to host you @MotherBethel last night. U inspired &amp; encouraged us &amp; left a lasting impression on…
Join thousands of people saying  before the Iowa caucus: 
Grateful to have a moment of reflection and community with faith leaders from across the country in Philadelphia today. Thank you all. -H
The NRA has called the shots long enough. @SenBlumenthal and @RepAdamSchiff on why we need to repeal gun immunity: 
Leaving no door un-knocked in Iowa. Say you're with Hillary:  (📷: @sarahhwang95) 
Reproductive rights are human rights. Denying them isn’t just a violation—it puts lives at risk. We can’t go back. 
Today &amp; every day, we have an obligation to confront hate, advance human rights, &amp; help those fleeing persecution.  -H
No matter who you are, what you look like, or where you come from—you deserve a president who will fight for you. 
RT @hazelhexel: My daughter's reaction to learning there are no women who have ever been @POTUS before.   https://…
5 days to . Here are a few ways your five bucks help Hillary win in Iowa: 
Gun makers should be held accountable for endangering Americans. I voted against immunity—it's time to repeal it. -H 
Inequality stalks our education system. 
5 days to Iowa! 
RT @HillaryforNH: RT if you'll stand with @HillaryClinton on Feb. 9. 

Commit to vote here →  
The Iowa caucus is coming up fast! Say  and commit to vote or caucus in your state: 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Kudos @POTUS for innovation to auto-enroll kids in school meals. @HillaryClinton will build on it when she is in WH. https:…
We need to raise incomes to lift families out of poverty. 
A president should do everything she can not just to protect reproductive rights, but to advance them.
What's happening in Flint should break all our hearts—and spur us to action. If you are able, give to  -H
We've come too far to let Republicans take us back. Commit to vote or caucus for Hillary.  
RT @HillaryforNH: We need an economy that works for everyone–not just those at the top. 
Whether you're 9 or 99, you can help elect Hillary. Step one:  
At the , a young voter asked Hillary about her record of fighting income inequality.

Step 1: Commit to vote or caucus for Hillary → 
Step 2: Tell the world with your own card 🎉 
No one should have to work around the clock just to get by.

This is it: The caucuses and primaries are almost here. If you're with Hillary, say so:  
El virus Zika destaca la importancia de la educación, investigación y financiación de la salud pública. 
The Zika virus underscores the importance of public health education, funding and research. What you should know:  -H
Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  with your custom commit card:  💌 
Gender equality and economic equality go hand in hand. You can't fight for one without understanding the other.
RT @FemMajority: We're proud to endorse @HillaryClinton today! Women &amp; girls deserve a feminist woman in the White House → …
RT @just_jenna: "I'm Hillary Clinton, and I've always approved this message."  
RT @TheBriefing2016: "When I'm actually in office, [Republicans] say really nice things about me." —Hillary 
…
Cada persona en este país merece ser tratada con respeto. 
"Every person in this country deserves to be treated with respect.” —Hillary 
We don't make America greater by insulting, demeaning, and demonizing our communities. We're better than that. 
The president has to strengthen the economy, fight for families, and keep the country safe. That's the job. 
"Military action should be the last resort—not the first choice." —Hillary 
"I have a 40-year record of going after inequality.” —Hillary 
Hillary tiene décadas de experiencia y está preparada para continuar el progreso alcanzado por el Presidente Obama. 
"The other side is not talking issues—they're talking insults." —Hillary 
"We've got to do everything we possibly can not to let the Republicans rip away our progress and take us backwards." —Hillary 
When it comes to protecting and building on President Obama’s progress, there’s only one candidate who will get it done. 
Una tristeza. Las familias que necesitan agua limpia no deberían tener miedo de pedir ayuda. 
We are a nation of second chances, especially for young people. Good news from SCOTUS today.  -H
Heartbreaking. Families who need clean, safe drinking water shouldn't have to be afraid to ask for help.  -H
People all over America are sending texts to Iowa (and you can too!).  
See the best moments from @corybooker’s trip to Iowa!  
"We can raise incomes if we start paying women the equal pay we deserve for our work." 
RT @gwenrocco: Capacity crowd in Oskaloosa is fired up for @HillaryClinton this afternoon   
Not being able to vote yet isn’t stopping 17-year-old Patrick from doing everything he can to elect Hillary. 
RT @alfranken: Hillary's first job after law school was w/ the Children's Defense Fund.  because @HillaryClinton remains committe…
One week.   
There is no excuse for letting greed get in the way of people's health. Companies like these should be ashamed. 
RT @HRC: HRC joined @HillaryClinton on the campaign trail last night in Iowa    …
RT @HillaryforSC: I. I believe. I believe that she will win. I believe that she will win. I believe that she will win. 
https://t…
Don’t live in Iowa but want to help get out the caucus? Retweet ☝️  this ☝️ to share with someone who does.
Live in Iowa? 

Learn how to caucus here! →  
A quick stop for lunch in Cedar Rapids with @CoryBooker yesterday. 
No Wall Street hedge fund manager should pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.
“The presidency is not an entry-level position.” 
You can’t confront income inequality without confronting gender inequality.  
RT @BostonGlobe: .@GlobeOpinion editorial endorsement: New Hampshire should go to @HillaryClinton   …
Thank you, Marion, IA!  
“What are our children going to say about your presidency beyond ‘she was the first woman’?”

It’s 2016. The days of dismissing the pay gap as a "women's issue" are over. 
Our favorite Snapchatting senator, @CoryBooker, is taking over Hillary’s account. Follow along at 👻hillaryclinton! 
No matter who you are, what you look like, or who you love—you deserve a president who will fight for you.

RT @jamieleecurtis: Met hero @JimObergefell at coffee this AM! He's here in Iowa celebrating the @HillaryClinton endorsement by @HRC! https…
RT @HillaryforNH: BREAKING: The Concord Monitor has endorsed @HillaryClinton for president!   …
It’s time to reclaim our democracy. We need to overturn Citizens United, fix our campaign finance system, and protect voting rights.
"Our next president can’t shy away from building on the progress of President Obama." -@EricHolder 
51% of public school students qualify for free or reduced-cost lunch. During  Month, let's commit to raising wages.
I'll work my heart out for Iowans and American families every day. Honored to have the @DMRegister's support—9 days to the caucus! -H
RT @HillaryforIA: RETWEET to spread the good news: the @DMRegister endorsed Hillary!  
RT @DMRegister: Register editorial board: @HillaryClinton has needed knowledge, experience:   …
Today in 1997, @madeleine—a diplomat, author, and humanitarian—became the first woman secretary of state. 
To all the  volunteers canvassing in the cold today: you are champions! 

(📷: @adinofacollege) 
T minus 9 days to Iowa—RT to make sure every caucus-goer sees this video. 
RT @kgrohh: Louie &amp; Louise met volunteering for @HillaryforNH, now they're best friends &amp; canvass every day in Berlin  https://t.…
“We worked with Hillary Clinton. Here’s how we know she’s committed to fighting climate change.” 
How much do you know about the loopholes in our gun laws? 
RT @GeorgeTakei: I invited many presidential candidates, but only 1 responded. I appreciate her courtesy and kind words of support. https:/…
RT @brandonspeak: Meet the gotv fellows of Cola ready to ROCK the last 35 days of the campaign here in @HillaryforSC  …
"The people I've met can't  need to roll up our sleeves and start making progress right now."

RT @HillaryforNH: RT if you agree.  
Just 10 days to the Iowa caucus! Hillary can't do it without you, here’s how you can help.  
On , the future of reproductive rights in America is more vulnerable than ever before. 
Reproductive freedom should be a reality for all, not a luxury for those who can afford it. I'll never give up until it is.  -H
43 years later,  is facing threats in states and the courts. And laws like Hyde keep abortion access out of reach for many. -H
RT @NARAL: .@ilyseh: "Reproductive freedom is key to economic equality for women &amp; @HillaryClinton is a champion for both." …
RT @NARALNH: On this 43rd anniv of , w/ a room full of  voters, we're sending a strong signal that NH is ready for @Hill…
RT @mintimm: Amazing to celebrate the  anniversary tonight with @NARAL, @HillaryClinton &amp; @JeanneShaheen!  …
We’ve come too far to let Republicans take us back. The fight for women’s reproductive rights is far from over. 
RT @johnpodesta: Former @EPA Administrators Carol Browner &amp; @lisapjackson on why Hillary will get the job done. . …
Love @HGTV? Hillary does, too! Here’s why she finds home makeover shows so relaxing.

10 days to Iowa! Add your name to get a daily email on how to help Hillary win the caucus:  
"Most people remember my son’s death, but I remember his life." Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner 
"There is never a day  in the Oval Office that you can't make something good happen for somebody." -@billclinton

RT @HillaryforIA: This. Is. Amazing.  @ddlovato 
RT @HillaryforIA: .@ddlovato takes the stage—and students scream "I'm with her!"  
RT @ddlovato: So excited to join @HillaryForIA in Iowa City tonight!! 😜😜 Hope to see you all there!! RSVP here: 
RT @stephaniesyoon: The one and only OLIVIA is joining  w !!!! @AdamParkhomenko @JessLivMo  …
"In a political landscape this hostile to reproductive rights, words matter — as do their absence." -NARAL's @ilyseh 
"Women need more than a vote or a supportive statement; we need a fighter in the White House." —@cecilerichards 
33,000 people are killed by guns every year. We’re better than that—we need commonsense reform now.
You shouldn’t have to be rich to make your voice heard. Hillary on why it’s time to reverse Citizens United: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary Clinton's Senior Foreign Policy Advisor, Jake Sullivan, responds to @BernieSanders' plans for ISIS and Iran.
h…
Mayor of Flint: “This isn't something that's going to go away.” 
This election is about who can get things done and build on the progress we’ve made.
No one would tolerate these conditions in a wealthy suburb. Detroit students and teachers deserve better. -H 

"I'm fighting for everyone who's ever been knocked down but refused to be knocked out."

The progress we’ve made under @POTUS is remarkable. Hillary on how we can keep it going: 
We need to protect and build on the Affordable Care Act, not start over with another contentious national debate.
A reminder of what we're all fighting for.

RT @TheBriefing2016: In one year, we could be swearing in a GOP President. 

We can't afford that.

It's no surprise that two billionaire hedge fund managers have launched an ad blitz against Hillary. 
A year from today, a new president will start to build on @POTUS' legacy, or dismantle it. That's personal to me.  -H
RT @HillaryforNH: On paid leave:

"For Hillary, this isn't just a moral issue–it's an economic issue." –President @billclinton 
In exactly one year, we’ll make history—or turn back the clock on the progress we've made. 
Climate change is real. It’s hurting our planet and our people. We can’t afford a president who ignores the science. 
We need a president who will fight for all Americans, not just those at the top.

RT @HillaryforNH: "She's the best qualified person running to be President, to do the whole job." -President @billclinton on @HillaryClinto…
If we want American families to get ahead, we have to make college, child care, and health care more affordable.
Really Senator Sanders? How can you say that groups like @PPact and @HRC are part of the "establishment" you're taking on? -H
I'm so sorry to hear about this terrible tragedy. My heart goes out to Braden's family and colleagues. -H 

Sarah Palin's got Trump's back. If you want to keep Republicans like them out of the White House, add your name now: 
Every single American should be outraged at what’s happening in Flint, Michigan.  
You shouldn't have to worry about your paycheck or your job when you have a baby or someone in your family gets sick.
LGBT kids don’t need to be “cured,” they need to be loved and supported. 
RT @nbudzinski: UBC, representing 500,000 workers in the construction and wood-products industries, endorses @hillaryclinton! …
Thank you, @HRC. 
RT @BET: Mother of Jordan Davis Says @HillaryClinton Is 'Clear Choice' for President:  
Our fight for equality must continue to ensure transgender people are treated with equal rights and dignity. 
The NRA. Big pharma. The Koch brothers. American families need a champion to defend them from special interests. 
"She is the one person who can bring a tremendous amount of experience to the job of being a world leader."

.@POTUS' action should be upheld so families can stay together and live without fear of deportation. -H 
RT @HRC: Our 5 favorite @HillaryClinton comments on LGBT equality    via @HRC
RT @ChadHGriffin: .@HRC is proud to stand with @HillaryClinton, the champion we need to continue our fight  …
.@HRC You have fought with persistence and great courage for LGBT equality. From one "HRC" to another—I’m proud to have your support. -H
Health care. Gun violence prevention. Immigration. Hillary's been fighting for progressive issues her entire career. 
“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?”

Catch Hillary on @maddow tonight at 9pm ET!
RT @vxanand: Read today's great front-page story on @Reggie_Abraham's 🔥 organizing work in Orangeburg, SC  https://t…
RT @raymondbraun: NEW VIDEO: Vlogging with @HillaryClinton and her team as they prepare for the !  https:/…
The next president has to be able to stand up to Republicans and stop their backward agenda. 
Two weeks to Iowa! 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Enjoyed packing lunches today in honor of  &amp; grateful for all who participated in service across the country! ht…
Dr. King's fight for equality in education, in economic opportunity, and in our criminal justice system is still our fight today. -H
Texts from Hillary, debate night edition. If you want in, text WATCH to 47246. 
The children of Flint have been drinking lead-poisoned water for more than a year. That’s absolutely unacceptable.

"Making sure all Americans have clean air and water isn’t just a health issue. It’s a civil rights issue." —Hillary in Columbia, SC
RT @HillaryforSC: "We are all diminished by racism and bigotry and injustice no matter who we are." — @HillaryClinton 
We can’t afford to undo @POTUS’ progress. Health care for millions of Americans is too important. 
RT @billclinton: Details matter. @HillaryClinton says what she's going to do and how. I'm with her.
There’s only one candidate who will defend and build on the progress we've made.  
No questions at , but we'll say it now: The women of America deserve a champion in the White House. 
What’s happening with the water in Flint, Michigan is an outrage.  
"If the kids in a rich suburb of Detroit had been drinking contaminated water, we would have done something about it." —Hillary 
We have a choice: elect a president with years of experience working with other leaders to keep the world safe, or not. 
The threats we face are real. The next president will take office in a year—and he or she needs a real plan to defeat terrorism. 
This election is not only about choosing a president—it's also about choosing our next commander in chief. 
We need a president with the experience and expertise to lead in the world and keep America safe. That's Hillary. 
Climate change is real. We can’t afford a president who'd deny it instead of taking action. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Taking on Wall Street and protecting Dodd-Frank: She'll get it done.  
"There should be no bank too big to fail and no individual too big to jail." —Hillary 
"There needs to be a concerted effort to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system." 

We need a president who will make quality higher education a reality for every American.  
"I will go anywhere to meet with anyone at any time to find common ground." —Hillary 
RT @TheBriefing2016: REMINDER: Here's Hillary Clinton fighting in front of Congress for universal health  1993.  https:/…
RT @TheBriefing2016: If we elect a Republican, they'll roll back all of the progress we've made on expanding health coverage.  ht…
Senator Sanders is right: Hillary has been committed to universal health care for decades.  
The ACA is one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, the Democratic Party, and America. We shouldn't go backwards. 
"I don't want to see us start over again. I want us to defend and build on the Affordable Care Act and improve it." —Hillary 
"I am absolutely committed to universal health care. I've worked on this for a long time." —Hillary 
We need a president who will always, always put American families over the gun lobby. 

We must end mass incarceration—reform mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent offenses, increase mental health &amp; drug treatment, &amp; more.
It's wrong that black men are more likely than white men to be stopped by police, charged with crimes, and sentenced to longer prison terms.
"There needs to be a concerted effort to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system." —Hillary 
It's time to choose once and for all: Will we stand with the NRA, or stand up to it?  
Hillary has only received one F in her life and she's proud of it: from the NRA. 
Among the top issues Hillary will work toward in her first 100 days as president: "Finally, getting equal pay for women's work." 
Democrats all agree that affordable health care should be a right. We need a real plan to get it done.  
"We need a president who can do all aspects of the 'm ready to take it on." —Hillary 
"We have to get the economy working and incomes rising for everyone—including those who have been left behind for too long." 
“What we have to do is protect the Obama  Hillary Clinton is that person.” -@EricHolder 
RT @billclinton: Jason Winter for Best Dressed!   
Text BACKSTAGE to 47246 to get behind-the-scenes updates from Hillary at the  tonight.
RT @HillaryforSC: Campaign manager Robby Mook joins in on some cheers.   
"We need someone who knows when  her ground, but also when common ground is possible." —@ChelseaClinton 
RT @HillaryforSC: Accomplishments speak for themselves. Brush up on some of Hillary's:   …
The answers on gun violence at the  reached an all-time low. 
“Everything she touched, she made better.” —@billclinton shares some of his favorite memories of Hillary

RT @HillaryforNH: Some pre- inspiration from @AbbyWambach: 
@MaryKayHenry Proud to stand with @SEIU, fighting together to raise wages for hardworking families! So grateful for your support. -H
No American working full-time should have to struggle to get by. Raising wages will help lift millions out of poverty.
Millions of people like Angelina live with autism—they and their families need our support.

"We have a lot of friends in this race, but we have one true champion." -@cecilerichards 
"You have the power to choose a nominee who will protect everything we’ve achieved—and stop Republicans from dragging us backward." —Hillary
"I’ll fight to close the loophole that the Charleston shooter slipped through when he bought his gun." —Hillary 
"In one year and four days, a new president is going to walk into the Oval Office—we can't afford for it to be a Republican." —Hillary in SC
@TUSK81 What wonderful news to hear you're cancer-free. What a great way to start the New Year. Now have that glass of wine! -H
A Democratic president is the only thing preventing @PPFA from being defunded. 
Relieved that American prisoners are coming home from Iran. We must keep working for the return of Robert Levinson. -H
RT @madeleine: Starting off today's swing through Iowa with a group of enthusiastic @HillaryClinton volunteers! @HillaryforIA …
Hillary picked a @nytimes reader question out of a hat. Watch her answer → 
Hillary made clear this week: What’s happening with the water in Flint, Michigan is an outrage. 
RT @HilaArbell: These fabulous ladies are ready to  for @HillaryClinton!    
.@POTUS wants to require universal background checks and hold gun manufacturers accountable. If you agree, sign on: 
RT @ilyseh: Feminists for Hillary and @NARAL join forces in Iowa     @AngeliqueRoche …
“This is incredibly personal.”

RT @ErolYayboke: &amp; they're off to talk to neighbors about Hillary Clinton! 🇺🇸 📋 ❄  
.@JimmyFallon: Can we do a Snapchat? 

Hillary: Sure! 👻

.@jimmyfallon interviewed Hillary for the job of president.  
Text BACKSTAGE to 47246 to get behind-the-scenes updates from Hillary as she gets ready for  on Sunday. 
Meet Fayde. He's 8 years old, and his favorite things are Star Wars, chocolate chip pancakes, and Hillary Clinton. 
Hillary and @CecileRichards on politics, mansplaining, and reproductive rights:  
RT @raymondbraun: I'm excited to spend this weekend in South Carolina to hang out with @HillaryClinton's campaign for the . Thank…
What would our country look like under a Republican president? Here’s a glimpse.  
A right without the opportunity to exercise it isn't a right. Low-income women deserve health care. The Hyde Amendment should be overturned.
"I would like to see Planned Parenthood even get more funding." How to ensure all women have access to health care: 
RT @HillaryforNH: Portsmouth Herald, Foster's endorse Hillary Clinton in NH Democratic primary: 

 
No podemos permitir que este tipo de tragedias sigan sucediendo. Nelba perdió a su hija en la masacre de Sandy Hook. 
On the trail in New Hampshire this week, @billclinton told one of his favorite stories about Hillary:

Just this once, Trump's right: New Yorkers value hard work, diversity, tolerance, resilience, and building better lives for our families. -H
.@jimmyfallon asked: Does Trump intimidate you? Hillary: “No.”

A Republican president would undo @POTUS’ progress on climate, guns, immigration, and a whole lot more. 
Need a good laugh after watching ? Catch Hillary on @fallontonight next! 
2 1/2 hours of this? Imagine 4 years.   
They may be arguing, but they agree on so much: denying climate change, repealing Obamacare, and cutting taxes for the wealthy. 
We cannot afford a Republican in the White House. Get your *free* sticker. → 
What you're really hearing at the : More tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy, no real plans for the middle class.
A 10% flat tax? A CEO should never be paying the same rate as a kindergarten teacher. 
Had enough? Do something about it:  
Let’s be clear: Islam isn't our enemy. Hateful rhetoric against Muslims isn't just wrong—it plays into terrorists' hands. 
This is Muslim Americans' country too. The next president should know that—and act like it. 
  
RT @HillaryforSC: RT if the  is getting you pumped up to hear real ideas and solutions from @HillaryClinton this weekend! https:/…
RT @TheBriefing2016: June, 2017: President Cruz's new SCOTUS appointments vote to expand Citizens United decision.   http…
RT @TheBriefing2016: If we elect a Republican in 2016, we imagine some things will change in 2017.  
Comprehensive background checks would ensure those who can responsibly own guns do—and those who can’t, don't. 
Nobody's attacking the Second Amendment. We can protect Americans' rights—and also protect families from gun violence. 
If the thought of a Republican president in 2017 terrifies you, text FUTURE to 47246.
Here's the truth: You can't make America greater by insulting, shaming, and demonizing the people of America. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: HAPPENING NOW: June 15, 2017: SCOTUS strikes down all of VRA in decision-packed day.  
Supporting Planned Parenthood, the ACA, and Supreme Court justices who will protect Americans' rights? Count on it. 
Psst: There's only one candidate—on either side—who's prepared to be commander in chief.  
RT @HillaryforNH: Meet 7 Republican candidates who are totally unprepared to be commander-in-chief:  
RT @TheBriefing2016: March 3, 2017 : Cruz's Carpet-bombing campaign begins. Regarding strategy, says "this is literally our strategy." http…
We can't go back to cowboy diplomacy and reckless war-mongering. We need a real foreign policy for the future. : not cutting it.
RT @TheBriefing2016: BREAKING: August 14th, 2017 -- President Kasich with a historic announcement on his tax plan.  …
Our economy—and country—are better off thanks to President Obama and hardworking Americans. Anyone who says otherwise is wrong. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: While the GOP debates their priorities for 2017, we'll be giving you updates from a future where one of them becomes p…
What might 2017 look like under a Republican president? Follow to see (spoiler: not good) → 

Always a great time with @jimmyfallon. Thanks for snapping with us! (👻: HillaryClinton) 
RT @CecileRichards: "Any right that requires you to take extraordinary measures to access it is no right at all." - @HillaryClinton 🙌 https…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Tonight is the first  in 2016. Relive Republicans' greatest hits of 2015 ⤵️

Hillary sat down with @CecileRichards and @refinery29 to discuss what’s at stake in the 2016 election. Hint: A lot. 
Hillary "has the experience and right judgment to deliver results for families across the country." —@EricHolder 
RT @mayaharris_: She has the experience, bold plans &amp; will deliver results -Former AG @EricHolder on his endorsement of Hillary today https…
.@lorellapraeli on the human cost of our broken immigration system and her mother's first trip to Peru in 16 years. 
RT @HillaryforIA: President @billclinton wants to meet YOU in Iowa!
Add your name now for the chance to win →  https…
Health care should be a right for every American. We should build on the progress we've made with the ACA—not go back to square one.
"From the time I met her 45 years ago this March, she's the best changemaker I've ever known." —@billclinton 
RT @lorellapraeli: Mi mamá finally got to go to Peru and see her father for the first time in 16 years. This is our story. …
RT @HillaryforNH: Before President @billclinton can finish one event, the next one at @dartmouth is already packed!  …
We’re better than this. 
RT @shondarhimes: Watch @TheConversation to see @AmandadeCadenet interview @HillaryClinton TONIGHT 1/13 at 10PM ET/PT on @LifetimeTV. https…
What would a State of the Union be like under a Republican president? Here’s a disturbing preview. 
It’s time to pick a side: Stand with the gun lobby or stand up to it. 
From protecting voting rights to challenging discrimination, @EricHolder was one of our finest Attorneys General. Honored by his support. -H
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@BernieSanders laid out how he's paying for his agenda today.

He just left out his $15 trillion health care plan. ht…
Ending the gun industry’s immunity from lawsuits is critical to tackling the epidemic of gun violence in America. 
.@POTUS by the numbers: 18 million insured, 14 million new jobs, 27 executive actions to stop gun  
We can't let Republicans rip away @POTUS’ progress. Add your name if you agree: 
Seven years of progress. We need to build on it—not go backwards.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: If a Republican president were giving this , you might hear something different about voting rights. …
RT @TheBriefing2016: 2016 matters: A Republican  would have some different thoughts on campaign finance. 
Couldn't agree more with @POTUS: We need to make voting easier, not harder. 
.@POTUS ha mantenido la economía fuerte y el país seguro. Eso es lo que el presidente tiene que hacer. Es su deber. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Who could disagree with this? A Republican president, if we elect one in 2016.  
.@POTUS has kept the economy strong and the country safe. That's what the president needs to do. That’s the job. 
We can't afford a president who won't admit climate change is real. It's real. It's a fact. And we will take action. 
Thanks to @POTUS, 18 million Americans are covered under the ACA. We won't put their health care into the hands of Republicans. 
RT @HillaryforNH: The numbers don't lie. →   
.@POTUS is confirming what we know: Our economy—and our country—are stronger under a Democratic president. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: If we elect a Republican in 2016, the next  would probably sound a little different. 
.@POTUS is right: Progress isn't inevitable. We have a choice between pushing forward—or undoing all the work we've done. 
America is better because of @POTUS' leadership. Proud to call him my friend. Let’s build on his progress.  -H 
“An open seat at the State of the Union will honor gun violence victims—including my 6-year-old.”  
A year from now, a new president will walk into the Oval Office. We can't afford to let it be a Republican. 
You can sue a company for making an unsafe toy—but not for making an assault rifle used to kill children. 
A Republican president could stack the Supreme Court with justices who will rip away all of the progress we’ve made. 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Loved meeting everyone at the @HillaryforNH Early Learning Roundtable. Thanks to the panelists and all who attended! ht…
At , Hillary said she supports repealing the Hyde Amendment. Why that matters:  
On the trail in New Hampshire, world champion @AbbyWambach led us in a chant she knows well—with a new twist. 
RT @UFCW: :  announced today our endorsement of @HillaryClinton as the strongest #2016 candidate. 
.@BradyBuzz: Hillary consistently put the safety of Americans ahead of the interests of the corporate gun lobby. 
“As a woman seeking the ’s a really delicate balancing act.” Tomorrow on @TheConversation.

“Bottom line: Sanders and Clinton are both good on reproductive health—but Clinton pushes harder.” 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Thank you @HillaryforNH! Excited to be here today! 
RT @Bradybuzz: We are proud to endorse @HillaryClinton for President of the United States. Join us here:  https://t.…
Thank you, @TheEllenShow. 
Our criminal justice system is broken. We need to end mass incarceration and close private prisons. 
Immigration raids are sowing discord and fear among our communities. We should end them. 

"We have systemic racism and bias that is implicit in our [criminal justice] system." 

RT @lorellapraeli: "Terminaré con los centros privados de detención y con la detención familiar," dice @HillaryClinton  …
Hillary at tonight’s : 
"Reproductive rights are a fundamental human right. No government should tell a woman what she can do with her body." —Hillary at 
RT @BrynneCraig: .@HillaryClinton when asked if she’d vote to repeal the Hyde Amendment she responds “YES” 
"We've got to disrupt the school to prison pipeline—we need a cradle to college pipeline." —Hillary at 
"We have systemic racism and bias that is implicit in our [criminal justice] system." —Hillary at 
"I am going to end private detention centers. I am going to end family detention." —Hillary at 
RT @lorellapraeli: .@HillaryClinton believes we should not be conducting raids and roundups that sow fear and division in our communities #…
"I do not think raids are an appropriate tool to enforce immigration  are sowing discord and fear." —Hillary at 
RT @BrynneCraig:   
"You stand for everything that I want in a president.” —@theellenshow

One of these people could decide the future of your rights.  
How does a presidential candidate spend a night with friends? Find out on @TheConversation with @amandadecadenet.

Thank you, @GabbyGiffords and @ShuttleCDRKelly.  
RT @mayaharris_: .@HillaryClinton vowed to take on barriers to abortion access—incl. the , which she opposed publicly as FLOT…
RT @mayaharris_: .@HillaryClinton calls  Texas court case "the biggest challenge to Roe v. Wade in a generation." …
Backstage at @TheEllenShow! Tune in today to see Hillary play Heads Up! and talk selfies with Ellen. 
RT @HectorBalderas: I’m proud to stand in support of @HillaryClinton as she fights for the Democratic Presidential nomination. 
"Young people need a president who will stand up to inaction [on guns] person is Hillary." -@SybrinaFulton 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Priorities matter.  
We're not going to raise incomes for middle-class families by raising their taxes.
Sunday inspiration: A little cold is no match for @HillaryforIA organizers and volunteers! 
RT @HillaryforNH: Today at , @HillaryClinton promised to always . 
RT @GabbyGiffords: We need a president tough enough to stand up to the gun lobby. @HillaryClinton is that person.  …
Honored to have @GabbyGiffords and @ShuttleCDRKelly's support. 
RT @PPact: What’s saving Americans from the assault on ? Our pro-women’s health president. That’s what’s at stake. …
RT @HillaryforNH: "We could be facing a future where our daughters have less rights than we do." –@CecileRichards 
RT @HillaryforNH: WATCH LIVE:  event in Manchester with @HillaryClinton &amp; @CecileRichards. → 
RT @CecileRichards: Pantsuit game strong.  @HillaryClinton 
RT @HillaryforNH: Today in New Hampshire:
✔️ 
✔️  
Affordable health care should be a basic human right—no matter what kind of medical history you have. 
RT @gidonfeen: This is commitment. Sub-zero temperatures can't stop us from helping @HillaryClinton @HillaryforIA win  https://t…
This 19-year-old voter in New Hampshire was on the fence until he heard @billclinton speak on Hillary's experience. 
We need to make it easier for parents to balance the demands of work and family. 
Our next president could have the power to transform the Supreme Court for generations.  
What @AbbyWambach said. 
Republican candidates are putting the NRA’s interests ahead of the safety of our families and communities.

RT @HillaryforNH: Like Hillary, @AbbyWambach is working hard to earn every vote on February 9th!  
This father wrote a letter to his daughters to make sure they know nothing should stand in the way of their dreams: 
A judge in Alabama still opposes marriage equality—and so does every single Republican candidate. 
RT @samkelly16: "This is @AbbyWambach, like for real, calling for the @HillaryforNH campaign, you need to vote for Hillary" …
Hillary, Ellen, and @tonygoldwyn duked it out in a game of Heads Up! on @TheEllenShow. Tune in on Monday! 
.@lenadunham is taking over Hillary's Instagram today! Follow for updates from the trail:  
RT @AbbyWambach: Love this morning!!  @lenadunham and I campaigning for our next president… 
The new jobs report confirms: The economy is stronger with a Democrat in the White House.  
RT @HillaryforNH: "I BELIEVE THAT SHE WILL WIN!" –@AbbyWambach 
It's a make-or-break moment for SCOTUS appointments—we can’t afford to let a GOP president decide. Hillary's op-ed: 
RT @HillaryforNH: WATCH LIVE: @AbbyWambach and @lenadunham at our Portsmouth Women for Hillary event: 
An expectant mother in Iowa asked: What are your plans for parental and maternity leave?

As @POTUS spoke powerfully on protecting kids from gun violence, @realDonaldTrump said end gun free school zones. We deserve better. -H
2016 should be remembered as the year America decided to take on gun violence.  
The safety of our families is more important than the interests of the NRA. Full stop. 
Why @PPact broke with tradition to endorse Hillary:  
RT @HillaryforIA: Retweet if you agree with @billclinton: Hillary is certainly the most qualified person running for president. …
RT @TheBriefing2016: Yesterday made it clear: A Republican in the White House would roll back health care for millions.
…
.@CecileRichards Completely appropriate. -H
RT @CecileRichards: .@HillaryClinton Proud to support a lifelong champion for women's health. See you in NH. Talk soon to coordinate pantsu…
RT @SenGillibrand: As President, @HillaryClinton will be a champion for women &amp; families, incl ensuring up to 12 weeks of . https…
RT @PPact: We're excited to announced we're endorsing @HillaryClinton! She'll lead on .   …
4 reasons we can't let Republicans take their attacks on Planned Parenthood and women's rights to the White House: 
I'll take on Republicans or anyone who tries to interfere with women's health. Proud to have @PPact's support in this important election. -H
Yesterday was a preview of what would happen under a Republican president. Every single GOP candidate would defund Planned Parenthood. -H
“It’s important to stand up to bullies wherever they are.” 
Climate change isn't some abstract future threat—it threatens our families and economy right now. We need to act. 
LGBT kids don’t need to be “cured” of anything. 
Marriage equality is the law of the land—and that includes Alabama. -H 

Anyone who wants to be president should have a plan to make a real difference for Americans with autism. 
RT @HillaryforNH: Selfie technique: 💯 
Planned Parenthood defunded and 3 more reasons a Republican president would be a nightmare for women's health: 
Republicans just voted to repeal Obamacare and defund Planned Parenthood. Good thing we have a Democratic president: 
We have to defend our progress on access to health care. Add your name if you agree: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: The GOP Congress' first priority was taking health care away from millions. What do you think a GOP POTUS' would be?
h…
If any of the GOP candidates were president today, Planned Parenthood would now be defunded &amp; the ACA repealed. We can't let that happen. -H
This is the only comprehensive plan from a presidential candidate to support families with autism: 
Happy birthday, Kate McKinnon! The feeling's mutual. 
RT @hollyrpeete: Hillary Clinton Proposing New Focus on   via @WSJ @HillaryClinton
RT @vxanand: Must-read this AM from @HillaryforSC state director &amp; Citadel alum @claynmiddleton on addressing racism &amp; prejudice: https://t…
RT @iamdeepa: Incredibly proud to be a part of this diverse team working for a historic cause!  …
It's a disgrace that the government is making money off of lending to college students. We need to end that.
If you can refinance a car payment, you should be able to refinance your student debt.
RT @TheBriefing2016: These are our GOP Congress’ top priorities for the year. Place your bets on what a GOP president's would be. https://t…
What we learned from @billclinton’s first stop on the campaign trail: 
“Dare to compete.” Hillary tells @hardball_chris about the athlete who inspired her to run for office.

.@billclinton shares memories from when he first met Hillary:  
This is a promise: I will always protect a woman's right to make her own health decisions. Honored to have your support, @NARAL. -H
In 2016, everything we’ve accomplished together is on the line. 
“She just makes things happen.” —@billclinton on the trail in New Hampshire this week. 
Tune in tonight to catch Hillary on @hardball! Sneak preview:  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Reminder: @HillaryClinton called for Wall Street accountability a year before the crisis.  http…
"You rise or fall on the people who are with you." -@BillClinton

If you’re with Hillary, text VOLUNTEER to 47246.

.@POTUS just took action to . Here's how we build on that progress:  
.@POTUS is right: We can protect the Second Amendment while protecting our families and communities from gun violence. And we have to.
Thank you, @POTUS, for taking a crucial step forward on gun violence. Our next president has to build on that progress—not rip it away. -H
"We need more than an ally. We need a champion, and Hillary Clinton is that champion ." Thank you, @NARAL &amp; @ilyseh. 
RT @NARAL: We’re proud to endorse @HillaryClinton for president! She’s a true .  
Watch what happened when our youngest volunteer got to work at campaign HQ. 
No one working full-time in America should have to raise their kids in poverty.
If Republicans win the White House &amp; fulfill their promise to tear up the ACA, we’ll have to go back to square one.

12-year-old Olivia made good on her promise to be the youngest volunteer at campaign HQ. Watch the video: 
RT @HillaryforNH: "Wherever she is, whatever she's doing: She. Just. Makes. Things. Happen." –@billclinton on @HillaryClinton 💪 
No one's had a better seat to watch Hillary's public service career over the past 45 years than @BillClinton:

We’ve got to get back to a place where people listen to and respect one another. 
“I don’t want to keep operating on children who’ve been shot.” 
RT @HillaryforIA: Hillary in Davenport: "Republicans just want to undo all the progress we've made. The stakes couldn't be higher." https:/…
“I'm a little feminist growing up to help all women with equal rights.” Olivia joins the volunteer team at HQ.

RT @billclinton: Hitting the trail for @HillaryClinton in New Hampshire today.  
RT @HillaryforNH: "The next POTUS will appoint between 1 and 3 Supreme Court Justices and I know who I want doing that." –@billclinton …
RT @HillaryforNH: President @billclinton to the people of New Hampshire: "We need you."

We need a fighter for children and families in the White House. 
Dr. Sakran nearly died after a gunshot wound at 17. Today, he's a trauma surgeon fighting to end gun violence. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: President Obama and Hillary have proposals to tackle gun violence.

A GOP President would take any progress away. http…
There is power in sharing our struggles—and the fight against diseases like Alzheimer’s is one we can win.

We need a president who will stand up to the gun lobby. Add your name if you agree: 
A Republican president would delight in reversing @POTUS's progress. We can’t let that happen.

This election isn’t about style or rhetoric; it’s about tackling the issues that American families face every day. 
RT @HillaryforNH: Hillary will fight for:
-Planned Parenthood
-LGBT community
-Voting rights
-Bargaining rights
-Immigration reform
-Gun sa…
RT @HillaryforNH: A Republican President would reverse progress on:
✔Gun violence
✔Climate change
✔Immigration


RT @HillaryforNH: WATCH LIVE: Hillary's first town hall of 2016 in Derry, NH.  
Americans need a president who has what it takes to get the job done. 
RT @HillaryforNH: Hillary is starting 2016 in NH right where she left off in 2015–on a mission to prevent gun violence.  https:…
It's outrageous that many  moms have to go back to work a few weeks after having a baby—and too many dads get no parental leave at all.
RT @bmercergolden: Low of 11 tonight in Waterloo - very grateful to these 11 supporters for inviting me inside while they signed cards! htt…
A young man in NH asked: How are you going to make sure me and my brothers are safe from gun violence at school?

You can’t argue with the facts: The economy does better with a Democrat in the White House.

She’s a Grammy-award winning grandma—plus three more surprising facts about Hillary: 
RT @HillaryforNH: 7 things you never knew @HillaryClinton accomplished as first lady.  
It’s way too difficult in America to have both a job and a family. In some states, child care costs more than college tuition—that's absurd.
RT @HillaryforNH: Who else is excited? →  
We can’t afford to let a Republican take the oath of office next January. 
 starts the new year stronger than ever. To everyone who has supported this campaign: Thank you.
94% of our fourth quarter donations were $100 or less, and more than 60% of donors were women.
The numbers are in: In the fourth quarter, people gave more than $55 million—$37M to the campaign, and $18M to the Democratic Party.
Happy New Year! 
Chip in $1 before 2016 to keep the momentum going!  
What photographers on the campaign trail saw in 2015:  
Tonight’s fundraising deadline is about more than money—it's about standing together. If you're with me, chip in:  -H
RT @HillaryforNH: NH has always been special to Hillary. 2015 was no different. See the photos:   https:…
38 states, 524 town hall questions, 89,399 birthday wishes, and more: 2015, by the numbers. 
What happened when Hillary and John McCain went head-to-head in a drinking competition?

"I know what it's like to go into the primaries up. And I know what it's like to come out of them down." 
We need to make it easier for women to get ahead at work while still being there for their families.
RT @MarleeMatlin: I told @HillaryClinton that I'd love to help expand the rights under the ADA for millions of Americans  https…
6 texts from Hillary you might have missed this  
We need a president who can take on Republicans and get the job done. 
No parent should have to bury a child due to substance use. It's time we get serious about investing in treatment. 
It shouldn’t be so hard to be a working parent. 
RT @creynoldsnc: Your GOP Congress. Getting stuff done. And by stuff, I mean trying to take away health care from 18 mill Americans. https:…
Middle class families shouldn't be shouldering a tax burden while those at the top profit.

We can make families stronger by cutting taxes, raising the minimum wage, and making sure women get equal pay for equal work.
Whether she's working with world leaders or working across the aisle, we need a president who gets things done: 
We can't let Republicans rip away our progress and give more tax breaks to corporations and those at the top.
There’s no reason for teachers and nurses to ever pay higher tax rates than top CEOs. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary Clinton has taken on
-Rural health gaps
-Out-of-pocket-costs
-Insurance companies
-Big Pharma
-Alzheimer's

ht…
RT @HillaryforNH: These kids have the best seats in the house &amp; are ready to talk policy with @HillaryClinton.  …
It’s time we treat diseases like Alzheimer’s with the seriousness they deserve.

Little feminists, moms, love stories—some of the most heartwarming campaign moments of 2015:  
We should treat the caretakers who serve 11 million Americans with serious medical needs like the heroes they are. 
RT @jmurray20: Troops and veterans let 8-year-old Sofia know: "The oath I took applies to Muslim Americans too. " https://t…
Parades and yellow ribbons aren't enough. Our veterans deserve world-class health care, benefits, and opportunities. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary Clinton visited a town of 996 people in Iowa. Here's how three high schoolers made it happen: …
We have to do more to support people with Alzheimer's, and the families that care for them.  
An Iowa fifth grader asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"

Hot peppers and selfies: 48 hours on the campaign trail.  
This dad is doing everything he can to make this country a better place for his daughters. Read his letter to them: 
Wishing everyone the best this Kwanzaa. To all celebrating—Bill and I send you our warmest wishes. -H
"If you would like help with your campaign, I am available and I would work for candy." 
Captain Khan saved the lives of his entire unit when he bravely stepped forward to investigate a suspicious vehicle.

Can't think of a better day than one with family, food, and the best gift of all: a new grandchild on the way! Merry Christmas. -H
Merry Christmas! 
American families like progress a lot. But the grinches in GOPville? It seems they do not. 
For the families of  million Americans, a cure for Alzheimer's can’t come soon enough. 
A win for voting rights in Virginia. No one should have to wait hours to exercise their right to vote. 
Happy holidays! Text HOLIDAY to 47246 to hear a message from Hillary. 
An Iowa fifth grader asked Hillary: “What are you going to do about all this bullying?”

There’s something wrong when so many families have such a hard time affording basic needs.  
Your loved ones deserve the best care—without you having to worry about your paycheck.

Happy holidays! Text HOLIDAY to 47246 to hear a message from Hillary.
@abbynicole1123 It was a wonderful conversation. Thanks for the invite!
RT @_juliannemoore: I’m proud to stand with @HillaryClinton and @MariaShriver in the fight to treat and prevent Alzheimer’s disease: https:…
No one should live in fear because of who they are—we must combat the growing crisis of violence against transgender Americans.
RT @HillaryforNH: "She's the best qualified person for the time I have ever seen." –@billclinton

We can make an Alzheimer’s cure possible by 2025, changing life for millions of Americans. 
"Under my plan, Medicare will cover comprehensive Alzheimer’s care-planning sessions." Hillary on @Quora: 
.@Quora asked: "How close are we to a cure for Alzheimer’s?" A cure could be possible by 2025. 
Every child deserves a loving family. We must fight discrimination against LGBT parents trying to adopt.
A Republican president could nominate as many as 4 Supreme Court justices. Why that should terrify you: 
We can prevent, effectively treat, and make a cure possible for Alzheimer’s by 2025. -H
RT @Diagon_Aly: Thank you to my inspiration and role model @HillaryClinton for the most amazing present ever!  https:…
RT @HillaryforNH: Hillary learned the severity of America's heroin epidemic at a town hall in New Hampshire. Then she went to work:
https:/…
RT @GloZell: I just interviewed our next president @hillaryclinton on @theconversation with @amandadecadenet xoxo -GloZell …
RT @billclinton: Christmas comes early! @HillaryClinton and I are thrilled for Chelsea, Marc and Charlotte’s growing family in 2016!  https…
Your dad and I could not be happier for you, Marc, and Charlotte. We’re so excited to meet our second grandchild! -H 
It is time to put an end to conversion therapy for minors. We should be supporting LGBT kids—not trying to change them.
RT @TheBriefing2016: American families like progress a lot. 

But the grinches in GOPville?

It seems they do not.

RT @brianefallon: With Graham out, there's no one left in GOP field who clearly supports comprehensive immigration reform plan that has a p…
The president has to keep families safe and make the economy grow for everyone—not just those at the top.

RT @mayaharris_: Hillary wants to end conversion therapy for minors—the harmful practice of trying to “cure” LGBT kids. …
Hillary’s best  moments, illustrated:  
RT @HillaryforNH: .@HillaryClinton and Team  crushed it at the . See the photos:  …
Here’s what people were texting Hillary while she was on the debate stage. 
We can’t go back to a foreign policy that views US boots on the ground as a first choice instead of a last resort. 
Here’s why having a former secretary of state in the Oval Office would be a smart move: 
RT @billclinton: .@HillaryClinton will work for the struggling, the strivers, and the successful. That's why 
Strong economy? Thank a Democrat.

RT @mayaharris_: 22 transgender women—primarily women of color—have been murdered this year. Hillary will work to end this violence. https:…
Hillary released her plan to protect and expand rights for the LGBT community: 
Hillary is the tough leader we need as our next president. Add your name if you agree:  
Here's a First Lady dealing with China.  
Don't you think?   
La cárcel no es un substituto para tratar la adicción a las drogas, ni para problemas de salud mental. 
RT @HillaryforNH: Here's the town hall in Keene   
Prison is not a substitute for treatment for drug addiction and mental health issues. 
Hillary is the only candidate on stage who has pledged not to raise taxes on the middle class.  
Ningún estudiante debería pedir un préstamo para pagar su colegiatura. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: The Sanders health care plan would turn health care over to the states. Bad news if you've got a GOP gov.  h…
The Affordable Care Act is working—and it's too important to repeal.   
.@BernieSanders only one candidate on stage voted to strip the government of power to regulate Wall Street—and it wasn’t Hillary. 
Hillary is the candidate in this race with the experience to be commander-in-chief. Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree. 
After decades of fighting for progressive issues (and 11 hours of testimony in front of a Republican-led committee): 
We can’t afford another major ground war in the Middle East—that's exactly what ISIS wants. 
We can't allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values—that's not who we are as Americans. We're better than that. 
We're not at war with a religion; we're at war with radical jihadism. Muslim Americans: This is your country too. 
Reason #88: The NRA has never helped Hillary get elected.  
We should prioritize American families over the gun lobby—period.  
Presidents have to be ready to tackle any issue that comes to their desk.   
We want a fair race. Let's get back to the issues the American people care about. 
Reason 3 of many why Hillary should be our next president.   
America needs a president who can both keep our families safe and make the economy work for everyone, not just those at the top. 
RT @billclinton: 1-Are folks better off? 2-Do kids have brighter futures? 3-Are we coming together, not apart? @HillaryClinton gets it, alw…
RT @billclinton: You can judge a life of public service by looking at these 3 things when you’re done— all the rest is background music—&gt;
112 reasons (and counting) why Hillary should be our next president:  
For the facts during tonight's , follow @TheBriefing2016.
If you agree Hillary is the president we need, tell us why you're standing with her:  
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we’ve had." —President Obama 
RT @HillaryforNH: 603 is THE area code in New Hampshire.

And @HillaryClinton is THE candidate for New Hampshire.


RT @HillaryforNH: We believe that she will win!    
To keep America safe, we need leaders who will stand up against hateful speech. 
RT @HillaryforNH:  as far as the eye can see! 
RT @msamandarush: Thanks so much to @HillaryClinton who checked something off my Christmas list this year. 😍🙌🏼  https…
Our values set us apart. Now is not the time to abandon them. 
RT @HillaryforNH: It's been a HUGE week for Team ! 78 State Reps. said  this week:  …
Captain Humayun Khan was an immigrant and an American hero. This is his story.

RT @HillaryforNH: Campaign manager Robby Mook and Sen. @DonnaSoucy knocking on doors before  because  …
RT @HillaryforNH: The  is tonight! Follow along with us today using  
RT @tammybaldwin:  b/c the LGBT community is  for full equality, and @HillaryClinton's just-released platform will …
Hillary's videographer on what it's like to follow her around the country with a camera:  
RT @BET: Commentary: Why Infrastructure Is a Social Justice Issue  
We are Americans. We will not turn on each other or our principles. 
RT @rosenbergerlm: UN takes step to crack down on ISIS financing, which @HillaryClinton called for last month  https…
🌈  
Those at the top are doing just fine. It’s your family that needs a raise.

Discrimination against LGBT people goes against everything we stand for as a country.

This year, Republicans reminded us that the Dark Side is alive and well.  
RT @tonygoldwyn: Such a proud papa to share the campaign trail in Iowa w/ @amuskygoldwyn my ! @HillaryClinton  https:…
To keep America safe, we need leaders who will stand up against hateful proposals and reckless words. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: We have faced challenges before and chosen resolve over fear.

These Republicans seem resolved to create fear.
https:/…
The Buffett Rule says millionaires should pay more of what they can afford in taxes. Hillary will make sure they do. 
Congrats on a magnificent career, Abby. Look forward to cheering on @ussoccer_wnt with you this summer!  
Hillary on that feeling when you realize your daughter is starting to sound like you.

Are Republicans stealing policy ideas from "The Princess Bride"?  
But seriously.  
RT @SarahLGriffin: @MartinOMalley proudly supporting the  campaign. what a way to end . thank you thank you!!!!! htt…
We need to stop for-profit internment camps of women and children. This is 
unacceptable. 


Thanks, man. I try.  
Had a great time talking to the High School Dems of America! Our next generation always gives me hope.  
Not every issue. Just when you prop up openly racist reality TV stars like @realDonaldTrump. 
America doesn't build walls- we tear them down. South Dakota Dems know  will unite us in #2016.  
Like most bullies, Chicken @realDonaldTrump walks away when things get tough, and real people get hurt.
Look forward to chatting w @jaketapper  this morning. Time to show Trump and the rest of the world who we are as Americans.
Trump's supporters aren't evil, they've just fallen for a con.  
Or, "Donald Cluck". Not sure which one I like more.   
"Like most bullies, Chicken Donald walks away when things get tough, and real people get hurt."  
"Donald Trump, he likes to hand out those little nicknames. I’ve got one for him: Chicken Donald"  
"Unlike that fascist, carnival-barker, Donald Trump - @HillaryClinton will not back down from a tough fight"  
Team Stark, forever. November is coming for you, Donald Trump. Cc: @TheFix 
.@HillaryForIowa has great organizers, and musicians. I even got asked to sign a mandolin!  
.@jasonnobleDMR, it's actually Celtic Rock, but whatever.  
Back on the trail! Dialing with @HillaryforIA today, speaking at South Dakota Dems convention tomorrow.  
Those covered by DAPA &amp; DACA are Americans by most every important measure. Shame on Supreme Court for letting injustice stand.
Tragedies like Orlando &amp; the  deserve our thoughts, but also our actions. Reform is the greatest remembrance. .
Stop arming ISIS lone wolves: re-instate ban on the sale of combat assault weapons in America. .
"No fly / No Buy." Thank you @ChrisMurphyCT. . 
My prayers go out to the people of Orlando. The  is one of easiest places for jihadi extremists to buy assault rifles. Actions not Words
The stakes are far too high for the untested hands of @realDonaldTrump. America needs a tried and true leader. Hillary is that leader. #2016
We must come together to confront the fascist threat to our democracy presented by Donald Trump. 
I commend Senator  for waging an exciting campaign focused on important progressive issues about which so many of us care so deeply.
For the future of the country, I am committing my energies to the election of Secretary Clinton as the next President. 
At the end of today, let us again remember those who sacrificed all
 - and the rare leaders who do them justice.  
An American champion for the ages who followed his conscience. 
There is a lot that is working in America -- look at her cities: 
Fact and science-based reporting on the Bay vs. the ugly politics of Larry Hogan.  We can do better.  
.@realDonaldTrump Total wuss. Afraid to release his own tax returns.  America deserves better.
Met @JackGleeson_ last week Not like his alter ego Joffrey in bid for Iron Throne - Winter is coming!  
Nuestra política de inmigración no solo es injusta, es antiestadounidense 
Why won’t @realDonaldTrump release taxes? A) Not a billionaire B) Doesn’t pay them C) Audit=cheating.  
Unconscionable, unjust, and  women &amp; children - hardly the American Dream we hold in hearts. 
US Immigration Policy not only unjust - it's Un-American. Women &amp; children dealt the hardest blow. We can do better 
You can read more about the important work that @MetroLabNetwork does &amp; my involvement here: 
I'm excited to join @MetroLabNetwork as Sr Fellow &amp; Chair of Advisory Committee. Together, cities &amp; universities can solve urban challenges.
The GOP just anointed in @realDonaldTrump the most racist, fascist major party nominee in modern history. Let's go win this Democrats!
Congratulations to my friends @ChrisVanHollen &amp; @BrownforMD on their victories tonight. They will carry on MD's proud progressive tradition.
Had some fun outside the polls w/@WOM_alley &amp; snapped my prez endorsement in2 today's @Snapchat Live Story. Go vote! 
.@ChrisVanHollen is a progressive who will get results. Vote for him tomorrow &amp; turn out for him tonight!  
Harriet Tubman is a great American--&amp; Maryland--hero. Thrilled to see her courage &amp; contributions to our nation honored on the new $20 bill.
I stand w/millions of Americans urging SCOTUS to support  &amp; . Stop breaking up families &amp; senseless deportations.
.@OfficialJLD: I knew you were Presidential material when I saw your selfie skills. Break a leg.  
FACT: climate change is  best biz opportunity in 100 years. We can phase out reliance on fossil fuels by 2050, create 5M jobs along the way
It's simply disgraceful that the gun lobby has unprecedented immunity in this nation. Democrats need to stand up &amp; reverse this. 
Said this in 2012 about @MittRomney's tax returns, I'll say it today: @HillaryClinton should release the Wall Street transcripts 
Will be joining @Maddow at 9:15 PM- make sure to tune in!
The rumors are true: looking forward to visiting w/@maddow tomorrow. Can't promise any kilt conversations this time. Tune in! #2016 
Great speaking with @MoElleithee, @SamSteinHP, and the incredible students of @GUPolitics on the Hilltop last night. 
My heart breaks for the victims of this senseless violence in Brussels. We must must come together during these difficult times.
For more information about @ProjectDrawdown, visit 
We'll be mapping, measuring &amp; modeling the most impactful &amp; existing solutions to climate change to reduce our carbon footprint globally.
Very excited to join @PaulHawken and his team as a board member at @ProjectDrawdown. Climate change is real, and so too are the solutions.
 needs leaders like @JohnFetterman who are ready to embrace immigration reform rather than running away from it. 
RT @GrantMRodgers: The crowd erupted as @MartinOMalley arrived at Drake to speak to a caucus.  
15 minutes till doors close.  Iowa!
RT @omalleyforia:   
RT @omalleyforia:   
RT @TheGraceRogers: I'm so excited to caucus for @MartinOMalley!  
RT @thegr8brittan: Almost 8 months ago I committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley could not be more proud of that decision.  https…
Great start to the morning in Waterloo.   
RT @carleegriffeth: .@MartinOMalley tells a crowd of supporters outside Smokey Row to  tonight in  …
RT @omalleyforia: IT'S CAUCUS DAY!   
RT @JoJo_Sabine: Caucus Day: 6am viz, 10am canvassing, 7pm Caucusing for @MartinOMalley !    
Today is the day to . 
RT @ksosanie: 24 hours until .  for @MartinOMalley. 
RT @ksosanie: Full front yard here in Johnston as @MartinOMalley launches the afternoon GOTC canvass . 
We need to expand—not cut or “enhance”—Social Security so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley meeting with caucus goers at his Des Moines office   
Today, 50,000 veterans are homeless. As a nation, we cannot allow such an outcome for those who risked everything to keep us safe.
RT @omalleyforia: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about a plan for Comprehensive  Reform   …
Two days.   

RT @omalleyforia: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about :    …
Gracias @GabyPacheco1 for always fighting for New Americans and inclusion. Wishing you a speedy recovery. ¡Que te mejores! 
In MD, we protected &amp; cared for child refugees. Others were far less fortunate. We must keep all kids safe. - O'M 
This is a big step in our fight to close the pay gap -- one of my top goals for rebuilding the American dream. (2/2)
Thank you, @POTUS, for requiring companies to be transparent about pay. ] (1/2)
Glad to see Puerto Rico got a mention in the . As President I'll make sure our fellow citizens in the island are treated equally.
.@JohnKasich, it works better if you ask with a smile.   
 Iowa.

RT @omalleyforia: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about a 100% Clean Electric Grid:     https…
Great news out of Illinois.  
RT @mattcorridoni:  Torrent Brewing Company at capacity &amp;  goers lined up outside to meet @MartinOMalley  http…
RT @JacksonSump: Grinnell fired up to  for @MartinOMalley  
 at your caucus, Iowa.
Florida, stop with the self-deportation tactics.  is wrong.  We do not deny education to children in the United States. 
EJ's question: How will you ensure every child has the chance to receive a high-quality early education?

RT @omalleyforia: VIDEO: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about a 100% Clean Electric Grid!   
RT @JosephOHern: .@JakeOeth is all smiles to drop off the last round of  commit cards for @MartinOMalley @USPS   https:…
.@realDonaldTrump &amp; @RealSheriffJoe represent hate mongering at its worst. Outrageous to visit Marshalltown &amp; promise to rip families apart.
I changed my picture to . Join with me:
 
As president I will take the next step and fight to end solitary confinement for all young people.  (2/2)
Big, important step by @POTUS to limit solitary confinement. (1/2)
My message to O'Malley supporters across the state: Hold strong. America is looking for a new leader. 

RT @omalleyforia: Like what @MartinOMalley had to say at CNN's ?  today:   https…
Join those holding strong in our corner:  
Join our campaign now: 
Every American should have the opportunity to serve their country through national service. 
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050.  
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
Tune in now to the CNN  to watch Governor O’Malley! You can also stream it here: 
Iowa waltz!  
RT @Brian_Williams2: "Republicans aren't our enemies. They're our friends, our colleagues, our uncles." -@MartinOMalley 
RT @SimpsonCollege: .@MartinOMalley is speaking at Great Hall today, marking his second appearance at .  https…
My experience is that of an executive. A mayor and a governor. 
RT @omalleyforia: A packed house is gathering at @SimpsonCollege for @MartinOMalley   
"Young Iowans must stand up and choose the new leadership we want for our generation." Read a memo from IA students: 
RT @omalleyforia: VIDEO: From city to city and town to town, @MartinOMalley has campaigned the Iowa way  
RT @JakeOeth: We call @WOM_alley "the closer" as he signs up another @MartinOMalley supporter at Story Dems Soup supper  https://t…
RT @Latinos4OMalley: NOTICIA DE ÚLTIMA HORA: Periódico 'El Latino' de Iowa endorsa a @MartinOMalley para Presidente de  …
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley team and  today!    …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley taking questions at @BackpocketBrew in Coralville, IA   
RT @FreemanJeremyIA: @MartinOMalley @aarpia  talking about expanding  
RT @ksosanie: "Iowans lifted up the voice of a new  have work to do to build on Obama progress" -@MartinOMalley  https://t…
O’Malley’s Family Planning Works Act gave 35k low-income women access to free pregnancy counseling, contraception, cancer &amp; STI screenings.
RT @omalleyforia: VIDEO: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? New leadership to  &amp; stand up to the @NRA! 
I always stood up for women's health &amp; a woman's right to choose as Gov, I will never stop fighting for those rights as President. 
Why I'm  switching my vote from Sanders to O'Malley 
Today, big-money special interests have taken over our elections—it's time we act.  
RT @Telegraph_Chris: At antipoverty forum in Nashua, @MartinOMalley offers his vision to restore the American Dream for the middle class. h…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley addressing important Politics, Poverty and Presidency Forum in Nashua  
RT @elraymer: .@MartinOMalley kick starts the day with a packed room at New England College @omalleyfornh  …
I  who are standing up for safe schools. We should invest in education, not send students to schools w/known health risks
.@Juanes, I've been practicing “Bandera de Manos." Wish I could be there with you, @puenteaz &amp; Los Jornaleros Del Norte. 
"We do not return refugee kids who find themselves on our doorstep back into war-torn places." 
RT @omalleyforia: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with @realbencarson’s campaign staff, volunteers, &amp; the Joplin family tonight after a terrible…
Within 35 yrs, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
RT @omalleyforia: Praying for a speedy and healthy recovery for the @RealBenCarson volunteers and staff involved in today’s accident.
RT @ChouBenjamin: Why will  voters vote 4 @MartinOMalley? B/c for the 1st time a candidate has gone all out for  equality since …
In 2010, O’Malley extended health care and other benefits to same-sex couples.
.@TheDailyShow Just 30 more characters please? 
Sign Gov. O’Malley’s Birthday card. Wish him a Happy 53!  
Now more than ever we need to hold true to the life and spirit of Dr. King. There is no place in our country for quiet injustice. 
Thanks to my friend and @GOVERNING Public Official of the Year @CountyExecBaker for supporting me in last nights SC 
My two youngest, William and Jack, always make me LOL. -O'M 
Will you help wish Governor O’Malley a Happy 53rd Birthday? Sign his card: 
RT @ABCPolitics: After last night's , @MartinOMalley marches in South Carolina in memory of Martin Luther King, Jr. …
Our shared beliefs will bring us to the new era of American progress. Now is the time to join the campaign: 
RT @ABCPolitics: .@MartinOMalley slams @realDonaldTrump's "fascist appeals" that try to "vilify American Muslims."  …
RT @MSNBC: Why @MartinOMalley thinks the greatest new business opportunity in years is climate change:  …
Watch Governor O'Malley fundraise on Wall Street. 

We cannot keep talking past each other. We are one. We must help each other if we want to succeed. 
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
I have been consistent on our need to pass comprehensive gun safety legislation.  
1. Increase wages for all Americans
2. 100% clean electric grid
3. New agenda for American cities

Tune in now!  
Only 1 hour left till the start of the last Democratic debate before the Iowa Caucuses. Let us know you’re watching: 
RT @omalleyforia: As the @MartinOMalley team gets ready for tonight's , RSVP a Debate Watch Party:   https…
Throughout our history, infrastructure development has underpinned every wave of economic growth—and transit should come next.
Let us know that you will be watching the debate tonight:  
Thank you South Carolina. Let’s join together and build on the successes of the past 8 years.  
As the Democratic Party, we must overturn Citizens United, and work state by state to make the Right to Vote a Constitutional Amendment.
I have a message for the @NRA:  one American life is worth more than all the gun sales in America. 
The answer to cancer isn’t more cancer.
The answer to poverty isn’t more poverty.
And the answer to gun deaths is NOT more guns. 
Now it’s up to us. If we don’t build on @POTUS’ legacy, we will surely backslide into something we don’t even want to imagine. 
I’m here to challenge you to do what you’ve done before: to point the way forward for our country by lifting up new leadership. 
We are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place. 
No family should pay more than 10% of their income on safe, affordable childcare in a given year. 
Great news on the release of Jason Rezaian and others. Memo to Republican candidates: diplomacy beats carpet bombing.
The best federal programs give mayors the flexibility they need to invest in the communities that need help the most 
As President, I will fight to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, however and wherever we can.
RT @CornellCollege: We just posted photos from the @MartinOMalley campaign event at  
We can make a quality education available to every child in America by investing in universal pre-K. 
RT @CornellCollege: @MartinOMalley leads an interactive exercise on personal earnings over time with audience members. …
Me uno a todos luchando para que las acciones ejecutivas de inmigración sigan en marcha .  debe darle una audiencia a  y .
I stand with all those fighting to  today.  should give  &amp;  their day in court.
Great news: @POTUS is halting coal leases on federal lands. This is a critical step to get to . 
RT @DREAMIowa: @MartinOMalley  supports our efforts for tuition equity in Iowa   @HectorASalamanc  https://t…
Reckless decisions exposed children in Flint—many poor and black—to poison. Elected officials did nothing. It's time for justice. (2/2)
As a father, the Flint water crisis breaks my heart—and as a mayor &amp; gov, it makes me spitting mad. This should not happen in America. (1/2)
I will fight to finally enact the Paycheck Fairness Act, holding employers who discriminate in pay accountable. 
 was ultimate . If you think we can do better, need new leadership to build on @POTUS' progress visit: 
As President, I will lobby for, pass, and implement the Schedules That Work Act to give workers more control over their schedules.
Read the 11 rights in my American Worker's Bill Of Rights for the 21st Century: 
Read why I am proposing a 21st Century Workers' Bill of Rights on @Medium: 
Estoy de acuerdo con @NHLAgenda. Debemos desafiar a Wall St. y permitir a Puerto Rico renegociar su deuda.  
I agree w/ @NHLAgenda. We must stand up to Wall Street and allow Puerto Rico to renegotiate its debt.  
RT @HolleSharon: Who challenged the NRA and passed tough gun legislation?  @MartinOMalley    …
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
In 2012, O’Malley signed marriage equality into law—and Maryland became the first to defend this by popular vote.
No POTUS in modern times inherited bigger challenges than @POTUS. Blessed for his leadership, thankful for his service. Let's build on it.
Yes, let's make it easier to vote. Let's make the right to vote a constitutional right for every American. 
 indeed does not represent a great world religion—we can't give in to fear &amp; allow divisive voices to scapegoat American Muslims 
.@POTUS made our energy cleaner and safer. I'm calling for  to finish the job.  
.@POTUS is right: we shouldn't weaken Social Security, we must expand it. 
We must give *every* student the option of debt-free college. I've set a goal of doing it in the next 5 years. 
FACT: Thanks to @POTUS' leadership, we have seen 70 straights months of positive job growth. We are stronger today b/c of him. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Pre-SOTU phone bank at Manch HQ. Talking w/ voters about how @MartinOMalley will build off of @BarackObama progress https…
We need to double our Peace Corps so more Americans can serve as ambassadors around the world.  
Join our campaign now! 
RT @RockTheVote: .@MartinOMalley to : It’s easy to become  But we will come through this divided time. @ThisIsFus…
RT @omalleyforia: READ @MartinOMalley's plan for  within five years:    https://t.…
Tune in now to see the Governor on stage at the @ThisIsFusion Brown &amp; Black Presidential Forum!  
Make sure to tune in tonight! 
I expanded collective bargaining rights for public employee unions as Gov. and I will protect &amp; strengthen them as President. 
Crucial  sides w/ teachers and middle class families in  who want to , not right-wing billionaires.
Happening now: Gov. O’Malley addressing @NoLabelsOrg 
After two failed attempts, Governor O’Malley forged a new consensus and abolished the death penalty in Maryland.
RT @omalleyforia: Hey @ThisIsFusion, the enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence, it is the Statue of Liberty - O'M http…
RT @UniPolitica: .@MartinOMalley condenó redadas y deportaciones de inmigrantes en Iowa  
RT @omalleyforia: Hey @ThisIsFusion, I loved your  videos – here are some answers! - O'M  
RT @CCCAction: Gov @MartinOMalley with grassroots leaders on the stage.  
RT @CCCAction: .@MartinOMalley @   Pres. forum:  "I'm the only candidate in the race w/ a plan to invest in our cities" https://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley team and  today:   
LIVE on  
Great start to the O’Malley Unplugged: The New Leadership Tour the other night in Des Moines, IA. 
This isn’t the Apprentice. Media execs shouldn’t be able to fire ppl from the debate stage. The voters should get to make an informed choice
This election is not up to NBC executives. It's up to the voters. We must not let NBC dictate which candidates voters get to hear from.
LIVE on : O'Malley Unplugged - Davenport, IA  
Let’s make background checks universal and close dangerous loopholes. Read my full plan:  
RT @ChouBenjamin: 8am = 8 caucus cards from ,  activists. This is how we win  @MartinOMalley @taylorvdk42 …
I applaud @POTUS - it's time to . Read how I would build on the progress he plans to make 
RT @UniPolitica: ¿Sabes quién es @MartinOMalley y por qué se lanzó a la presidencia? Conócelo en 10 preguntas 
…
Join me in supporting the .  
RT @omalleyfornh: Great to have the @POLIRams stop by headquarters  
RT @MichaelE_ECLV: "New leadership and getting things done." @MartinOMalley  
There is nothing so divided about our nation's politics that new leadership and our love for one another cannot heal.
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—read my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream. 
We must win this election. And we must fight like the future of our country depends on us. Join our campaign now: 
Well @realDonaldTrump, when you launch your registry of Americans who oppose your fascist ideas, you can START WITH ME! 
Our diversity is our strength. We are a nation of nations. America is made stronger in every generation by the arrival of New Americans.
Now it’s up to us. We must build on President Obama's legacy or we will surely backslide into a very bad detour. 
Talk to young Americans and you will see that we are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place.

Watch the Governor address the Nevada Battleground Dinner 

Getting ready for the Nevada First in the West Caucus Dinner.  
Outrageous. An example of why I oppose . Trade deals shouldn't value corporate profits over national interests. 
Solving the problems at the VA &amp; providing the world-class care our veterans deserve will require good governance and innovative leadership.
What has this country come to when you can get pulled over for a broken taillight, but if you wreck the nation’s economy you’re untouchable?
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now @MartinOMalley live streaming into the New Hampshire Primary Student Convention  …
.@TedCruz's attacks on @POTUS are disgraceful—his fear &amp; division will make us weaker. @POTUS's gun safety reforms will make us stronger.
Iowa Organizers Cath and Kiera love when people commit to caucus. Do it now:   
.@POTUS is right to act—every day we spend debating gun control is a day that we lose lives. One life is worth more than all gun sales. -O'M
It’s not acceptable that firearms kill more than 32,000 Americans each year.  
My plan to end Too Big To Fail: 1. A modern Glass-Steagall. 2. Capital requirements for big banks. 3. Living wills: 
7. Strengthen enforcement and audits of licensed dealers. 
6. Require the responsible storage of guns at home. 
5. Alert law enforcement of failed gun sales. 
4. Ban “cop-killer” ammunition. 
3. Disarm and prosecute domestic abusers who break the law. 
2. Stop defending—and work to overturn—gun dealer immunity. 
1. Use procurement contracts to advance gun safety. 
Given GOP refusal to act, @POTUS is right to take exec action on gun safety—here are 7 actions I'd take as President 
We have a moral obligation to act immediately and aggressively to stop climate change.
RT @ThisWeekInIowa: Miss Sunday's 'This Week in Iowa' with @MartinOMalley? Stream it online here:  …
RT @momimbored: I'm just here making some calls with my favorite presidential candidate @MartinOMalley   …
We should restore cuts to key nutrition programs like SNAP that put food on the table for our children, seniors and veterans.
Watch Gov. O'Malley try to make an honest buck on Wall Street.

RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley meeting every caucus goer and asking for their support to    https:…
RT @ksosanie: Full room ready for @MartinOMalley in West Des Moines this morning.  
Happy New Year!
Just hours left to be on our list as a supporter who joined in 2015. Make sure you’re next:  
RT @Respect_Ability: ICYMI: @WOM_alley talks about his dad @MartinOMalley's record on disabilities   https:…
RT @WOM_alley: .@MartinOMalley killed it on the doors today. Truly gave me a run for my money.  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley's son explains the miniVAN (doorknocking app) program to his dad  
Our outdated immigration laws no longer meet our economic needs, our national security imperatives, or our values as a people.
Will you join our campaign before the end of the year? 
We can’t just sit by and wait for another tragedy to happen again. We need comprehensive gun safety laws to save lives.
There is a lot more that unites us than divides us.

"(Our work) means never slamming our door on refugees who are fleeing genocide and death,” @DMRegister: 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe now!
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming up  @MartinOMalley  
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 7:15 ET to watch the Governor live!
RT @omalleyforia: Happy Birthday Iowa! On this day in 1846 Iowa became the 29th state in our Union.  
We must strive to make our “corrections” facilities actually achieve rehabilitation.
As President, I will establish a national dashboard on overdose and addiction to monitor the problem, and track our response nationwide.
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley is speaking to a packed house at the Des Moines Social Club for the STAR PAC endorsement  https:…
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality.  
Every American should have the opportunity to serve his or her country through national service. 
Great video from our team out in Iowa.  
A very Merry Christmas to all!
A Christmas Refugee Roundup sounds like something @realDonaldTrump would concoct. Remember: Jesus was a refugee child who fled death gangs.
Las redadas q @DHSgov planea en estás fiestas contra refugiados centroamericanos que huyen de la muerte son inmoral. Somos mejores que esto.
.@DHSgov holiday plans for raids to round up/deport Central American refugees fleeing death are wrong. We are a better nation than this.
O’Malley signed the MD Lilly Ledbetter Civil Rights Restoration Act, cracking down on unequal pay for women.
I agree with @StephenCurry30, @CP3 &amp; @carmeloanthony. Gun violence is an epidemic. We need act immediately 
Spent the morning volunteering at @CC_MD with @WOM_alley. A great tradition of giving back during the holiday season 
I'm the only candidate, and hopefully not the last, to put forward a plan to move us to a 100% clean electric grid by 2050.
RT @nhpr: Watch: Martin O'Malley makes a (literal) elevator pitch for NH Primary votes   
's case shows that we need to do more than . We must continue the fight for meaningful criminal justice reform.
RT @omalleyfornh: Days not over -- @MartinOMalley kicking off  town hall in Windham  
RT @kyork20: Candidate day here @Dyn talking innovation economy. Welcome @MartinOMalley to our HQ in New Hampshire! 
.@US_FDA should lift blood ban on gay and bisexual men. A 1 year ban is still discriminatory and doesn't look at actual risk factors. 
Gov. O’Malley has laid out 15 progressive goals to Rebuild the American Dream. Read them here:  
RT @MattSheaff: .@MartinOMalley talking about an economy that works for everyone with a demonstration at Concord High  https://t…
RT @JoJo_Sabine: .@MartinOMalley volunteers celebrating the holidays together. We love our vols!!  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicks off New Leadership Town Hall in Manchester  
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley campaign today! Sign up here:   
…
RT @AVusk: .@MartinOMalley kicks off the barnstorming  tour after the NH debate!   
RT @CNNgo: Fresh off the  stage, catch @MartinOMalley next on . Watch @CNN on  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now @MartinOMalley on CNN State of the Union live from Manchester   
RT @CBSNews: In closing  statement, @MartinOMalley criticizes Republican candidates:  …
Join this campaign now: 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free.

We need to build a firewall between speculative and commercial banking. Only Glass-Steagall can do that: 
RT @PPact: Under @MartinOMalley, MD was ranked by @CAPAction as best state for women based on: economics, leadership &amp; health.   …
Hey @TomSteyer - important message. That's why we have forth a plan to get the  to   
RT @voxdotcom: "I believe we need to focus on defeating ISIL, that is the clear and present danger." — @MartinOMalley
RT @CBSNLive: .@MartinOMalley reaffirms his stance on Syrian refugees at : 
We must continue to be a compassionate and generous people. We must do our part and accept more Syrian refugees. 
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@MartinOMalley on gun control: "What we need on this issue is not more polls, we need more principles." …
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my plan here:  
We must come together and hold true to the values and freedoms that unite us. 
Here we go! Join our campaign now:
 
RT @Lis_Smith: PHOTO: @MartinOMalley addressing house parties across America pre-  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley pumping up his supporters before heading in to ! 
RT @elraymer: Team @omalleyfornh lighting up the night! @MartinOMalley   
RT @maryaliceparks: Martin O'Malley's son is still outside with the crowd  
RT @MattSheaff: Grace O'Malley stops by the the @omalleyfornh viz station  
RT @Lis_Smith: PHOTO: @MartinOMalley doing his debate walk through at @SaintAnselm  
RT @omalleyfornh: Team @MartinOMalley gives a big high-five to @SavetheChildren!  
Let us know that you will be watching tonight!   
RT @CNNSotu: Democratic Presidential Candidate @MartinOMalley will talk to @jaketapper the morning after the debate on  …
Gov. O’Malley passed the Maryland Parental Leave Act, expanding family leave for thousands in the state.
RT @nytopinion: The main problem facing America, according to Martin O’Malley:  
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law.
O’Malley created the Commission on Climate Change to reduce global warming and to prepare the state for climate change.
 to when @brendon310 joined me to stand up for marriage equality in MD AND the @Ravens won the super bowl 
Yes, the politics of higher purpose—that’s what’s always drawn me to public service. 
We filed to be on the ballot in Ohio today. Thanks to Mayor Elkins and all the volunteers &amp; supporters who helped! 
"My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers."

We will never be able to meet our  targets if we build more dirty fossil fuel infrastructure. -O'M (2/2)
Lifting the crude oil export ban will raise energy prices for American families and block our transition to clean energy . (1/2)
Don’t like what you are hearing during the ? Join our campaign now: 
RT @thenyic: RT @StevenOFA: .@MartinOMalley addressing the  caucus at  about basic human dignity @thenyic @AAAJ_AAJC https://t.…
Strength at home is not just about security. It’s about our values. It is about our ability to do justice. It is about our compassion.
The Governor at  
Anyone can talk about it, but we actually did it. Del dicho al hecho hay mucho trecho.
RT @npnewamericans: LIVE on : Martin O'Malley at   
RT @thenyic: meeting w Bangladeshi  @DesisRisingUp, @MartinOMalley hears abt conditions in detention centers  …
The enduring symbol of our nation is not a barbed wire fence it is the Statue of Liberty. 
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan here: 
.@Ted_Strickland signing my petition to get on the ballot in the great state of Ohio. Thanks for your help! 
It is unacceptable that firearms kill more than 32,000 Americans each year.
As a father, the tragedy at  weighs deeply on my heart today. We must enact real gun safety laws &amp; prevent future tragedies.
Let’s pass common sense measures like mandatory gun licensing, waiting periods, and age restrictions. They work: 
Under O’Malley, Education Week ranked Maryland’s K-12 school system #1 an unprecedented five years in a row.
Mr. Trump—when you start your registry of people who oppose your backward, un-American ideas. You can START WITH ME!

RT @Latinos4OMalley: . We are made stronger by including more people, more fully in the economic, social and political …
Now the  needs to do what it does best—lead with action. We need full  transition to clean energy.  
Congrats  on the . The pact sets ambitious goals to fight climate change. As POTUS, I will hold the world to them. -O'M
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
RT @omalleyforia: FROM the FIELD: Join the @MartinOMalley team today!  here:   …
RT @ChicagoHarris: Check out the photo album from our Dec. 3 event, "A Conversation with Martin O'Malley":  https://…
Thanks to @MuhammadAli, aka the Greatest, for speaking against hateful, anti-Muslim proposals from @realDonaldTrump 
RT @nowthisnews: .@MartinOMalley literally stood with Muslims, becomes first 2016 candidate to visit a mosque

That means equal protection under the law. And that means religious liberty for all. (2/2)
The 1st responsibility of the president is to uphold the Constitution—that means no religious test for our president, or for refugees. (1/2)
Leadership is about the courage to call upon our goodness as a people to move us forward. 
We must continue to be a compassionate &amp; generous people. We must do our part and stand up against the hateful rhetoric of @realDonaldTrump.
RT @ziadtheactivist: As an  youth these days I've often been heartbroken. THANKFUL that @MartinOMalley has just filled my he…
We are all in this together. We will always be stronger as one nation. 
Together, inshallah, we will overcome these challenges.
WATCH LIVE: The Governor at the ADAMS Center: 
Meeting scouts at the ADAMS Center mosque. The American flag pole here was built as an Eagle Scout project. 
At 12:00PM ET, The Governor will give remarks at the ADAMS Center. You can WATCH here: 
Don't give a damn abt your thoughts on me. Stop jailing women, children. You subvert our American values every day. 
New Americans have endured the uncertainty and fear of legislative inaction for far too long. My plan:  
RT @GabiDomenzain: LIVE on : @MartinOmalley @puenteaz call to end immigrant detention 
RT @Latinos4OMalley: Hoy a las 5 pm MT: Únanse conmigo y @PuenteAZ frente a la cárcel de @RealSheriffJoe's de la 4th Ave para hacer un llam…
Today at 5pm MT: Stand with me and @PuenteAZ in front of @RealSheriffJoe’s 4th Ave Jail to continue our call to .
Will I take executive action to advance gun safety? Yes—by using federal procurement contracts. Read more: 
An O’Malley admin would immediately extend executive action to safeguard at least 9 million New Americans from deportation.
With over 7,000 signatures, I'll officially be on the ballot in VA. Thank you to all the volunteers who helped. 
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
RT @zytehamel: Students who couldn't fit in room watching from every place they can to see @MartinOMalley talk @UCBerkeley #2016 https://t.…
RT @Cheyenne___M: Welcome to Cal, .@MartinOMalley 
RT @cbrewsayso: "My dad went to college on the GI Bill, my daughters went to college on a mountain of bills!" -@MartinOMalley at @berkeleyf…
RT @berkeleyforum: Our @MartinOMalley event is beginning very shortly! Join us at Sibley Auditorium now to save your seat 
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality. Love is love. 
We must give DOJ the resources it needs. My criminal justice plan would make the DOJ a better backstop for justice. 
Four tough questions from the First in The South Forum.

In 2012, O’Malley signed marriage equality into law—and Maryland became the first to defend this by popular vote thanks to his leadership.
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Hey @AARPNH here’s @MartinOMalley full, detailed, progressive plan to expand Social Security  …
RT @AARPadvocates: .@SpradNH and @MattSheaff discuss @MartinOMalley plans for Social Security.  
RT @DavidRedlawsk: .@MartinOMalley Great nations do not store up legacy wealth by storing cash in a closet. Calls for infrastructure/human …
RT @vogt_for_nicky: "My parents taught me public service is a noble service to others"- @MartinOMalley    https://t.…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley at U of IA: "starting w/ issue of great importance-congrats on going to the Rose Bowl!"  …
Congrats to Trump Hotel workers in Las Vegas who expressed their right to join a union! I stand w/ you now &amp; always 
RT @omalleyforia: Kicking off @TechnologyIowa's tech townhall in Cedar Rapids   
El pueblo de Venezuela alzo sus voces. Hoy es un gran día para la Democracia y el futuro de Venezuela.
The people of Venezuela have spoken. This is a great day for their Democracy and future.
.@realdonaldtrump removes all doubt: he is running for President as a fascist demagogue.
Sliver of good news: SCOTUS OK's assault weapons ban &amp; MD's law will stand. Now let's pass a national ban. 
RT @petejeffries: Presidential Leadership is needed to update  says Gov @MartinOMalley @AARPIA   https…
RT @omalleyforia: Hey @AARP, check out our plan to expand--not just enhance--Social Security here:   #…
Within 35 years, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
Happy Hanukkah to all celebrating the Festival of Lights. -O'M
It is time to stand up for our values and call for the expansion Social Security.  
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050. 
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland. 
.@RealBenCarson's comments abt LGBT &amp; women servicemembers are disgusting. Anyone who can/wants to serve should be able to—openly &amp; w/ pride
RT @ChsDems: The Democratic Party standing strong. Here with @MartinOMalley at a Presidential Town Hall in Charleston SC …
DOJ is wrong. They must stop insisting that detaining mothers and children is right and  
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan here: 
We need a leader who will take a strong stance on an archaic and racially biased practice. We must abolish the death penalty.
I agree—this is a "moral outrage &amp; nat'l disgrace." If Congress doesn't have courage to act, let's use EOs. -O'M 
RT @_keithmorgan: At the DPA Holiday Party. @MartinOMalley meeting with Arkansans and gave a great speech! 
RT @HigherEduSmith: @MartinOMalley addressing issues ranging from higher education, gun control, and other issues at @PhilanderSmith. https…
 to meeting the @DalaiLama with @WOM_alley when His Holiness spoke at the @UofMaryland 2 years ago. 
.@nhpr timeline takes close look at Dem candidates on gun control. Proud to stand up to @NRA, where were the others? 
Thanks to the 1,000+ rabbis who signed this letter. I agree, the US needs to be a moral leader and accept refugees. 
Secretary Carter is moving our military forward. All qualified to serve should be able to.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Miss any of @MartinOMalley's recent NH swing? Take a look at this short recap   …
Call on elected officials NOW to stand up the @NRA. Terror suspects can't fly, but they can buy assault weapons 
RT @ThisIsFusion: Martin O’Malley says San Bernardino rampage might finally force change in gun laws  …
.@URJ @RJCHQ I urge the same - this violence must stop! I am proposing these bold executive actions on day 1 
RT @carl_chirinos: When in  @MartinOMalley @UniNoticias @jorgeramosnews @UniPolitica 
Horrifying news out of . Enough is enough: it's time to stand up to the @NRA and enact meaningful gun safety laws
.@aseitzwald also - birth of the new hashtag, 
Loved sitting down with @TexasTravesty - though I still prefer "eagle" to  
Disgraceful. The House GOP should put safety ahead of @NRA priorities 
RT @ksosanie: Check it out: @AbenaAbraham trains O'Malley Natl Campaign Manager @dave_hamrick for night of  phonebanking https://t…
Excited to speak with @UVA students tonight 
Outrageous--as @POTUS meets w/ world leaders to fight climate change, the GOP undermines US leadership  
America can bring the world together &amp; end the scourge of AIDS. As POTUS, I will redouble HIV research,treatment, &amp; prevention 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley signs the famous fridge at the @ConwayDailySun  
RT @elraymer: .@MartinOMalley takes questions at the Gibson Center in Conway  @omalleyfornh 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley touring Velcro Companies in Manchester  
RT @KristiStL: @MartinOMalley America works best when the left wing &amp; the right wing are both flapping.    https://t…
Let us stand up together, and say, the enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence— it is the Statue of Liberty! 
We must take action, together, to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour—wherever and however we can! 
As Democrats, as Americans, we must not run away from the Obama-Biden record of progress, but to build upon what we have achieved. 
WATCH LIVE: The Governor at the @NHDems JJ Dinner: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley greeting supporters prior to JJ  
Support the candidate who believes in . Sign up now: 
RT @Liam5music: It was a pleasure meeting @MartinOMalley  at the Jefferson Jackson dinner! 
RT @katie_bm: Thank you @MartinOMalley for tickets to the  dinner     …
RT @MikeCroninWMUR: .@MartinOMalley meets w/ supporters outside Radisson before Democrats JJ Dinner   …
Excited for the @NHDems JJ Dinner tonight. Will you be watching?  
Watch me answer a @MoveOn member's question on  
Today in America, one in five children are living in poverty, without enough to eat. This is unacceptable. 
My thoughts and prayers are with those in Colorado. 
Shopping today? Check out  for some cool gear.
RT @omalleyforia: Happy Thanksgiving from the @MartinOMalley team to you and yours! Watch what we are thankful for here: …
What are you thankful for?  
Wishing all a very Happy Thanksgiving.
RT @omalleyforia: ICYMI: The @MartinOMalley team getting ready for last months @iowademocrats JJ Dinner:   …
RT @SuzGamboa: Martin O'Malley Sings Of Farmworkers, Highlights Immigration  
As Governor, O’Malley was selected by his fellow peers to co-chair the NGA’s Special Committee on Homeland Security and Public Safety.
RT @IAStartingLine: ICYMI: A Day In The Life Of A @MartinOMalley Field Organizer 
 
Goal: ensure access to health care for all, increasing the insurance rate to 95% by 2020. Here’s how to do it: 
Every American deserves the opportunity to live a healthy life. My plan for health care in America: 
Thank you @GovSteveBeshear. The federal government must follow KY &amp; MD's lead &amp; restore voting rights to people with felony records.
In 2003, O’Malley was selected by his fellow mayors to co-chair the  Conference of Mayors’ Homeland Security Task Force.
O’Malley stood up for transgender Marylanders, signing comprehensive legislation banning gender identity discrimination.
Addressing climate change is a moral &amp; national security imperative. That's why I'm calling for : 
Support the candidate who believes in . Join our campaign for  now: 
As POTUS I will fight mergers that offshore taxes and jobs, while aggressively enforcing our antitrust laws. 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicking off our first event today in Bedford  
RT @omalleyfornh: In today's Concord Monitor: "@MartinOMalley is type of new leader nation needs"  
Something is wrong w/ today's GOP when a  protester is beaten up at a rally &amp; front-runner @realDonaldTrump says maybe he deserved it.
Thank you for giving names to the nameless.  
Proven prevention and treatment strategies are underutilized. Funding for treatment programs is insufficient. 
RT @GStephanopoulos: Sunday on @ThisWeekABC, I’ll talk to Democratic presidential candidate @MartinOMalley.
Read my full plan here:  
The Governor is about to take the stage at the . Watch: 
RT @scdp: Just now: @MartinOMalley filing for our  primary!   
WATCH: The Governor is on stage now for , 
Goal 9: Reform our criminal justice system to save and redeem lives.   
To honor the one year DAPA anniversary, we'd like to sing you a song. Families shouldn't live in fear of separation. 
As we honor lives lost this yr, let’s end unnecessary detention, fight bullying, expand mental healthcare services &amp; pass  
In times of crisis it's very important for leaders to remind us of the principles that we share as a people, the values we have as a people.
Gracias a @jorgesuarezsena @RepSoniaPacheco, @bianchi2016, @nelsonalcalde16 por su apoyo en @NHCSL.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@MartinOMalley: Obama's leadership is far preferable to rushed and cowardly vote that they had in the House ystdy. https:…
RT @Morning_Joe: How would @MartinOMalley defeat ISIS? The Democratic presidential candidate joins us next.  …
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 8:30 ET to see the Governor.
Tune in to @maddow now to see the Governor!
RT @AnnaMolas: Packed room in  tonight! @MartinOMalley rocked it!  
TONIGHT: Check out the Governor on @maddow at 9:30 ET. 
RT @bpolitics: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley joins  + analysis of latest @bpolitics national polls  …
RT @bpolitics: Coming up at 5pm ET, @MartinOMalley joins  on @BloombergTV  
RT @omalleyforia: We are a generous &amp; compassionate nation. Mayor Taylor is right, we should welcome the Syrian refugees …
Syrian refugees are fleeing the very same violence we saw in Paris. We must stay true to who we are. 
.@realdonaldtrump, America was founded to protect religious freedom. You would destroy it. 
“My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers”

In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland. 
RT @nowthisnews: When it comes to being commander-in-chief of Donald Trump insults, nobody touches @MartinOMalley

We must use the power of the federal purse to advance gun safety through procurement contracts. Read more: 
RT @omalleyforia: Missed @MartinOMalley's new endorsements? Read about all 28 of them here:   …
The @NRA has blocked research on saving lives from gun violence. I stand with those fighting for change. 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free. 
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.  
.@HillaryClinton is right: I do support paid family leave. She should tell the American people how she'd actually pay for it.
We cannot be a moral leader, we cannot be credible on the battlefield, if we shirk our responsibilities on this humanitarian front.
R's turn away refugees but protect terrorists' right to buy guns. I agree with @SenFeinstein—this must end now. 
RT @omalleyforia: Dubuque Auditor Denise Dolan committing to caucus for @MartinOMalley  
Happy to have 28 new endorsements in Iowa!  
This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world religion.

.@ChrisChristie in what world do three-year-olds need to be vetted for anything? This is heartless and unAmerican. 
RT @NicholsUprising: The President is right to reject scapegoating of Syrian refugees. @MartinOMalley is right to stand with Obama. https:/…
They are rejecting our values in the face of fear &amp; ignorance. Keeping America safe and staying true to who we are is not a zero-sum choice.
Republican Governors in 13 states have now called for the rejection of Syrian refugees fleeing the very same violence we saw in Paris. (1/2)
RT @omalleyforia: Packed coffee house for @MartinOMalley with Luther students and Decorah residents at Java John's!  …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley meeting with caucus goers in Decorah   
RT @ksosanie: Full classroom at Wartburg College for @MartinOMalley  townhall.  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking to a room full of students at @WartburgCollege  
Take it from the New England Journal of Medicine @NEJM: Maryland can be a national leader in health care reform. 
“You’ll never hear this from that immigrant-bashing carnival-barker Donald Trump…” 

We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley receives a standing ovation at the Story County Democrats Fall BBQ   …
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality. Love is love. Join if you agree: 
 
Want to be a part of this? Join our campaign now:   
"My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers.” 

"This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world religion." 

RT @MarkHalperin: My short post-debate interview w/ a happy @MartinOMalley on his boffo perf. 
RT @ajplus: In the wake of Paris, here is what Martin O'Malley had to say about Muslim Americans:

RT @WalterDeleonDC: Had fun cheering for @MartinOMalley tonight with friends! Great performance during the  Gov!  htt…
RT @SarahBeckman3: .@MartinOMalley sticking around to shake hands and take pictures with supporters.   …
RT @IAStartingLine: "On to victory, 80 days to go!" @MartinOMalley tells crowd in Beaverdale  
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley doing his bar stool thing at saints thanking volunteers, staff and supporters!  …
RT @SarahBeckman3: Lots of chanting waiting for @MartinOMalley at his after  party at Saints.  
RT @BostonGlobe: Martin O'Malley on the economy during tonight's :  
RT @ItsMollyC: @MartinOMalley Thank you for reminding us there is a human side to war and immigration, not just numbers and rhetoric! Clear…
RT @hankselby: @MartinOMalley was solid at the  tonight. The man never fails to impress with his quick responses and smart soluti…
RT @MSNBC: .@MartinOMalley slams Trump as "immigrant-bashing carnival barker":    …
RT @samgrayia: Solid wins for both @MartinOMalley and @TheIowaHawkeyes!!!
This was our moment. Donate whatever you can right now.  
 
Support the candidate who believes in . Join our campaign now: ​
  
RT @ThisWeekABC: O'Malley calls for debt-free college, notes his daughters went to school "on a mountain of bills."  …
Governor O’Malley took action to freeze tuition at public institutions—and it worked.  
I believe now more than ever we need criminal justice reform. We can &amp; must do better.  
Gov. O’Malley tried to make an honest buck on Wall Street. Watch:  And help him out: 
FACT: Under O’Malley’s leadership, Baltimore drove down crime faster than any other major  city. 
In Maryland, Governor O'Malley put in place the strongest gun safety legislation in the nation.  
What did people say about @HillaryClinton’s Wall Street plan? See for yourself.  
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law.  
My plan starts w/ providing deferred action to the greatest possible number of New Americans. Read more:  
Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now.  
RT @PPact: As Gov of MD, @MartinOMalley signed the MD Lilly Ledbetter Civil Rights Restoration Act &amp; Maryland Parental Leave Act into law #…
  
“A big part of MD’s success comes from a four-year tuition freeze, which Gov. O’Malley implemented.”  
Under O’Malley, Education Week ranked Maryland’s K-12 school system #1 an unprecedented five years in a row. 
A mother of a service member to Governor O’Malley: "My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers.” 
RT @ABCPolitics: .@MartinOMalley quotes a mother of military service member: "My son is more than a pair of boots on the ground." 
Governor O’Malley is backstage prepping for . Tune in to watch LIVE at 9pm ET.  
 
Let us listen to voices throughout the globe that speak of love, unity and peace. 
Heartbreaking news from Paris. Praying for the country and its people. -O'M
This case could destroy Roe v. Wade. As POTUS, I'll fight to defend a woman’s right to choose. 
RT @MamaRedfield: Off to Iowa  time to attend the debate as guests of @MartinOMalley. Honored to stand with this man who's about …
RT @omalleyforia: Tomorrow is the first  in Iowa – RT if you’re watching and rooting for @martinomalley!  
Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now. 
RT @TXDemParty: Full house for @MartinOMalley at tonight's @UTAustin meet and greet. 
RT @TXDemParty: We must have immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship. - @MartinOMalley 
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
Gracias a la Familia Ramírez por recibirme. ¡Seguiré luchando por ustedes y todos los Nuevos Americanos!  
RT @MarkW_KVUE: Immigrant mother hands @MartinOMalley two graduation tassels, saying, "These are the dreams of each of my children." https:…
RT @MarkW_KVUE: In Austin today, @MartinOMalley arrives for lunch w immigrant family, talking DREAM Act &amp; 2016 
RT @jrud: .@MartinOMalley is in East Austin eating w/Ramirez family. Parents, Manuel and Adriana, are undocumented citizens. …
RT @JuanSaaa: La familia Ramirez tendrá la oportunidad de compartir su historia con @MartinOMalley  
"I want to thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for standing up to the @NRA more than any other candidate"


RT @overheardpbs: "Have to run on [Pres Obama's] record." @MartinOMalley says. "A mistake if we fail to run on progress made in last 8 year…
Happening now! Tune in. 
RT @overheardpbs: "Breaking up families does not help" USA @MartinOMalley says. "It's wrong, it cuts against who we are as a nation." …
Watch the Governor on
@overheardpbs with Evan Smith:

Looking forward to meeting the Ramirez family &amp; sharing a meal w/ a New American family that can show us how  is good for our country.
Tearing a child from their family is disgraceful. As POTUS, I would end discrimination in adoption and foster care. 
I will provide long-overdue justice for LGBT veterans whose only transgression was being true to who they are. 
Unemployment among post-9/11 vets is 2x the national average—this is unacceptable. We must do right by our heroes: 
Read more about my conversation with @1MagBastard making his way across the country for his comrades:  
Happy Festival of Lights to all who are celebrating in the United States and around the world. 
Here is a picture of my father with his B-24 crew, training in Nevada before deploying to the Pacific.  
Today I called a “Magnificent Bastard” walking across America. Thanks for your service, Jon. We are cheering you on. 
I wrote @IKEAUSA today letting them know I , @UFCW, and every worker who wants to unionize! 
Veterans Day 10 years ago. Last picture taken of my dad &amp; me together. Thanks to all who have served.  
To all of our veterans—thank you. Your commitment, bravery and sacrifice keeps our country safe. -O’M
 
Dear @TedCruz: look it up.  
I raised the minimum wage in Maryland &amp; as Pres. I'd fight to . No surprise, GOP candidates don't agree.  
When civilians sign up for the military, their families sign up, too. Here’s how we can support military families: 
Wall Street can't police itself. My plan will close the revolving door @ the Fed &amp; in DC.  
RT @omalleyforia: O'M FACT: @MartinOMalley created the first VetStat meeting In 2011 to coordinate government response to veterans needs …
Happy Birthday @WOM_alley. Thanks for helping me back then, and thanks for helping me on the trail today. -O'M 
.@lacasablanca tiene razón   deben ser defendidos en la corte suprema. Pronto, millones podrán dejar de vivir con miedo.
.@whitehouse is right to appeal ,  to SCOTUS. We're one step closer to protecting millions of New Americans from deportation.
I support the  and a $15 federal minimum wage. Let's get to $15 however and wherever we can! -O'M
I will provide long-overdue justice for LGBT veterans whose only transgression was being true to who they are. 
Próximo paso: La Corte Suprema. ,  están aquí para quedarse—como presidente ire aún mas lejos.
We shouldn't be building fences nor walls. Our Party should be leading the fight to welcome New Americans more fully into our society. (2/2)
Disappointed to hear that Sec. Clinton still believes in failed policies of the past &amp; that of the GOP front-runner, Donald Trump. (1/2)
I have set a goal to reach full employment for our veterans by 2020. 
 
.@WhiteHouse worked to end veteran homelessness, reducing it by 33% since 2010. We must continue this progress: 
We must ensure world-class health care &amp; supportive services to our veterans. Read my plan:  
This is an important first step by @Seaworld. I urge expansion to all locations—focus on conservation of animals: 
To begin to restore the trust of those who sacrificed for our nation’s security, VA must embrace ambitious reform: 
The death penalty is unconstitutional. As President, I will take leadership on the issue and fight to overturn it.  
America must uphold its sacred trust with our veterans. Here’s how:  
Thank you @re4mimmigration for having me.  I share your passion and commitment to getting  done. Si se puede. -O'M
We need new leadership, principled leadership based on what is best for our country and an economy that works better for all of us.
I’m the only candidate to lay out the actions I would take as President to bring New American families out of the shadows and into the light
In Maryland, we pursued our own DREAM Act to ensure that 36,000 Dreamers could have access to affordable higher education.
During my service as Mayor and as Governor, I always kept a sign from the 1890s on my desk–it says “Help Wanted: No Irish Need Apply.”
WATCH: The Governor live at the Presidential Candidate Immigration Forum with @Re4mImmigration: 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley receives a standing ovation at the Linn County Democratic Hall of Fame dinner  …
Leadership matters.  

National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.   
RT @MSNBC: Martin O'Malley preps for the lightning round questions:  
"We shouldn’t send people in to wars we’re not willing to pay for."  

"What is the most impractical item of clothing that you own?” - @maddow to Governor O’Malley. The answer:  
RT @MSNBC: .@MartinOMalley hits his stride in South Carolina:
  (AP) 
I think the move to for-profit prisons in our country is appalling. I think it’s immoral, and it’s wrong. Watch: 
"We need to wrap the challenge of climate change in the opportunity of more jobs."   Watch:

RT @MSNBC: Can Democrats win in the South? @MartinOMalley gives @maddow his take:   
After a life of hard labor, every American should be able to retire with dignity.  
Quick hug before  . Thanks for always being by my side. 
RT @Lis_Smith: Winthrop students to @MartinOMalley: "you really impressed me tonight." 
RT @NicholasJThomas: Congrats to @MartinOMalley on a nice job in the forum tonight. Makes me, as a Marylander, proud.
RT @218Lov: I'm really warming up to @MartinOMalley, like his message.  
RT @princesskarly11: More I inform myself of @MartinOMalley, the more I like. 
RT @laurawilde100: @MartinOMalley great job. Good to know more about you. @maddow
RT @haleymorris: Miss @MartinOMalley at ? Check out when he talked about his record of : 

RT @mattbai: If you watched @MartinOMalley tonight and were intrigued, here's more:  via YahooPolitics
Pitch in to a campaign about  &amp; getting things done. Give $3 to show you stand with Governor O’Malley: 
RT @GordonRHanson: @MartinOMalley seems like the strongest candidate on MSNBC's Maddow show. @maddow
Law enforcement is at its best when officers work w/ neighbors to ensure public safety &amp; promote the dignity of all people. 
FACT: Governor O’Malley firmly opposes the death penalty, and abolished it in Maryland. @HillaryClinton does “not favor abolishing.”
 
“@HillaryClinton lets big banks off the hook for financial crisis” @bpolitics  
.@BernieSanders called the Brady Bill—a bill requiring background checks on gun buyers—“tokenism,” “pure symbolism.” 
RT @MattSheaff: Fact: only one Dem candidate has actually stood up to the NRA and passed common sense gun safety reform and that’s @MartinO…
Want to be a part of this? Join our campaign for  now:   
I did not allow private prisons in Maryland. I would not allow private prisons in our country either. 
  
Can’t keep up with the accomplishments the Governor is listing? Read them all here:  
RT @youngdems: @MartinOMalley we didn't move out of the Stone Age, because we ran out of stones. We need to take action on climate change. …
RT @omalleyfornh:  
Addressing climate change is a moral &amp; national security imperative. That's why I'm calling for  
Projects like  are bad for our country—and that’s why I clearly opposed it from the start 
RT @crystalthomison: @MartinOMalley"We are moving towards a more connected and generous place" 
"We need to advance the ideas that people can listen to around their kitchen tables &amp; know that Dems are on their side.” 
Starts in 5! Watch LIVE here:   
Don’t miss @maddow &amp; @MSNBC’s  Democratic Presidential Forum TONIGHT starting at 8pm ET. 
RT @CNNOpinion: Why the death penalty needs to go by @MartinOMalley  
"It is time that we, as a nation, abolish the death penalty for good.” Read my @cnn op-ed: 
RT @UniNoticias: .@martinomalley hace las promesas de amparo a indocumentados más ambiciosas de la campaña  https://…
RT @RollingStone: Why Martin O'Malley could be the future of the Democratic Party  
Thanks to @POTUS for getting these done. Read the rest of my plan to find out what's next:  

Clean energy isn't a pipe dream—we must lead on climate change. In MD, we did it: cut greenhouse gas &amp; created new clean energy jobs. (2/2)
I've long opposed  because we know it will exacerbate climate change and extend our reliance on fossil fuels. (1/2)
Did you grab a bumper sticker or car magnet yet? Get one before the debate next week:  
RT @HallieGolden4: Listening to @MartinOMalley sing at an Irish pub! 
The guitar is out! 🎶 
Our fellow citizens in  need our help. @HHSGov must act now for  justice. Apoyo a  en su marcha.
RT @omalleyforia:  to when @MartinOMalley rocked the  with   
I applaud @AGSchneiderman for investigating . I urge other state Attorneys General to do the same. 
-O’M
As President, I would direct the EPA to take aggressive action to limit greenhouse gases. 
We need a leader who will fight for policies we believe in, not follow polls.

We must commit to reduce deaths by gun violence in half within 10 years. Here's how I'd start: 
RT @hardball: O'Malley: Time for common-sense gun laws @MartinOMalley  
Great crowd at our Boston civic tech pitch contest! 
RT @JOMJessie: I've done a lot of pitching, never before to a presidential candidate. Box, checked. cc:@thecabbige @MartinOMalley https://t…
The federal government shouldn’t be involved in gun laws—who said it best? @HillaryClinton or @JebBush? Watch: 
.@omalleyfornh @omalleyforia Funny, all of this reminds me of the time we went to @PitzerCollege. 
.@HillaryClinton wants to go after @JebBush for making excuses on guns. But she did the same thing in 2008. Watch:

Thanks for committing to be a delegate for our campaign in AL, @SarahRudolp. We can all learn from your strength and story. -O’M
You may have heard about my 15 years of executive experience, but learn more about what I did early on in life: 
Today, a gunman can buy 4,000 rounds of ammunition w/out a background check—and the dealer won’t be held responsible. Let’s fix that.
RT @MarcNECN: VIDEO: @MartinOMalley officially signs up to run in the . 
RT @TheBradMielke: O'Malley is the first major candidate to file. "I wanted to be the first Democrat," he says.  …
WATCH the Governor become the first Presidential candidate to file for the New Hampshire Primary. 
RT @Jay1043: .@MartinOMalley helps put the room back together @ the Keene Historical Society after a great event  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Great turn out for our  town hall focused on gun safety reform in Keene  …
It’s about . As President, I would take these 7 executive actions to protect our communities. 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@martinomalley is out supporting @JoyceCraig2015 for mayor at Ward 1 in Manchester  
RT @juliannehing: O'Malley and his stunningly explicit pro-immigrant platform. My latest for @thenation / 
RT @omalleyforia: As team @MartinOMalley hits the doors today, we want to remind everyone to  !  
.@TorreySmithWR I am heading to SF next Monday. I would love to talk more. Too bad we'll be missing @VernonDavis85. Go Terps! -O'M
Let’s put our children's safety ahead of the interests of the @NRA

Find out everything you need to know about where and when to vote here. And go vote! 
6 more hours for Houstonians to unite against discrimination and vote .  protects all Americans.  
RT @UNHStudents: "We are moving towards a more compassionate America." Says O'Malley as he talks about the youth vote. 
RT @merrick_gordon: "We must square our shoulders and take on the challenge of our time and that challenge is climate change."@MartinOMalle…
RT @UNHStudents: "There is a growing economic inequality in this country. A growing injustice." Says @MartinOMalley of the economy …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicking off an actions not words town hall at UNH  
Proud to announce 21 state leadership teams and over 100 Democratic leaders who have endorsed my campaign. 
RT @UNHStudents: Today: @MartinOMalley is at . For full student coverage, follow us on all of our social media accounts!  …
RT @Keniaacc: I support @MartinOMalley because he has the best record on  and is ONLY candidate to propose a plan to keep New A…
Proud to  for expanding—not cutting or just enhancing—Social Security. @AARP 
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—read my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream. 
Let’s make national service and the educational experience of our students go hand-in-hand.  
As Democrats, it is time to stand up for our values &amp; call for the expansion Social Security for all beneficiaries. 
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
 is just one of many steps I would take. Read my criminal justice plan to save and redeem lives: 
Congrats to the granddaughter of our Montgomery County for O’Malley Chair Dolly Kildee for winning the top prize!  
Banning the box is a big part of my criminal justice plan, and I was proud to do it in Maryland. Thank you, @POTUS: 
We took actions to make college more affordable.  
Faced with an opportunity to lead—to bring 11 million neighbors out of the shadows to make the  stronger—@SpeakerRyan chose politics.
We need to expand—not cut or “enhance”—Social Security so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty. 
Addiction is a public health crisis. Let’s treat it like one. 
Within 35 years, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
RT @kcautv: Happy Sunday! Start your morning with . @TimSeamanABC9 sits down with @MartinOMalley at 9  …
RT @rdoconnor: @MartinOMalley working out this morning in West Des Moines. I'm pretty sure he worked harder than me. 
RT @scanthony14: @MartinOMalley playing guitar and singing about Iowa.  
RT @ericlitmer: .@MartinOMalley talking  to a packed coffee house in West DSM.  
RT @JakeOeth: Packed house in Valley Junction to hear @MartinOMalley great fall Saturday morning for coffee and politics  https://…
Check out our Caucus 101 video for Iowa high school students via @IowaSOS: 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
My op-ed from 2007 about why I oppose the death penalty. 
The death penalty is a racially biased and ineffective deterrent &amp; the appeals process is expensive and cruel to surviving family members.
RT @omalleyforia: THE ARCHIVES: @MartinOMalley signs Maryland trans rights bill   
Let's ban the box, restore voting rights to people with felony records, and end the school-to-prison pipeline. 
Up to 60% of people released from jail/prison return w/in 3 years. I will invest in job-training and reentry programs that work.
RT @ksosanie: Coffee and Donuts with @MartinOMalley and a full classroom of students at Morningside College  …
We must rein in Wall Street. Every candidate should commit to these four principles. 
Not a single Republican last night put forward a plan to combat the inequalities in our criminal justice system. 
You didn’t hear the Republicans talking about paid family leave last night. This is long overdue. 
.@maddow to the Governor last night: “You’ve been through the battles” on passing gun safety legislation. 
.@realDonaldTrump, la Gran Muralla China es una maravilla. Construir un muro que nos aísle d Nuevos Americanos no tiene nada d maravilloso.
Thx @Uber_Maryland for bringing these most adorable @BARCS_SHELTER kittens to the campaign today!  
Progress is a choice—our daughters must get the full and equal compensation their hard work deserves. 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley talks with @maddow on how to beat the NRA to pass gun safety laws  
Read more about the family the Governor was with in Colorado yesterday. 
No se trata del salario mínimo, @carlyfiorina. Se trata de un salario justo. Y el gobierno federal debería de actuar. 
It's not about minimum wages, @CarlyFiorina. It's about a living wage. And the federal government should absolutely be involved. 
Not one @GOP candidate has the courage to stand up to the @NRA.  
Catch the Governor on with @maddow @msnbc after this commercial break!
Never thought I'd agree with @GovMikeHuckabee: we need to stop demonizing seniors. Let's keep our promise to them &amp; expand social security.
.@tedcruz wants to talk about contrast between debates? 

How do we strengthen our economy? Bring 11M of our neighbors out of the off-the-books, shadow economy by passing compr. immigration reform.
WATCH: The Governor live at   Rally at the University of Colorado: 
 
Thanks @MamaRedfield for your courage today and every day fighting for . And thank you for your support.

RT @omalleyfornh: FLASHBACK: "Repealing Death Penalty Was A “Major Achievement For @MartinOMalley Who Pushed Hard For It.” …
RT @MomsDemand: We're outside the  in Boulder, Colorado. It's nice to see some familiar faces, like @MartinOMalley! …
I am in search of a very elusive being, and that is a @GOP candidate with the backbone to take on the @NRA. 
RT @adriandgarcia: O'Malley: In these beautiful mountains of Colorado I'm in search of a rare being, which is a Republican with the backbon…
"O’Malley makes gun sense common sense for our country. He is about actions, not words.”  
"We stand with Governor O’Malley because he has proven he can apply common sense gun laws to the state of Maryland.” 
RT @coloradodems: .@MartinOMalley at CU Boulder   
“We stand with Governor O’Malley and what he’s trying to do for this country.” - Sandy and Lonnie Phillips 
Watch LIVE: Governor O’Malley is joined by the Phillips family in Boulder to discuss gun violence: 
I abolished the death penalty in Maryland because it is fundamentally at odds with our values.  
The death penalty is racially biased &amp; an ineffective deterrent. I repealed it in MD &amp; would do the same as Pres. 
Let’s make background checks universal and close dangerous loopholes. Read my full plan: 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley announces 24 new Iowa endorsements!    …
Let’s pass common sense measures like mandatory gun licensing, waiting periods, and age restrictions. They work: 
RT @IQLatino: .@MartinOMalley: One of the great economic strengths of our nation is our diversity   by @ma…
Thanks @AbbyWambach for repping @ussoccer_wnt for so long. You made us proud, you inspired us all. Leaving on a high note ! -O'M
Una veleta cambia su posición según la dirección del viento. Un verdadero líder no. 
A weather vane shifts its position every time the winds change. Effective leaders do not. 
Goal 9: Reform our criminal justice system to save a redeem lives.   
I will not represent Wall Street. I will represent Main Street.

RT @omalleyfornh: .@JordanMeehan crushing the doors in Ward 7 today for @MartinOMalley   
RT @omalleyfornh: Scenes from our  weekend canvass!  
 
.@WOM_alley: Welcome to Twitter! Nice dance moves. -Dad 
As a parent and as a father, I would be ballistic if somebody did that to my daughter.  
RT @allinwithchris: .@MartinOMalley reacts to  video  
RT @Latinos4OMalley: .@MartinOMalley defiende a los  de los insultos racistas de @realDonaldTrump 
—&gt;  …
It’s time to put the national interests before the interests of Wall Street. The future of the American middle class depends on it.
The Governor is on now! Turn on @allinwithchris.
Later tonight the Governor will be on @allinwithchris. Make sure to tune in! 
Tonight! 
Projects like  are bad for our country—and that's why I've clearly opposed them from the start. 
Go backstage with the Governor before the :

It’s time for a change. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@BernieSanders join me now. @HillaryClinton join me now and together we can forge a new consensus for change. https://t.…
It's high time we find our backbone as Democrats and stand up and say "NO" to the @NRA.

RT @IAStartingLine: We'd take the @MartinOMalley IA team in a straight-up fight over any of the GOP operations  http…
Miss the Governor on @Morning_Joe today? Check it out here, and share:  
RT @Morning_Joe: .@MartinOMalley: 'Weather vane switches directions, leaders do not' 
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming up  @MartinOMalley  
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 8:30 ET to see the Governor!
WATCH: Governor O’Malley’s full speech at the Iowa Jefferson Jackson Dinner : 
Do we want wages to go up and not down? Then let’s pass comprehensive immigration reform now.  

RT @ericswalwell: Proud of my friend @MartinOMalley for his performance and vision at tonight's 
Join the fight—&gt;   
To save lives we must require universal background checks;

we must ban the sale of combat assault weapons. 
Enough is enough.  cc @NRA 
To that immigrant-bashing, carnival barker @realDonaldTrump … 
. @Keniaacc—an Iowa DREAMer—is a fearless advocate for citizenship rights for herself and millions of Americans like her. 
Read more about O’Malley’s 15 goals here:   
RT @Latinos4OMalley: .@MartinOMalley: La injusticia no se resuelve por sí misma. La debemos resolver con nuevos líderes y con acciones. …
RT @iowademocrats: "Our country has come a long way since the Wall Street crash of 2008." - @MartinOMalley at  
  
RT @omalleyforia: : During the recession @MartinOMalley invested in education making MD schools #1 five years in a row http…
We must be fearless about our progressive values.   
We are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place as a country.  
RT @LissandraVilla: "I thank you all for what you do for our country every presidential election," O'Malley tells Iowans. 
O’Malley takes the stage at !  
WATCH LIVE: Governor O’Malley speaks at the 2015 Jefferson Jackson Dinner in Iowa.   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley crowd keeping the energy up during breaks in the program   
RT @Keniaacc: Thankful &amp; honored for this opportunity, DREAMers have fought &amp; earned a seat at this table Thank you@MartinOMalley https://t…
RT @Keniaacc: Minutes away from dining with @MartinOMalley  
RT @Latinos4OMalley: DREAMer y líder comunitaria, @Keniaacc, estará con @MartinOMalley durante la cena .  …
Backstage before being introduced at . 
RT @desmoinesdem: The @MartinOMalley crowd is outfitted with "thundersticks," chanting "he's with us."   …
RT @MamaRedfield: Waiting for @MartinOMalley arrival at the Jefferson Jackson Dinner. At the Governor's !  https…
RT @Keniaacc: Waiting in line to get inside and have dinner with @MartinOMalley   
Watch live at 9pm ET:  
Marching O'Malley to the !  

RT @thehill: O’Malley ‘covers’ Johnny Cash in Iowa; WATCH:  
   
RT @omalleyforia: We Believe. We Strive. We Do.   
Pumped.   
RT @omalleyforia: LIVE on : Iowa JJ rally  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley now singing "I've Been Everywhere" and caters it to Iowa and his campaign trail.   https…
RT @haleymorris: Invoking a little Johnny Cash to warm up: @MartinOMalley kicks off serenade Cc @Trevornoah @TheDailyShow for lyrics https:…
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley supporters loud and proud before his rally performance   
RT @omalleyforia: Ruthless Ruth takes the stage at the @MartinOMalley  Pre-show  
RT @afreedman23: I-O-W-A @MartinOMalley all the way!!!!!    
.@omalleyforia out in full force! (And in some O’Malley store gear: )  dinner  
Team @omalleyforia getting ready for the ! 
RT @clairequestion: Will OMalley hard at work!  @MartinOMalley    
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley team readies their signs for tonight's JJ Dinner in Des Moines   
RT @IAStartingLine: The @MartinOMalley team joins the sign war fray   
RT @mashpolitics: How does @MartinOMalley plan to stand out from Clinton and Sanders at democrat's  tonight?: …
RT @omalleyforia: The guitars out in Osage! A little tune-up in prep for  tonight.  
RT @ksosanie: Great crowd in Osage with @MartinOMalley this morning, talking  ahead of   …
RT @meganspecia: Mini concert from @MartinOMalley at his Osage rally 
Ready for the .   

RT @SeanMcEnerney: Team O'Malley, The Last JJ, Des Moines   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley signs popping up around Vets Auditorium  
RT @iMayaBerry: Watching  share stories of hardship, courage, &amp; hope w/ presidential candidate @MartinOMalley  https://t…
RT @nwarikoo: LIVE on : Gov. @martinomalley speaking now to Arab-Americans in Dearborn about Israel 
RT @AAIUSA: "We've lost 50  and 8 . Some were young w/ everything in front of them. All were sisters &amp; brothers" @Mar…
RT @AAIUSA: "Solving this is complicated. Saving little kids shouldn't be" - @MartinOMalley  
RT @OmarBaddar: Kudos to @MartinOMalley for speaking vigorously against  &amp; anti-Arab prejudice in the campaigns, at @AAIUSA's …
RT @karenwgirgis: .@MartinOMalley: "While we must do everything we can to keep our country safe, we cannot let fear defeat compassion." @AA…
RT @AAIUSA: Full room here @UM_Dearborn to hear from 2016 candidate @MartinOMalley 
RT @AAIUSA: Can't be with us in Dearborn? Watch Gov. @MartinOMalley address the  community now  …
“I believe [O’Malley] is the best candidate to take on Republicans in November 2016.” - @brianschweitzer 
“I’m endorsing Martin for President because I believe he is the candidate that best represents the future of our Party.” - @brianschweitzer
We all know we must act. Let's fix this, together. 
Hearing the news of another shooting at another school in our country surely puts fear in the hearts of parents everywhere. It does in mine.
RT @DavidCamposSF: Thank you @MartinOMalley for your leadership on immigration: David Campos Praises Martin O'Malley on Sanctuary Citie htt…
RT @MamaRedfield: Off to Iowa today by invitation from Governor O'Malley. This man is pushing every other candidate on both sides to get so…
Oremos todos por nuestros vecinos en  mientras se preparan para . Que permanezcan seguros y fuertes.
Let us keep our neighbors in  in our prayers as  bears down. May they stay safe and healthy.
RT @JessicaMCoggins: .@MartinOMalley becomes the first person today to talk about passing comprehensive immigration reform 
RT @Fedbindi: @MartinOMalley  @TheDemocrats: climate change &amp; renewable energy is the greatest business opportunity that has come #…
RT @KCFarrar: If women want to have families they shouldn't have to choose between their kids and career. - @MartinOMalley @DNCWomen …
RT @KatieNiekamp: .@MartinOMalley is getting specific on  and I love it 
RT @JessicaMCoggins: .@MartinOMalley says he is running for President to rebuild the American Dream by closing the wage gap  https:…
RT @cspan: LIVE now on C-SPAN2: @MartinOMalley speaks to @DNCWomen   
RT @KatieNiekamp: .@MartinOMalley "I haven't been around this many strong women since my daughters lived at home."  …
Watch NOW: Governor O’Malley speaks live at ! 
Ya es hora de implementar regulaciones sobre las compras de armas y municiones en el internet. 
Proud to announce 21 endorsements today from Granite Staters.   @omalleyfornh
RT @hollingsjd: @MartinOMalley breaks into song at his Town Hall at CofC! So awesome to be a part of!  
RT @haleymorris: .@MartinOMalley: "when people say the next generation is checked out of politics, i don’t buy it.” @CofC 
RT @ashblackstone: RIGHT NOW: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley speaking at the @CofC about making higher education debt free. https://…
Watch the Governor speak live @CofCBullyPulpit in just a few minutes!  
RT @emilycdeal: 30 minutes until @MartinOMalley takes the stage in Stern ballroom!    
I applaud @POTUS for taking a step forward to ensure our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico are treated equitably. 
Aplaudo a @POTUS por este paso hacia adelante para asegurar que Puerto Rico reciban el trato que se merecen. 
Let’s implement commonsense safeguards for gun &amp; ammunition purchases. My plan:  
Thank you, @vincentsheheen &amp; Boyd Brown for your endorsement and for co-chairing my South Carolina state effort! 
RT @ashblackstone: HAPPENING NOW: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley campaigning at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church in North Charleston. https…
RT @ElizLanders: At Mt. Moriah Church in North Charleston now waiting for a roundtable discussion w/ @MartinOMalley on reducing gun violenc…
Yeah, we're ready for the JJ dinner this weekend. You?  @omalleyforIA

Want to join the Governor at this weekend’s Iowa JJ dinner? Get your ticket today:  
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN @MartinOMalley at the JJ Dinner this Saturday! CLICK HERE FOR TICKETS:   …
RT @kushaanshah: Incredible speech by @MartinOMalley at his  on the power of youth, big ideas, and potential. …
RT @OpenDataNation: Thankful to pitch presidential candidate @MartinOMalley on the potential of  &amp;  @MicrosoftIPC https:…
RT @SustainCreative: @MartinOMalley giving his speech!   
RT @afbarry: "Our diversity is our strength" @MartinOMalley  
RT @tylergray: .@MartinOMalley is the only 'Digital native in the  Our generation needs someone who gets technology'  Via @RepSw…
RT @afbarry: Here @Microsoft listening to  startup pitches with @MartinOMalley - by far the coolest candidate  …
RT @digiphile: LIVE on : Watching @martinomalley 
RT @mob_advocacy: Great  at @MartinOMalley's  event. Great solutions to some very big problems.
Special guest @ericswalwell stopped by our pitch contest! “We have a real digital political leader in Gov O’Malley.” 
.@easyfoodstamps: making government more user-friendly (right now streamlining the app. process for food stamps) 
Thanks @newsuptweets for stopping by! “Making games about the news.” 
.@newmajoritylabs: empowering communities of color to identify &amp; build solutions to their own challenges. 
Nerd-out about student financing? Check out @mpowerfinancing — part of our pitch contest tonight. 
RT @JohnBalkam: Great pitch by @kamanda and @IdealImpact at  competition hosted by @MartinOMalley 
RT @mob_advocacy: Love the @MartinOMalley is doing a  event. All candidates should be talking more about helping . https…
Great pitch from @mosavali! Providing farmers with tools, knowledge and info to improve production and income. 
.@sandboxx allows members of the military &amp; families to send letters from their phone &amp; reconnect with their units. 
Next up: @idealimpact, “the worlds first news-driven social impact community.“ 
First pitch from @opendatanation — using tech to engage the public in civic problem-solving. 
About to kick off our civic tech pitch contest @MicrosoftIPC! 
RT @derwindubose: I’m heading to pitch @newmajoritylabs at a @MartinOMalley campaign event themed around civic tech. Wish me luck! @Halcyon…
RT @newmajoritylabs: Cofounder @derwindubose is about to pitch our venture with @MartinOMalley at the @Microsoft policy and tech center. Sh…
I went  at the Iowa State Fair. Looks like we have the same pair of shades. 
RT @omalleyforia: Coming to the JJ this weekend? Join us for a concert &amp; meet and greet with @ will be taken!  https:/…
I’m hosting a civic tech pitch competition tonight in DC. Join us!  @TechCocktail 
Congrats @davidcamposSF and all who fought to stop unnecessary deportations. Grateful for your leadership! -O'M
RT @RollingStone: Watch Democratic presidential candidate Martin O’Malley cover Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood” on  …
30 years from now, we could be 5 years away from a 100% clean energy powered electric grid.  
.@JoeBiden is one of the most decent, compassionate public servants our nation has produced—I respect his decision &amp; wish him the best. -O’M
My debt free college plan helps students and parents who are already saddled with high interest rate loans. 
'Cause, baby, now we got bad 

RT @bpolitics: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley covers @taylorswift13's "Bad Blood" on   …
Watch the Governor cover a new song for the first time on @TheView.

“O'Malley has a proven track record of delivering on his promises to Latino voters.” 
Congrats to @JustinTrudeau, who is a next-generation Canadian leader &amp; champion of positive  relations. 
RT @vincentsheheen: Come join Governor @MartinOMalley in Charleston 
Cholera has killed 9,000 Haitians &amp; sickened hundreds of thousands more. Victims &amp; their families deserve justice. 
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @MartinOMalley just covered Taylor Swift on @TheView.

RT @TheView: This just happened: @MartinOMalley sang @taylorswift13's  on @TheView! 
The guitar is out! Turn on @TheView now.
RT @TheView: NOW ON @TheView: Democratic presidential candidate @MartinOMalley sits down at the Hot Topics table! 
Tune in now! The Governor is live on @TheView.
S 2146 is a knee-jerk bill based on stereotypes and false claims. Local police shouldn't be forced to do any job but theirs.
RT @TheView: Democratic presidential hopeful @MartinOMalley joins the co-hosts at the table today!  
Sorry about the mix-up. It's easy to confuse @RedHourBen &amp; @iamjohnoliver—they both do blue steel so well.
RT @TheDailyShow: Tonight! Guitar shredding presidential candidate @MartinOMalley stops by.

.@TheDailyShow. Tonight. 
RT @TheView: Dem. presidential hopeful @MartinOMalley joins the co-hosts at the table tomorrow. Tweet us your questions now! …
We need to expand, not just protect, Social Security. Here's how to do it: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley participates in a Presidential Conversation on Education on Concord News Radio Tune in …
Front page of @ConMonitorNews: O’Malley touts plans for gun control, Social Security expansion, debt-free college. 
I challenge the other presidential candidates to support these four gun safety proposals: 
The Governor will be on @TheDailyShow tonight. Make sure to tune in! 
RT @JosephOHern: The commit cards keep on coming for @MartinOMalley in @omalleyforia debate to doors weekend of action!  http://t.…
RT @nowthisnews: Everyone's arguing about who won the debate, but let's talk about how O'Malley's closing statement was truly great http://…
RT @JosephOHern: Another door knocked another commit card for @MartinOMalley!  @omalleyforia 
RT @TheDemocrats: RT if you agree with @MartinOMalley: Our economy should work for everyone.  
RT @shannonrwatts: .@MartinOMalley touting his  in  with local @MomsDemand members 
RT @elraymer: .@MartinOMalley hits up Nashua on last stop of  tour  @omalleyfornh 
RT @KristiStL: @MartinOMalley talking debt free college, lower youth unemployment and green energy.   
RT @Jay1043: Energized by his first national introduction in the debate @MartinOMalley barnstorms NH's Lakes Region  …
RT @omalleyforia: Kaylee, campaign MVP (Most Valuable Puppy) is committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley! Are you? h/t @bcdoheny …
RT @omalleyforia: O'M Fact: in 2014 @MartinOMalley raised the minimum wage across MD to $   …
RT @FollowSamTaylor: An upbeat @MartinOMalley sharing  at Wayfarer Coffee in Laconia! @omalleyfornh  …
Great news. My climate plan calls for an end to Arctic drilling. 
We held tobacco companies responsible for lying about cancer. Let’s do the same for oil companies &amp; climate change. 
RT @FollowSamTaylor: Crowd at Dartmouth eagerly awaiting an  Town Hall with @MartinOMalley !  …
We must rein in Wall Street. Every candidate should commit to these four principles. 
RT @Everytown: This was one of the highlights of our week. 
RT @omalleyfornh: At NHTI @MartinOMalley strongly calls for expanding social security benefits  read his plan …
We are the only country that saddles our children with mountains of debt to go to college.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Fact: @MartinOMalley raised the minimum wage  
RT @ConcordC: .@MartinOMalley: It's fiscally irresponsible to shutdown the govt. It hurts taxpayers and the economy. 
RT @carolynrcooper: .@MartinOMalley discusses what Bipartisanship means to him.   
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley addresses NH Housing Summit in Manchester  
RT @NAHREP: "There is a need to rebuild the hearts of our economic engines of our cities." @MartinOMalley   …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley strongly reiterates his call to expand social security not cut it. 
RT @MarcNo: @MartinOMalley No great country have cut their way to prosperity. 
Here is my plan to expand Social Security, so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty:   (2/2)
I agree with the @ConMonitorNews: Social Security's cost-of-living formula is flawed.  (1/2)
Quick recap of the important topics the Governor spoke about during the . Watch now:

Going purple today to show support for our LGBT youth. Let’s take a stand against bullying. 
New Americans have endured the uncertainty and fear of legislative inaction for far too long. My plan: 
TO: @MarcoRubio. FR:  Military. RE: Climate Change = “Threat Multiplier.”  Update your stump.
Didn’t realize @MarcoRubio is a climate denier. Odd position for someone who talks a big game on national security. 
Moving our electric grid to 100% clean energy powered by 2050 will help bring millions of new clean jobs with it. 
I am not afraid to fight the @NRA. I did it in Maryland, and I’ll keep fighting as President. 
Get your very own campaign t-shirt today:  
The American people need someone who will be on their side.

Let’s live up to our founding ideal: 
e pluribus unum – that out of many, we are one. 
We need to build a firewall between speculative and commercial banking. Only Glass-Steagall can do that. 
Learn more about the Governor, and find out when this picture was taken. Our timeline:  
We’re moving to a more connected, generous, compassionate place, &amp; we need to speak to the goodness w/in our country 
"Martin O'Malley has done more than any other Democratic candidate to earn the NRA's hatred”  @voxdotcom
RT @Morning_Joe: .@MartinOMalley: 'I will not stop talking about gun violence' 
On now! Tune in. 
Coming up this morning, the Governor will be on @Morning_Joe. Tune in!
RT @NewDay: .@MartinOMalley on sparring with @BernieSanders at the : "We have a deep disagreement" on guns. @CNN …
RT @ChrisCuomo: .@MartinOMalley:  valuable for proving there are "more than 2 people" in race: "this is just the kickoff" http://…
RT @IAStartingLine: "@MartinOMalley really surprised me" said one Iowan who didn't know much of him. Iowans reactions in our post: http://t…
RT @NRA: “I proudly hold an F rating.” - @MartinOMalley. And we were happy to give it to you. You earned it. 
Our justice system has reinforced our country’s cruel history of racism and economic inequality. We must do better. 
The game was rigged against Lonnie and Sandy Phillips. It’s time to stand up and act. .

Join the campaign now. We are standing on the threshold of an era of new American progress, &amp; with you, we can win. 
  
As Gov., O’Malley decriminalized the possession of small amounts of marijuana.   
O’Malley passed the Maryland Parental Leave Act, expanding family leave for thousands in the state.  
Under O’Malley’s leadership, Maryland increased renewable energy generation by 41% and grew new solar and wind industries. 
  
W/in 35 yrs, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs

America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050.   
Want to know more about Governor O’Malley? Check out our timeline on his life &amp; accomplishments:  
If banks are too big to fail, too big to jail and too big to manage, they are too damn big.  
O’Malley’s “role was pivotal” in defending Maryland’s DREAM Act in a ballot referendum in 2012:  
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland.  
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
We need to understand that our country is made stronger by the arrival of New American immigrants. 
The people of our country need someone who will protect the Main Street economy from the recklessness on Wall Street. 
What did people say about @HillaryClinton’s Wall Street plan? See for yourself.  
We have a responsibility to correct the mistakes of our past to prevent another Wall Street crash. O’Malley's plan: 
We need to reinstate Glass-Steagall. 

As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
, and we have a lot of work to do to reform our criminal justice system and address race relations in this country.
We have failed as a country to invest in a human intelligence that would allow us to make better decisions overseas. 
RT @TIME: .@MartinOMalley: "It’s time to stand up and pass comprehensive gun safety legislation"  …
In 2013, O’Malley signed comprehensive gun leg. while the @NRA fought it. This year, they called him a “menace." 
In 2013, O’Malley signed the most comprehensive gun legislation Maryland had seen in 25 years. 

Sandy and Lonnie are lifelong hunters. They lost their daughter to gun violence. They know it's time for actions, not words, on gun safety.
Lonnie and Sandy Phillips lost their daughter Jessica to gun violence. Thousands more lose their lives each year. We must act. 
Read more about the Aurora family the Governor is speaking about on stage at : 
FACT: O’Malley supported &amp; staffed civilian review boards and led Baltimore to police its police. 
O’Malley, drove down violent crime by 41% in Baltimore—the 3rd steepest reduction of any major  city. 
On ? @voxdotcom said “of late, @HillaryClinton is  looking like the kind of candidate who puts polls in front of policy.” 
RT @voxdotcom: "The future is what we make of it. We are all in this together." – @MartinOMalley
We need action to make wages go up again for everyone. Our economy is not money, our economy is people. 
“There is nothing we wouldn’t do to give our kids healthier and better lives.” 
.@CNN  starts now! Watch live on  and follow us here @MartinOMalley for live updates!
A little pre-debate warmup.  
New @JosABank tie: ✔ 
Pre-debate workout: ✔ 
Jam session: ✔
Ready for debate: ✔ 
Let us know you’ll be watching: 
The stage is set. Doing our walk-through at . RT if you'll be watching! 
Just arrived! Ready for . Sign up if you’ll be watching the Governor:  
Tuning in to the  tonight? Let the Governor know you're with him!   
Always wanted an O'Malley hoodie? Now's your chance—today, we launched our store:  
RT @CollegeDems: We’re proud to belong to a party that takes student debt seriously.   
Today is the big day! Let us know if you will be watching the first Democratic Party Debate: 
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
As President, I will put new ideas, bold approaches and measurable results front and center in how we govern. 
Congrats Kathryn! Here's the video our lucky winner received from the Governor himself—thank you for your support!

RT @omalleyforia: ICYMI: @MartinOMalley got a standing O at the @polkdems Fall Dinner last Friday!  
RT @NoLabelsOrg: Thank you for addressing the  Convention, @MartinOMalley 
This  let's celebrate the progress we’ve made &amp; strive to make America a place where everyone can be just who they are.
RT @CNNSotu: .@MartinOMalley on how he is different from Clinton: "It's not about the words, it's about the actions" 
Tune in now to watch the Governor on @CNNSotu.
RT @CNNgo: UP NEXT: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley talks 2016 election on @CNNSOTU, watch live:  …
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday: A  exclusive with @MartinOMalley days before the first Democratic  
.@RealBenCarson: Stop. It is inaccurate and appalling to blame the victims for the Holocaust. It is not up for debate. -O'M
Check out where I stand on gun safety:  via @BlueNationReview 
RT @omalleyforia: Big applause at the @polkdems fall dinner as @MartinOMalley takes the stage  
Watch me take a ride with @moody in a bright red convertible through the Nevada desert: 
Thank you @espuelasvox for having me! Good luck on your next chapter. 
-O'M
Watch:  
Talking about trade and TPP at a roundtable in Newton. Watch LIVE 
RT @SamanthaJoRoth: .@MartinOMalley joins a roundtable on trade at UAW hall in Newton.   
Above all, if America signs a trade deal, it should benefit the American people. My op-ed:  
RT @CNNPolitics: Fear and loathing with @MartinOMalley    Story by @moody | Video by @AlexRosenCNN  http:/…
No, @JohnKasich. People shouldn’t “get over it”. We should be expanding--not cutting--Social Security. 
Another school shooting last night—the 46th this year. This is madness. We must act now. -O'M
RT @SamanthaJoRoth: The youngest county chair in Iowa, Taylor Van De Krol is officially endorsing @MartinOMalley  @taylorvdk42 htt…
It’s time for America to stop stumbling backward into bad trade deals. My view on our trade policy: 
Necesitamos tu apoyo durante el debate. Organiza una reunión con tus amigos y comparte la visión del gobernador. 
I did not allow private prisons in Maryland. I would not allow private prisons in our country either.
The Governor is on now! Tune in to @allinwithchris.
Gracias, thank you @nhlagenda for meeting with me yesterday. When Latinos succeed, our country succeeds. 
Watch the Governor live tonight at 8:30ET on @allinwithchris. 
Our neighbors in South Carolina are still struggling with flooding. Here's how you can help them rebuild: 
I agree. -O’M 
RT @omalleyforia: TOMORROW at 3PM: @MartinOMalley will be at the Newton UAW hall for a roundtable with Iowa workers. All are welcome! …
Let’s make it possible for every young American to serve our nation through service:  
We must act to . @SenateDems plan is a good first step.  I'd go further: 
As President, I would make closing the gender pay gap one of the most important goals of the federal government. 
Tuning up before I record an original song for our contest winner! 
ICYMI: My letter to @POTUS regarding the Syrian humanitarian crisis. 
.@PFTCommenter No time to meet - big debate coming up. But Joe Flacco is definitely an  .
Leadership isn't changing your position on the eve of debate—it's standing up for the American worker, always. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley doesn't lead by sticking his finger in the wind to see where public consensus is going  htt…
RT @aida_cuahutli: What a pleasure to meet 2016 Presidential candidate, @MartinOMalley!     
RT @NoelCandelaria: .@MartinOMalley, great speech on  at  &amp; our values as a nation of immigrants w/dignity &amp; respect. http…
RT @pitaJ: LIVE on : Presidential candidate Martin OMalley addresses Hispanic Congressional Caucaus  …
RT @cspan: .@MartinOMalley speaks at Congressional Hispanic Caucus (@chci ) – LIVE on C-SPAN3  …
If you slap a bank robber on the wrist, he’ll rob a bank again. It’s no different if that robber is wearing a suit. 
RT @EditorMikeO: National Hispanic Leadership Agenda (@NHLAgenda), Democratic Pres. Candidate @MartinOMalley to Talk Latino Policy http://t…
Back in August, I released my plan to expand social security, so Americans can retire with dignity. 
Proven prevention and treatment strategies are underutilized and funding for treatment programs is insufficient. 
RT @RayRayBowman: Seems to me that @MartinOMalley has the most well thought out and consistent plan for 
RT @omalleyforia: Tateana is dialing to tell people in Charles City about @MartinOMalley's    http:/…
Incarceration is an inadequate—and in most cases inappropriate—for people in need of treatment for substance abuse. 
RT @PeterHamby: Yes that's @MartinOMalley planking and reading his iPad in our Campaign story today 
.@ATFHQ must have the funding and authority it needs to do its job and keep us safe. My gun safety plan: 
Watch @maddow discuss four points of the Governor's gun reform plan.

Goal 11: Reduce deaths from drug overdoses by 25 percent by 2020.  
RT @SEIU1107: @MartinOMalley with @MiFamiliaVotaNV ! 
RT @NVAFLCIO: .@MartinOMalley with  at @SEIU1107 
RT @Jose_Aristimuno: .@MartinOMalley chats with @SEIU members on the need to raise the  to $15 an hour.  …
RT @SEIU1107: "Concentrated wealth at the top with low wages only helps a few." -@MartinOMalley 
RT @BShepherd1107: @MartinOMalley visiting @SEIU1107 members tonight 
We must revise federal law to establish a comprehensive, centralized firearm registration system. 
RT @Culinary226: We finish the meeting with @MartinOMalley with a union hand clap.   
RT @jgillanNews3LV: I am with you to remove excise tax says @MartinOMalley to @Culinary226 on Cadillac tax @News3LV 
RT @ydc226: Great to have @MartinOMalley at the Culinary Health Fund to meet with workers on why healthcare matters to them. …
RT @Culinary226: .@MartinOMalley learns about the Culinary Health Fund and how it supports 125,000 Nevadans.  
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@culinary226 members talking to @MartinOMalley about health clinic/care. Thank you for having us! w/ @ydc226 …
RT @omalleyforia: BREAKING: @MartinOMalley rolls out endorsements from 24 more key Iowa Democratic leaders   http:/…
We must enact comprehensive requirements for gun purchases, including fingerprint licensing. Read my full plan: 
We must use administrative action to require the responsible storage of guns at home. 
RT @KRogers91: &amp; Strong gun violence prevention plan by @MartinOMalley makes me proud to be a dem in this election cycle: …
RT @omalleyfornh: "O’Malley urged supporters of Clinton&amp; Sanders to back his “commonsense provisions” to address issue.” …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley Lays Out Gun Control Plan at  Event  
It doesn't matter who you support in this race—meaningful gun reform is something we should all fight for. 
I'm calling on @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton to back meaningful gun safety reforms: 
My plan will not stop every senseless gun death. But it will ensure fewer families are torn apart by gun violence. 
RT @elraymer: Huge applause tonight for @MartinOMalley's urgent call for gun reform at @SCDCNHDems Fall Social 
Goal: Cut deaths from gun violence—homicides, suicides, and accidents—in half by 2025. 
RT @FollowSamTaylor: "We need to remember that our economy is not money. It is people. And it is all of our people." - @MartinOMalley to SC…
RT @ChairmanBuckley: At the @SCDCNHDems fall event listening to @MartinOMalley  
RT @omalleyforia: Read how @MartinOMalley got this mom engaged in the  again! 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley is back in the Granite State today headlining the Strafford County Dems Fall Dinner. See you there! …
You're damn right I wear @JosABank. Great Baltimore company.   
The business of our government is now the business of special interests.  
Today in America, big-money special interests have taken over elections—it's time we act:  
RT @AVusk: People signing up to meet @MartinOMalley and learn more about his grassroots campaign!  
RT @BobbyBauch: @lksTRIPLETHREAT doing her first canvass shift for @MartinOMalley! She knows it's about   http://t…
RT @MattSheaff: Spending some time talking with voters in Nashua about @MartinOMalley's record of getting things done  http://t.…
RT @Lis_Smith: PHOTO: @MartinOMalley debate preppin'. Make sure to tune into @cnn on Oct 13 at 9 PM! 
.@JebBush “stuff happens”? That “stuff” is innocent lives lost. These are preventable tragedies. We must act on gun safety now. -O’M
 318 is misguided and erodes NC's public safety. I stand with @ncnaacp and all who are fighting to  
My heart goes out to the fallen service members in Afghanistan and their families. You are in our thoughts and prayers. -O'M
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley team this weekend in our :   http:…
Read my op-ed in the @BostonGlobe from July, calling on congress to act on gun reform: 
An 81-person coalition, with supporters of the major campaigns, push for more Democratic debates in  
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Governor @MartinOMalley rolls out great, super-strong plan to fight corruption today! Small-$ funded elections, fight C…
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Thank you @MartinOMalley for the great anti-corruption, pro-public financing plan you came out with today!
Tweets won't stop this. Thoughts and prayers won't, either. Only real gun reforms will stop mass shootings from occurring nearly every day.
My heart is with those who lost so much today in Oregon. -O’M
My plan starts with a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s disastrous Citizens United decision. 
RT @maddow: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley live here tonight for TRMS, 9pm ET, 
I admire your dedication to community service, President Carter. Happy Birthday. -O'M
Read my @Medium op-ed on how we can fix campaign finance, together:  
It’s time for actions, not just words, on campaign finance reform. Read more —&gt;  
@SteveYelich thank you!
@ibrandonlee thank you!
@NickKellySays thank you!
The Governor just sent out an email. Will you answer his call and contribute before midnight?  
@mihiruthere thank you!
RT if you’d rather send @realDonaldTrump back. 
I’ve had 15 years of executive experience where I got things done. Join me if you are ready for . 
@flamingtashhh Thank you! Really appreciate your support.
Have you joined us yet? Commit before midnight to support the Governor’s plan to Rebuild the American Dream: 
Tune in NOW to @MSNBC and watch the Governor talk with @chucktodd.
LIVE at 5:30pm ET—watch the Governor on @ChuckTodd’s new show MTP Daily.
RT @meetthepress: 30 minutes to : @MartinOMalley @ckubeNBC @hmcghee and @charlescwcooke join @chucktodd at 5pET on @MSNBC! http://…
Thanks, @TomSteyer. Read my full plan:  
Last chance to win! You must enter by midnight to be in the running for a personalized song from the governor: 
Thank you, @RepGutierrez. I agree, we need . Congress should pass .
I came out against the Keystone Pipeline over a year ago. Why?

Today, and everyday, I . We cannot let Republicans continue this attack that endangers health care for millions. 
.@pbpost ed: Voters should have been able to hear directly from the candidates by now, answering tough questions. 
There are some decisions that government is no good at making, like those between a woman and her doctor.

I’m tuning my guitar to sing a song for someone. Will it be you?  
.@PPFA provides necessary medical care for millions each year. Join me today and  to show that you .
Take it from @SenJohnMcCain. Or David Petraeus. Or the IC. Or actual interrogators…  
Hey @CarlyFiorina—torture is wrong. It doesn’t work. It doesn’t make us safer &amp; it demeans who we are as Americans. 
A good step. I would universally require this kind of reporting from state and federal law enforcement: 
I believe that the candidate that emerges on caucus night is one who campaigns the way we’ve been campaigning. 
In school I discovered my love of history &amp; how the knowledge of our past can shape the future  don’t have that chance.  -O'M
My answer: Del dicho al hecho hay mucho trecho. The question? Watch:

We can use technology to improve workers’ lives in the gig economy. 
I’ve now visited 40 counties in Iowa. Learn more about our campaign, and join us:  
We need to talk about the issues that are being discussed at kitchen tables across our country. 

RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley signs a pledge card for @NextGenClimate to focus on climate change solutions  …
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley meets his supporters from @SimpsonCollege  
RT @983TheTorch: .@MartinOMalley walking and talking with voters as he makes his way through the Latino Festival.  …
Let me write you a song:  
RT @CNNSotu: Appearing on CNN's State of the Union, @MartinOMalley embraces @Pontifex's call for the global abolition of the death penalty.…
RT @jaketapper: Coming up on @CNNSotu at noon -- @RealBenCarson @NancyPelosi @MartinOMalley and more!
RT @betsy_klein: .@MartinOMalley talks about the Pope's  visit from DSM this beautiful Sunday morning - catch him on @CNNSotu http://t.…
RT @CNNSotu: .@NancyPelosi @RealBenCarson and @MartinOMalley are all on a special edition of  -tune in at 9a and 11a ET …
RT @omalleyforia: Henry County Democrats are on their feet this evening to give @MartinOMalley a standing O!   http:…
RT @ksosanie: Simpson College students for @MartinOMalley.  
RT @omalleyfornh: He led MD to have the #1 rated schools in the country for 5 years - Peter Murphy on @MartinOMalley in Hampton …
RT @omalleyforia: " is the greatest job creation opportunity to come to this county in 100 yrs." @MartinOMalley  htt…
RT @JosephOHern: "This land was made for you and me" Just another day on the trail with @MartinOMalley &amp; @omalleyforia team  http:…
RT @omalleyforia: Talk to one of our organizers like @JoJo_Sabine in DSM to get involved, or sign up online at  http…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley talks immigration reform in Oskaloosa: "In our country, there's no such thing as a spare American." http:…
RT @OskyNews: @MartinOMalley takes questions at a town hall meeting in @OskaloosaIA 
RT @omalleyforia: "This planet is worth saving." @MartinOMalley tells crowd about his plan for 100% clean energy by 2050  …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley has arrived at a packed @smokeyrow in Oskaloosa!   
RT @omalleyfornh: MD County Commissioner Peter Murphy is in Bedford to talk about @MartinOMalley's record of getting things done …
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley, as usual, just gets guitars handed to him at events  
RT @SarahBeckman3: Seems like a good chunk of the crowd are people who have met @MartinOMalley before, want to hear more.  http://…
RT @JakeOeth:  @ DSM Farmer's Market w/ @MartinOMalley  talking about his progressive record and getting things done! …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley telling crowd of ~120 @DTFarmersMarket that our economy is not money, our economy is people  htt…
RT @ksosanie: Woman to @MartinOMalley: "I really like what you've done on min wage &amp; gun control. Those are big for me"  http://t.…
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley working the Farmers Market crowd in Des Moines  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley chats about local produce with Iowans at the DSM Farmers Market this morning  …
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley starting day at Des Moines Farmers Market. Then on to Oskaloosa, Albia, Mount Pleasant.  http:/…
RT @SarahBeckman3: .@MartinOMalley is set to speak at the downtown Des Moines Farmers Market in a few minutes.  …
Somos un país generoso y compasivo, pero nuestras políticas se están quedando cortas con nuestros valores.  
Have you taken our  poll yet? 
RT @latimespolitics: Ahead of next month's Democratic debate, @MartinOMalley talks immigration with @katelinthicum  h…
RT @omalleyforia: Live in Oskaloosa? Come meet @MartinOMalley tomorrow at the @SmokeyRow Coffee Bar at 12PM   http:/…
Goal 5: Put 11 million new Americans on the pathway to citizenship through comprehensive immigration reform  
La causas raíz de la crisis humanitarias son complejas, pero ayudando a los refugiados no lo es. 
Take our poll! Do you agree we need more than four Dem. debates before NH/IA to counter hateful Republican rhetoric?
Another great step toward  action, with @POTUS leading the charge toward  
RT @SBSunPhoto: @MartinOMalley former Governor of  and 2016 presidential candidate, visited @pitzercollege today. …
RT @haleymorris: "Let me be clear," @MartinOMalley  tells @pitzercollege, "I am against for-profit prisons" &amp; draws biggest applause of the…
RT @cmcforum: "Wherever you start in our country, through your own determination, grit, and drive. You should be able to get ahead." 

-Mar…
Packed room @pitzercollege. Watch the live stream now!   
RT @haleymorris: Selfies going strong w/ @MartinOMalley at @pitzercollege! 
Watch LIVE as the Governor speaks with students and community members at @pitzercollege:  Thanks to @pzsenate!
RT @AnnieGreaney: Packed house here @pitzercollege for the @MartinOMalley speech. #2016  
RT @CNNSotu: .@MartinOMalley will join @jaketapper for an exclusive interview on  to talk @Pontifex, 2016, and more. …
Gracias Sophie for your courage &amp; letter to @Pontifex. As POTUS, I’ll act immediately so families stay together. -O’M 
I think it’s party malpractice for us to allow these Republican debates to go on without us answering. @Salon: 
RT @HuffPostPol: Pope Francis calls on Congress to take "courageous actions" on climate change  
Goal 8: End childhood hunger in America by 2020.   
Here's wishing a joyful  to American Muslims celebrating across our great nation—where you can be anything you want to be. Mubarak
A very Happy Birthday to the poet laureate of the American Dream, 
Bruce @Springsteen. -O’M
The United States should heed Pope Francis’ call by welcoming no fewer than 65,000 Syrian refugees next year. 
RT @omalleyforia: MEET @MartinOMalley this Saturday throughout Iowa:    
Katie and I wish a safe and easy fast to those gathering across America, Israel, &amp; the world to observe Yom Kippur. -O'M
Leadership is about forging public opinion, not following it. On , @HillaryClinton has followed. (2/2)
I oppose  because it's bad for our environment and we need to move to a clean energy future. (1/2)
RT @omalleyforia: WATCH @MartinOMalley talk with @mitchellreports about @Pontifex historic trip to the US.   https:/…
A warm welcome to the United States, @pontifex. Such a blessing to have you visit our country. ¡Bienvenido!
Great wrap up of my day at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention. 

RT @WomenBelong: Just received this note from former MD Gov &amp; pres candidate @MartinOMalley. Thanks for supporting ! http:…
Know someone who needs to register?   
Tune in NOW to watch live.   @mitchellreports @MSNBC 
Los refugiados no eligen emigrar, ellos huyen para salvar sus vidas. 
Refugees don't choose to migrate; they flee to save their lives. 
Tune in to @mitchellreports at the top of the hour to hear from the Governor. 
Goal 2: Generate 100% of American electricity with renewable energy by 2050.   
Pope Francis' visit calls for a reflection on our nation's obligations, priorities. My op-ed: 
Thrilled that @GabiDomenzain &amp; @Jose_Aristimuno are part of HuffPost's "40 Under 40: Latinos in American Politics" 
RT @NCRonline: .@MartinOMalley Martin O'Malley provided commentary to NCR on Francis'  visit  …
“CitiStat was a huge success. It went national, and now CitiStat is being used by cities all over the United States” 
The Republicans can have their anger and fear, but that never built a great country.

Before NHDP Convention: "Martin O’Malley energized a couple of hundred supporters Saturday morning” @NH1News 
RT @kramer_ben: Great to see @MartinOMalley on Cedar Rapids Gazette front page this am! Join team @omalleyforia today!  …
It’s sad to see the party of Lincoln being led by candidates who choose bigotry against Muslim-Americans over “united we stand.”
American people are better than latest Trump/Carson/GOP anti-Muslim bigotry.  Hate is not an American value. 
¡Felicidades a Don Francisco por su exitosa carrera! Por 53 años @SabadoGigante vivió en nuestros corazones, y ahí seguirá. 
RT @LateNightSeth: Why we really watch the . 
Snapshot from Instagram. Are you following the Governor yet?    
RT @ServiceNationNH: Thank You @MartinOMalley for referencing expanding national service at @NHDems Convention!!   http:…
.@DropkickMurphys Thanks! Come play a tune with me next time I'm in Boston? -O'M
RT @DropkickMurphys: Heard Presidential candidate @martinomalley used our music today. It's nice to have a guy who stands up for working pe…
Join us today if you agree:     
RT @omalleyfornh: The enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence—it is the Statue of Liberty.   http://…
RT @pretcap: @MartinOMalley giving one heck of a speech ---&gt; 
Yo soy el único precandidato presidencial con quince años de experiencia ejecutiva.  
RT @caseymcdermott: .@MartinOMalley elicits applause when he hits notes on economic inequality: raising minimum wage, OT pay, equal pay, su…
RT @Telegraph_Chris: It didn't take too long for @MartinOMalley to win over this NH convention crowd. 
Whether we give our children a future with less opportunity or more opportunity is, too, a choice.  
RT @omalleyfornh: We froze college tuition four years in a row to make college more affordable for more families.  …
This is about us. We the people.   
RT @omalleyfornh: Our nation needs , not new divisions.   
RT @janeinak: Martin O'malley 
RT @Eva4organizing: It is @MartinOMalley time at NHDC!!!!! 
HAPPENING NOW: Gov. O’Malley speaks at the New Hampshire State Convention. Watch:   
@ASAP_Morgy glad you could make it!
RT @ASAP_Morgy: We are thankful to @MartinOMalley and his campaign for getting us tickets to the   
RT @omalleyfornh: Tune in at 11:20am to see Gov. O'Malley speak LIVE at the NH State Convention!   http://…
RT @vogt_for_nicky: "I'm supporting @MartinOMalley because he's already accomplished what I want in his own state"   ht…
RT @AliceOllstein: .@MartinOMalley tells a small NH crowd about his progressive record on immigration, death penalty &amp; min. wage.  htt…
RT @danmericaCNN: O'Malley walks with supporters to the NH Democratic Convention. 
RT @ABCLiz: "Give me an O! Give me an Apostrophe!" @MartinOMalley supporters chanting outside 
RT @caseymcdermott: .@MartinOMalley's here to rally the crowd — echoing call for more debates, decrying "carnival barker" Donald Trump. htt…
RT @MollieByron: Thanks to Claire for stopping by our @omalleyfornh booth to talk about why she supports @MartinOMalley  …
RT @BUCollegeDems: Dems up bright &amp; early to travel to  and meet @MartinOMalley 
RT @mattcorridoni: The @MartinOMalley geotag on @Snapchat is the best thing about social media right now    http…
.@omalleyfornh out early for the campaign! Excited for the convention!  
RT @vogt_for_nicky: .@tuftsdems join us for the  convention @MartinOMalley  
.@chrislhayes - I’m in. How about you  @BernieSanders, @HillaryClinton, @lessig, @JimWebbUSA, @LincolnChafee?
Thanks @NancyPelosi for joining the call for more debates.  
RT and join me if you agree the United States should accept 65,000 Syrian refugees—it’s the right thing to do. 
Unlike the hateful words you heard at the , I would warmly welcome 65,000 Syrian refugees. 
Shame on you, @realDonaldTrump. “Muslim” is not a slur. You cannot scapegoat your way to the presidency. -O'M
RT @omalleyfornh: Come meet @MartinOMalley before the NHDP Convention!  
Gracias  for having the courage to share your stories across the  Estamos con ustedes. 
It’s Party malpractice to allow Republicans to continue to debate &amp; not let Americans hear from us.  
RT @NicholsUprising: 24M watched 1st R debate.
23M watched 2nd R debate.
Viewership of D debates so far: 0.
@MartinOMalley is right: This i…
¡Feliz Día Nacional de la Ciudadanía! Hoy celebramos a nuestros nuevos ciudadanos y a todos aquellos que necesitamos sacar de las sombras.
On this , let’s celebrate the diversity and contributions  add to our country.
RT @BrandonRittiman: Now: @MartinOMalley says he'd use executive action to reschedule  as sched 2, "not there yet" on full legali…
LIVE on : Apologies for the technical difficulties; Denver marijuana listening session is back up and run… 
LIVE on : Tune in to join me for my marijuana legalization listening session in Denver 
I’ll be on @JDBmsnbc this morning at 10:30am ET with @jdbalart. Tune in! 
Hoy a las 10:30am ET estaré en @JDBmsnbc con @jdbalart. !No te lo pierdas! 
We just sat through hrs of —from bad economic policies to racism. &amp; @TheDemocrats? Crickets.  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley grew MD's Renewable Generation Capacity by more than 56%    http://t.…
Lo que se escucha en el  son ideas del pasado y retorica racista.   
On a Democratic Party debate stage, Governor O’Malley will welcome New Americans, not insult them.  
When SCOTUS upheld marriage equality as a human right, Governor O’Malley was there—&amp; got it done in MD.  
Refugees are escaping unimaginable war 
&amp; famine. Governor O’Malley would welcome them with open arms.  
All you’ll hear on the  stage is racist rhetoric &amp; backward ideas.   
RT @vogt_for_nicky:  not GOP hate.  @MartinOMalley @thedemocrats 
RT @Lis_Smith: .@MartinOMalley campaign manager Dave Hamrick fires up Dems of all stripes for  
RT @MollieByron: .@MartinOMalley Campaign Manager Dave Hamrick rallying the  troops in front of the DNC  http://t.…
Spotted outside @TheDemocrats headquarters.  
RT @GVHLive: Protest outside @TheDemocrats HQ on Capitol Hill. Most are @MartinOMalley supporters.  
RT if you agree  
Loud, chanting crowd at the @allowdebate  protest outside @thedemocrats headquarters. 
.@IStandWithAhmed Ahmed, you will be a fine engineer one day. Please do not let this incident hold you back.  -O’M
24 million Americans tuned in to the last . Tonight is their second debate. When will Americans hear from our Party? 
We have a responsibility as a moral leader of nations to step up in the face of this humanitarian crisis. 
RT @UniPolitica: El precandidato @MartinOMalley pidió en una carta a @POTUS que EEUU acepte a más refugiados sirios  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Hey NH check out this message from @MartinOMalley  
Don't forget! @LateNightSeth starts at 12:35 ET.

Tune in for a great show with the Governor.
RT @sethmeyers: Tonight:  Josh Brolin, @MartinOMalley and @JuddWinick!   Plus Back in My Day!
Tonight! The Governor will be on @LateNightSeth. Check it out!
The Governor is going to be on @MSNBC at 6:15. If you're able to, tune in! 
"I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of other mothers and fathers losing their kids to guns.”  via @Newsweek
"Over eight years as Governor of Maryland, he put in place one of the strongest packages of gun control of any state” 
Join me in celebrating  &amp; showcasing the talents &amp; contributions Latinos add to our country. 
¡Celebremos juntos el Mes de la Herencia Hispana! Las contribuciones de los Latinos son vitales para nuestro pais. 
Fixed. RT @NRA Martin O'Malley's plan to "restore the American Dream" includes a gun registry. 
RT @CSGV: .@MartinOMalley Calls for Cutting  Gun Deaths in Half in 10 Years     
RT @PPNHAF: "I believe there are some decisions govt is no good at making, including a women's healthcare decisions." @MartinOMalley on @dr…
Excited to be on the @drshow live at 10  Watch the live stream:  
Law enforcement must have the tools required to ensure gun safety and hold bad actors accountable. Read my plan: 
Domestic abusers can still easily purchase and own guns. We need to do more to save lives:  
RT @MomsDemand: Yet another presidential hopeful has signed on to support ! @MartinOMalley 
This is too important to hold off any longer. We need reform now. My op-ed via @CNNOpinion:  
RT @NRA: .@MartinOMalley calls for a national gun   
RT @ColinDaileda: O'Malley laid out basics of this plan: , now others telling their stories, talking advocacy. http:…
RT @ColinDaileda: Ella Thomas and Juanita Morgan, left to right, are both at the gun control panel. Both lost sons to gun violence. http://…
RT @ColinDaileda: At a Gov. Martin O'Malley roundtable in NYC where he's talking about the gun control plan he'd implement as pres. http://…
.@ScottWalker No. This would hurt families across America. If we want wages to go up, we must make it easier to join unions—not harder. -O'M
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan:  
Wishing all a happy and healthy new year this . L’shanah tovah. -O’M
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@ElUniversal: @MartinOMalley's Director de Prensa Hispana, @Jose_Aristimuno!   http://t…
.@leopoldolopez + other Venezuelan political prisoners should be released immediately. No room for this repression in our shared hemisphere.
It was a pleasure traveling to Storm Lake and talking with Lorena from @laprensaiowa. Gracias! 
"O’Malley’s stance is consistent w/ his advocacy last summer on behalf of unaccompanied minors from Central America" 
.@DMRegister’s editorial is spot on. The  needs to welcome more Syrian refugees. 
We should always remember the importance of the values we share together. We must never forget.
We recognize and thank those brave individuals who defend us each and every day.
Today, we remember the courage of the first responders and ordinary citizens who gave their lives to save others.
On this day in 2001, we mourned as a city, a state, and a nation. Today, we remember those who lost their lives in the attacks.
RT @eegorman: A little rain won't keep these Philadelphians from @MartinOMalley !   
RT @BrendanMcP: .@MartinOMalley playing lead guitar &amp; singing classic Irish pub songs? Yes please! 


RT @allinwithchris: .@MartinOMalley on refugee crisis: "We have to act like the good and generous and compassionate people we are" http://t…
Debemos ayudar a los mas necesitados: de  hasta , y en EEUU a refugiados que encarcelamos. 
Tried to make an honest buck on Wall   @ijreview
Every day that passes we have more &amp; more voicing their concerns about @TheDemocrats exclusivity. How many will it take? 
Thanks @democracynow for hosting me this morning and for the great conversation! -O'M 
Watch on TV or listen on the radio! The Governor will be on @democracynow live at 8:10 ET. 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe now!  
Good morning! The Governor will be on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Don't miss it.  
.@chrislhayes and that's why .
Thanks @TulsiGabbard @R_T_Rybak for echoing the call of so many in our Party.   
I totally agree. . 
Turn on @allinwithchris now to see the Governor!  
Are you watching @allinwithchris? I'll be on to talk with @chrislhayes. 
Make sure to watch @allinwithchris tonight. 
RT @ComeHereSayThat: Get to know presidential candidate @MartinOMalley and his daughter Grace: 
RT @bpolitics: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley weighs in on @JebBush's tax plan, and much much more   …
El Partido Demócrata seguirá llevando a nuestro país hacia adelante con ideas progresistas y audaces. 
RT @omalleyfornh:  
NH Democratic leaders @mfclark @LouDallesandro &amp; @SenatorHosmer join the  call.  
What to do about the root cause of this humanitarian crisis may be complex, but helping refugees is not:   @USATODAY
The world is in the midst of a nearly unprecedented global refugee crisis. Our nation must do more. Read my op-ed: 
Our Party will be the one to lead our nation forward with bold, progressive ideas. Join us if you agree: 
RT @SenatorHosmer: More debates = Stronger Democracy :DNC debate rule hurts Democrats and the country | New Hampshire  …
"Getting things done." I keep hearing this phrase on the road. Learn more about my 15 years of getting things done:

RT @omalleyforia: “Democratic presidential hopeful @MartinOMalley brought a strong pro-labor message to Iowa City on Labor Day” …
RT @CNNPolitics: .@MartinOMalley on refugee crisis: "For us to sit back and do nothing  is morally indefensible" 
Add your name if you agree with the Governor: the  should accept more Syrian refugees  
Tune in NOW as Governor O’Malley joins @jaketapper live!   
Coming up live on @TheLeadCNN with @jaketapper. Tune in! 
Yet another leader saying . I agree with Peter, @TheDemocrats should remove themselves from the process.

RT @omalleyfornh: Pete Burling raises some interesting questions for the DNC  
“Democratic presidential hopeful Martin O'Malley brought a strong pro-labor message to Iowa City on Labor Day” 
“I drove 100 miles to see him. I wanted to see him in person, and the trip is worth it.”   
RT @ksosanie: After a very successful Labor Day wkd with @MartinOMalley, @JakeOeth coloring in 4 new counties on the  map http://t…
RT @shannonrwatts: .@MomsDemand in  asking candidates where they stand on . Thank you @MartinOMalley for supporting Moms! htt…
Gracias a todos los trabajadores cuyo empeño y labor, nos hacen un gran país. Seguiré luchando por ustedes. 
RT @DavidRedlawsk: .@MartinOMalley giving a rousing labor speech, raising minimum wage, living wage, collective bargaining.  http:…
RT @omalleyforia: "Let's raise the minimum wage however and whenever we can." - @MartinOMalley    …
RT @omalleyfornh: 90degrees couldn't deter @MartinOMalley's marchers Special thanks to Will &amp;Grace O'Malley for joining us!  htt…
Way to go @POTUS. I will defend and expand this rule. No one should have to work when they're sick or need to take care of family.
Thank you to all who work day in &amp; day out to make our economy prosper. I will continue to fight for you: 
The American worker has helped build this country. Happy —thank you for all the progress you have made to improve our nation. -O’M
RT @omalleyfornh: Will and Grace O'Malley repping their Dad at the NH Labor Breakfast!  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley taking questions in Anamosa    
RT @omalleyforia: Peter Riley, is supporting @MartinOMalley because of his commitment to equal justice to all Americans.  http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking to  in Tipton about rebuilding the    http://t.…
We must continue to be a compassionate and generous people. We must do our part and accept more Syrian refugees. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking at the AFL-CIO Clinton Labor Picnic    -CIO …
Join me in calling for the  government to do more to address this humanitarian crisis.  
.@Pontifex has called for moral leadership, for empathy and action during this refugee crisis. He is right: 
RT @omalleyforia: Read about @MartinOMalley's visit to @ConfluenceBrew in the @DMRegister:  
RT @IAStartingLine: Big crowd of maybe 250 here at @ConfluenceBrew for @MartinOMalley at Pints &amp; Politics  
RT @carleegriffeth: Huge cheers for @MartinOMalley as he stumps from a chair to a very crowded room at @ConfluenceBrew  …
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley shaking hands in a packed crowd at Confluence Brewing Company tonight. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Will and Grace O'Malley talking  over pizza at St. A's!  
RT @ksosanie: Boone woman yells out mid-speech to say "nice job" to @MartinOMalley in standing up to @TheDemocrats on . …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley talking his progressive record &amp;  to full house now in Ogden today   http:…
RT @SarahBeckman3: One @MartinOMalley supporter at the Ogden event says he drove 100 miles to hear O'Malley speak, wouldn't miss him. …
RT @omalleyforia: While you're enjoying , get ready: 
  
RT @ksosanie: Kicking off the Labor Day weekend AFSCME townhall with @MartinOMalley in Altoona  
RT @omalleyfornh: Portsmouth is excited about ! Great to have Grace O'Malley here to help us spread the word!  htt…
RT @omalleyfornh: Will O'Malley talking  in Keene  find out more  
Read a great recap of my recent trip to San Francisco and all of our civic tech events on @Techcocktail: 
RT @Pawn4CYNH: It was great to hear @MartinOMalley appreciate our @americorps members on their choice of @nationalservice ! …
RT @CityYearNH: Today @MartinOMalley accepted a uniform piece from one of our awesome staff members @PotterPowerCY ! 
RT @CityYearNH: @MartinOMalley thank you for visiting our office &amp; appreciating our 70 @americorps mem. on the service they provide. http:/…
RT @omalleyfornh: Chris Potter of City Year NH inspired by @MartinOMalley and gives him his City Year Jacket  …
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley meets with education group in Manchester, New Hampshire: 
RT @bivonajohn: "In Maryland we expanded voting rights to more than 52,000". @MartinOMalley   
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley: "national service is a key component for cutting youth unemployment."  
RT @CityYearNH: Excited to have @MartinOMalley speaking on National Service and education! 
RT @kailanikm: Martin O'Malley chats with students and the presidential selfie girls at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester. …
Watch LIVE as Governor O’Malley discusses his debt-free college plan:  
We as a compassionate people must do more to help those who flee war and famine. 
RT @bivonajohn: .@martinomalley Kicking off the day in Salem! Thx to the Salem Dems and Salem Chamber for hosting.   http:/…
RT @bivonajohn: .@MartinOMalley in Salem "the enduring symbol of our country is not a barbed wire fence, it's the Statue of Liberty" http:/…
RT @vaughnFNC: .@MartinOMalley touts record as gov:I'm the only candidate running in our  has actually done these things http:/…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley arrives at Salem Chamber to talk    
Every American should have the opportunity to serve his or her country through national service. Here’s how to do it: 
RT @NotiUno: HOY 10am: Carmen Jovet entrevista al precandidato demócrata, Martin O'Malley por @NotiUno 
 …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley is back in the Granite State today talking    …
RT @RachelPoliner: Impressive plans from @MartinOMalley re econ justice, college debt, clean energy, voter access. Good eve @ Doyle's. http…
RT @zytehamel: Huge crowd 2 see @MartinOMalley in Boston tonight! Thx to Councilor Matt O'Malley for hosting us.  …
RT @Editor_JMike: Large turnout at @MattOMalley 's meet &amp; greet for Gov Martin O'Malley at Doyle's 
RT @BosPublicRadio: Did you miss @MartinOMalley on BPR? Have no fear, the internet is here: 
Yo estoy listo para debatir en Septiembre. Apóyame y firma tu nombre:  
 to 2008 when @HillaryClinton agreed . Will she join us now? 
"A growing number of party activists, from NH to IA, are voicing concern about the DNC’s plan to hold six debates". 
RT @shirazita: .@MartinOMalley joins @jimbraude and @MargeryEagan on @BosPublicRadio - tune in right now on  
RT @BosPublicRadio: Former Governor of Maryland, Mayor of Baltimore, presidential candidate @MartinOMalley joins us now …
Too many applicants are denied the opportunity to participate in national service programs. Let’s fix that: 
Young professionals out in full force to hear the Governor speak  
Using @fema corps as an example, we need to develop new federal service corps.  
RT @MBrownCY: .@MartinOMalley pledges to fully fund @AmeriCorps &amp; provide a half million service opportunities by 2024. …
RT @ComeHereSayThat: We're with @MartinOMalley today and we want your questions! Tweet us using  and see his answers on the …
 can be more closely connected to the educational experience.  
RT @ChrisRedfern419: Plan by @MartinOMalley to hike size of @americorps would help Lake Erie watershed. Dramatic investments in sewer upgra…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@ServiceNationNH thanks @MartinOMalley &amp; talks about his plan to expand national service opportunities
…
RT @zmaurin: Inspired by @MartinOMalley's bold natl service plan, growing @AmeriCorps from 80k to 500k on path to 1M 
We need to fully fund then double @AmeriCorps to provide 500,000 service opportunities. My plan for National Service: 
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.   
Unlike @RealBenCarson, I am working with vets across the country on a plan that is worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Apparently @RealBenCarson didn’t talk to vets for his vets plan. We should fight for vets, not cut care: 
“A gutsy &amp; fiery O’Malley chastised the DNC … for limiting the party’s presidential primary debates to just four.” 
Our Party will bring us forward, but only if we can present &amp; debate our ideas.   
RT @ChouBenjamin: And another supporter from @IowaStateU for @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley  
RT @WVFDW: "Whether or not we make the American Dream true again for all American families is up to us.” -@MartinOMalley 
"Speaking to a crowd of just over 200, O'Malley hammered on the need to make the economy work for everyone." 
Happy to say I have made the most stops in  among the Democratic candidates. I’ll see you again this weekend. 
We must make our case and let the people decide. 

"My wife Elinor and I are endorsing Martin O’Malley to bring back that 'great prosperity’" - Berkley Bedell  
RT @johnbrisini: .@MartinOMalley Completely support what you're doing! Dems need a robust primary. It's not all about one candidate!…
O’Malley drew long bursts of applause from the Grinnell crowd 
RT @omalleyforia: 300+ people are packed into 's backroom to hear @MartinOMalley speak on middle class values  …
RT @CYDiowa: Governor @MartinOMalley talked renewable energy, better policing practices and affordable college in Grinnell today …
RT @BMcGrizzly: It's raining commit to caucus cards here in Grinnell!  @ Grinnell College 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley stays until the last question is answered – meeting every caucus goer!   http://…
RT @LouieLumber: "I've restored voting rights to 50,000 people in our state" - @MartinOMalley    …
RT @omalleyforia: "Corporations are not people!" - @MartinOMalley     
RT @983TheTorch: .@MartinOMalley says we only have two paths now: "A sensible rebalancing, advancing the common good."  …
RT @omalleyforia: "Our economy is not money; it's people. It's all of our people." - @MartinOMalley    http:…
RT @ksosanie: President of Grinnell students for @MartinOMalley speaking now abt why he switched to   …
Huge crowd of over 400 students @grinnellcollege ready for Governor O’Malley!  @omalleyforia 
RT @983TheTorch: For a college of about 1700, 400+ coming to see @MartinOMalley is pretty telling.  
RT @SarahBeckman3: Newton resident tells me she'd like to see @MartinOMalley debate on the national stage, wants his name out there more. #…
RT @983TheTorch: For some in the room, it's their first time seeing @MartinOMalley. Others say they've seen him 3 times.  http://t…
RT @SarahBeckman3: About 400+ students, community members waiting for @MartinOMalley. Strong turnout for a Sunday morning.  http:/…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley is about to speak to a packed house at     …
RT @SarahBeckman3: Really packed room for @MartinOMalley at Grinnell College. First time he's on campus.  
RT @983TheTorch: People sitting on floors, standing against walls at Grinnell College, waiting for @MartinOMalley to speak.  http:…
RT @omalleyfornh: Living room by living room, @MartinOMalley marches on in New Hampshire   …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@martinomalley on @WMUR9 talks expanding social security, DNC debates, and his  campaign  …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley in the overflow room after the  Immigration Forum    …
RT @UniPolitica: "Creo que las mejores campañas son las que lideran con ideas y eso es lo que ha hecho mi campaña" @MartinOMalley 
RT @omalleyfornh: As Governor @MartinOMalley passed the Dream Act    
RT @UniPolitica: "Debemos dejar de detener detrás de rejas a mujeres y niños que buscan protección en nuestro país" señala @MartinOMalley #…
RT @JuanSaaa: .@MartinOMalley:  reform [should not be]  a check the box issue for this or that constituency group.

 …
RT @TUSK81: At , Pres candidate @MartinOMalley says passing immigration reform is a "national economic imperative." …
RT @omalleyforia: Watch @MartinOMalley speak  immigration forum here:    
RT @omalleyfornh: As @MartinOMalley gets ready to participate in an immigration reform forum today here’s a piece he wrote on his plan http…
RT @GabiDomenzain: 2. @MartinOMalley gave drivers licenses to New Americans so they could drive safely to/from work, school. 
RT @GabiDomenzain: Refresher while we wait for @MartinOMalley: 1. passed DREAM Act, led MD to become first state to defend it at ballot box…
RT @omalleyforia: Watch  immigration forum live from Univision. @MartinOMalley will speak around 3:30c  …
RT @ksosanie: Full auditorium at BVU for  forum! @MartinOMalley one of only 2 pres candidates to attend &amp; speak  http://…
RT @UniPolitica:  reúne a académicos,  y precandidatos para hablar de inmigración en Iowa. Puedes seguirlo AQUÍ&gt;&gt; http:/…
Today’s  anniversary brings back memories from my time as Mayor of Baltimore. Read more: 
Today, our thoughts are with those lost ten years ago, and those still struggling to rebuild or return home. 
RT @MNFarmersUnion: Governor @MartinOMalley Greeting western MN farmer @peco34 at Farmers Union State Fair booth 
RT @Lis_Smith: .@MartinOMalley "had one clear chance to make waves within the DNC, &amp; he seized it, delivering a fiery speech.” …


 
RT @omalleyfornh: NH Dem Leaders: The Democratic primary debate schedule shortchanges New Hampshire   http…
RT @carleegriffeth: "Ours is the party opportunity, ours is the party of the people." - @MartinOMalley 
RT @NicholsUprising: "We need debate! We need debate!" declares @MartinOMalley at DNC meeting. Gets a standing ovation. …
RT @GabiDomenzain: Standing O for @MartinOMalley we need to be the DEMOCRATIC party  
RT if you agree .  
RT @omalleyforia: .@martinomalley: “I am the only candidate w/ 15yrs of executive experience”    …
Add your name NOW if you agree :  
The truth can damn well defend herself—but she must be stated first. We must make our case, and let the people decide. 
Silence &amp; complacency in the face of hate is not an honorable option for our Party. Watch:  
One debate in Iowa. That’s it?
 
One debate in New Hampshire. That's all we can afford?  
This sort of rigged process has never been attempted before.   
Happening NOW—Governor O’Malley addresses @TheDemocrats LIVE. Watch:   
WATCH: Governor O’Malley will address @TheDemocrats live, momentarily:   
RT @MinnesotaDFL: .@MartinOMalley to visit    booth at 4:30  Don't miss chance to meet this progressive leader! http:…
"O'Malley is the kind of guy who will stay longer than anyone. answer every last question, shake every last hand." 
RT @UniPolitica: Opinión: ¿Por qué estoy confrontando a Donald Trump?  por @MartinOMalley  …
No country has the problem that our country has with gun violence. 
Strong decision by @NLRB—one that I'd defend in office. Now, more workers will be able to bargain for higher wages. 
.@RichardTrumka, I agree. We must say no to hate and racism. This hateful rhetoric has no place in our country. 
"His message resonated w/ the group in Windham, especially when O'Malley talked about his successful 7 years as gov.” 
“I found that a lot of my personal, progressive beliefs aligned with him, it just kept going, a huge checklist.” 
RT @Jay1043: .@MartinOMalley in NH - winning over hearts and votes one handshake at a time     …
RT @MattSheaff: .@MartinOMalley talks expanding social security, criminal justice reform, DNC debates w/ @JackHeathRadio  http:/…
Listen to the Governor on @NewsRadio610 now: 
RT @omalleyfornh: At 8:20 @MartinOMalley joins @JackHeathRadio in studio on @wgiram610 to talk    …
RT @ksosanie: Couldn't make it to an @omalleyforia  house party? Watch to learn more about @MartinOMalley's  …
RT @mpreambo: Listening to @MartinOMalley during our  party in Ames!  
RT @MVBarnhill: Henry County Chair Mary Hoyer telling this  House Party why she's endorsed @MartinOMalley  …
RT @the_teejster: .@MartinOMalley and the crowd here in Hollis in agreement    
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@Univision   
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley: "it's time to expand Social Security not cut it not privatize it." 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley brings Rebuilding the American Dream tour to Hollis  
Happy , Rally! 
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN US TONIGHT! Find a local @MartinOMalley event near you:     http:/…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley talking  and  in Manchester  
RT @shaunadamec: .@MartinOMalley at @McLane_Law in Manchester talking about . 
Como Presidente, luchare para que mujeres &amp; hombres ganen el mismo salario por el mismo trabajo.  
As President, I'd fight to cut the pay gap. I'd continue the fight for equality in the workplace:  
We expanded family planning to low-income women, , pushed for stronger domestic violence protections. 
In Maryland, we led the way on women's rights—signing the MD Lilly Ledbetter Act, passing parental leave. 
It’s hard to believe we are still fighting for equal pay, or for a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions. 
Hoy celebramos 95 años desde que las mujeres obtuvieron el derecho a votar. Hoy, todavía enfrentan muchas injusticias. 
 celebrates 95 years ago, when women were granted the right to vote. Today, they still face too many inequalities.
RT @plaistowdems: Great turnout for Martin O'Malley in Windham  today! @MartinOMalley @KristiStL    
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley answering every question shaking every hand the New Hampshire way  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley bringing the Rebuilding the American Dream tour to Portsmouth!  
Yet another call for more debates—granite staters deserve to hear from the candidates.   @ConMonitorNews
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicking off our Rebuilding the American Dream Tour in Windham  
RT @mattcorridoni: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley at house party in New Hampshire - unscripted retail politics!    …
RT @elraymer: Our superstar volunteer Maria getting all set up for @MartinOMalley in Windham! @omalleyfornh  …
.@WMUR9 is live-streaming our house party in Windham. Watch:    @omalleyfornh
Senseless. Awful. My thoughts are with the entire @WDBJ7 family. -O'M 
RT @omalleyfornh: New Hampshire! The Rebuilding the American Dream tour kicks off today in Windham. See you there!  …
RT @ksosanie: From @IAStartingLine: @MartinOMalley Grassroots Effort Chugging Along, Holding 30 House Parties Wednesday …
Me alegra saber que trabajadores de salud finalmente serán elegibles para el salario mínimo. 
RT @elraymer: BOOM. That's what I call getting things done. @omalleyfornh   
Glad health care workers will finally get minimum wage protections—everyone deserves fair pay &amp; respect on the job. 
RT @omalleyfornh: In advance of his trip to NH, @MartinOMalley lays out his plan to expand Social Security  …
Read my op-ed in @UnionLeader: to ensure retirement security, let's start by expanding .  
If @RealDonaldTrump is so tough, why does he take on minimum wage workers? Why does he scapegoat New Americans?

The Rebuild the American Dream Tour is coming to NH tomorrow. Search for events in your area here:  
HBD @NatlParkService! As President, I’ll commit to protecting our public lands.   
America is stronger when we keep families together—not break them up. 

RT @JDBmsnbc: .@MartinOMalley: ‘I don’t find anything tough about Donald Trump at all’ 

Miss my appearance on @jdbalart this morning? Watch here:  
RT @344_603: Our Turn: Let the Democratic candidates debate | Concord Monitor 
RT @mattcorridoni: “You make America stronger by keeping families together” - @MartinOMalley on 
I’ll be live with @JDBmsnbc at 9:05 —  don’t miss it! 
RT @omalleyforia: READ @globegazette's article on @MartinOMalley's support among Davenport Dems:   http://t.…
RT @CHCI: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley first to confirm attendance at the  Presidential Candidates Forum! …
.@iamjohnoliver, thanks for calling attention to the . Not only do I support, I was the first to do so: 
My plan will help increase the number of Americans with adequate retirement savings by 50 percent in eight years. 
Read my op-ed in the @qctimes about my plan to expand .  
RT @omalleyfornh: Maryland Attorney General @BrianFrosh on why he’s supporting @MartinOMalley  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@BrianFrosh: "we passed comprehensive gun safety legislation because of @MartinOMalley."  …
RT @MattSheaff: .@BrianFrosh: "@MartinOMalley made MD schools number 1 in the nation for 5 years in a row" 
RT @omalleyforia: SHARE if you agree we need to pay overtime pay for overtime work!    @MartinOMalley http:/…
RT @ksosanie: Rep Winkler introduces @MartinOMalley at a huge event in Davenport  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking about Rebuilding the American Dream in Muscatine, IA    http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley receiving a warm welcome at the Keokuk AFL-CIO Labor Temple    …
RT @omalleyfornh: Tomorrow! Maryland Attorney General @BrianFrosh will campaign on behalf of @MartinOMalley at Windems Annual Summer Social…
 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking to a packed house in Fairfield, Iowa.    
RT @omalleyforia: "Play of the day today in Democratic politics goes @MartinOMalley." - @maddow ​  …
RT @ChouBenjamin: Folks of all ages here at the Indianola Public Library to see @MartinOMalley @omalleyforia 
RT @omalleyforia: Great energy in Indianola today with @MartinOMalley on our Rebuilding the American Dream tour  …
RT @RepCummings: Thank you @MartinOMalley for supporting the expansion of  
.@RepCummings Social Security is one of the greatest achievements of our country. Thank you for leading this fight. -O’M
What happened to “give me your tired, your " WE should be leading on refugees from Syria, Ukraine,  
RT @SSWorks: .@MartinOMalley makes the case for expanding :   
Can't wait to talk   with @NHDems at their annual convention in September! -O'M
RT @NCPSSM: .@MartinOMalley recently released his plans for . We highlighted a few in today's graphic.  …
It’s not the sky that’s falling. It’s the floor that’s falling out from under our seniors:  
How extreme is the @NRA if supporting background checks and handgun licenses makes me a menace? This is why we fight. 
We need to expand . Here is my plan to do it:  
We need to expand Social Security benefits to provide a foundation for a more secure retirement. Read my op-ed: 
Like what you heard at ? Join our campaign for  today:  
RT @notmegawattage: Standing ovation for @MartinOMalley at  
RT @notmegawattage: This party is already yours. -@MartinOMalley  He just owned the room at 
RT @CAYoungDems: "I want you all to be DNC delegates! these halls are the leaders of the Dem. Party" -@MartinOMalley
RT @notmegawattage: The symbol of your America is not barbed wire and chain link fence. It's the Statue of Liberty. -@MartinOMalley  
RT @atima_omara: Democratic candidate for President and fmr Gov. @MartinOMalley addresses the @youngdems   convention …
RT @ColtonGriffin: "Fear and anger didn't build this country and don't solve problems" -@MartinOMalley   http://t.…
RT @lizabeth_verse: "Our economy should work for all of us, not just a few of us" Gov O'Malley at  
RT @jenhouse: .@MartinOMalley addressing all of us in attendance at  
RT @youngdems: LIVE on :  candidate @martinomalley speaking to ! 
Have a debate question of your own? Ask here—I’ll answer the most popular ones in the coming weeks:  
Signed. Jon Stewart moderating or not, .  
Gracias a @mariauxpen de la @LaOpinionLA por la oportunidad de hablar con ella sobre los temas mas importantes. 
  

RT @omalleyfornh: Don’t miss @MartinOMalley in NH - signup today!   
Thanks @maddow for recognizing that workers should be able to unionize &amp; @culinary226's efforts won't go unnoticed:

RT @PortsDems: Governor @MartinOMalley will be in Portsmouth next Wednesday for a BBQ. Details and RSVP are available here: …
Full house at our tech &amp; gov. panel w/ @JoinBrigade @POPVOX @BlackGirlsCode @Microsoft &amp; more.  
RT @trevorcornwell: Great  discussion with @MartinOMalley @BlackGirlsCode @POPVOX  @LassyProject @JoinBrigade …
RT @JoinBrigade: .@MartinOMalley @marcidale @lessin @MicrosoftSV @matthewmahan @6Gems challenges &amp; opportunities in innovation economy http…
RT @JoinBrigade: HAPPENING NOW! 
RT @Josh_Richman: Dem presidential candidate @MartinOMalley is about to start tech discussion at @JoinBrigade in SF 
RT @omalleyforia: "Right here in Clear Lake,  can hear the  the Martin O'Malley supporters."–CNN  http:…
I will be @JoinBrigade this AM with @POPVOX @BlackGirlsCode @Microsoft and others to talk about improving public service through technology.
RT @ericswalwell: Glad to see a full house for @MartinOMalley's New Leadership Reception in San Francisco! We're @Ready4Martin …
RT @cpalmatier: who just pitched a civic tech platform in front of presidential candidate @MartinOMalley? THESE GUYS //cc: @grodeska http:/…
RT @LassyProject: @LassyProject: Thank you @MartinOMalley for allowing us to pitch at   in  …
RT @sccornwell: Incredible night at the Hall in  listening to @MartinOMalley 
Via @Cmarinucci: watch our San Francisco start-up pitch contest LIVE on @periscopeco:  
RT @cmarinucci: LIVE on : LIVE in SF w Dem 2016 candidate @MartinOMalley campaign event w tech &amp; Millennials  …
RT @JoinBrigade: Happy to have our @HillaryLehr judge a civic tech startup pitch contest tonight w/ @MartinOMalley &amp; others! …
RT @Surf_Apps: Fantastic pitch for @LassyProject at @MartinOMalley   for  w/ @Forum280 @trevorcornwell …
Great crowd at tonight’s event in San Francisco! Excited to hear pitches from eight dynamic start-ups.  
RT @joegarofoli: White House candidate @MartinOMalley listens to tech startup pitches at The Hall in San Francisco 
RT @travismoore: Ready to pitch @MartinOMalley for  at startup civic tech competition!  
RT @omalleyforia: SHARE if you agree that we need to hold  accountable! 
   @MartinOMalley
https:…
RT @ben_buysse: Elaine believes in  .She backs  to # week she hits the phones 4 @MartinOMalley. http:…
Millions benefited from his work. He was selfless and driven to advance equity for all. RIP Rep. Stokes, @OfficialCBC founder. -O’M
If we want our economy to grow, we need to treat our workers with dignity and respect. 

RT @adambonin: latest for @dailykos:  O'Malley is taking the battle to Trump's front door 
RT @Culinary226: Governor @MartinOMalley gives the Trump workers a shoutout for their strength and courage. @TrumpLasVegas …
RT @RachelReko: Thanks for coming to our convention @MartinOMalley!  
RT @ArtieBlancoSays: "Our economy is not Money, Our Economy is People" @MartinOMalley 
RT @ydc226: We must raise the minimum wage to $15/hr wherever and whenever we can. @MartinOMalley
RT @RachelReko: "Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now." @MartinOMalley 
RT @NVAFLCIO: "Americas strength relies on an upwardly mobile ever growing middle class" @MartinOMalley  
RT @AVusk: Tony's writing letters saying why he supports @MartinOMalley. Check out his story:   …
RT @Culinary226: Trump workers thank @MartinOMalley for supporting their fight to organize at @TrumpLasVegas 
RT @Culinary226: .@MartinOMalley says that Trump should respect his workers and treat them fairly. @360Magazine 
Watch LIVE:   
RT @Culinary226: Now: @MartinOMalley speaks in front of the @TrumpLasVegas cc @realDonaldTrump 
LIVE on : Today I'm joining employees of @realDonaldTrump in Las Vegas as they demand the right to organi… 
RT @UniPolitica: .@MartinOMalley dará conferencia de prensa a las 11:00am PT con empleados de hotel de Trump en Las Vegas  http…
Candidates should have more opportunities to answer questions before the NH primary—ask yours:  
Candidates should have more opportunities to answer questions before —ask yours:  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley brings the Rebuilding the American Dream tour to NH. More info   http://…
RT @omalleyfornh:  
Help us tell @TheDemocrats to get out of the way and let the voters hear from the candidates:  
You shouldn’t have to wait till Oct. for the first debate—what questions do you want answered?  
RT @POPVOX: .@martinomalley, @BlackGirlsCode @lessin, @JoinBrigade &amp; @POPVOX talking   Thurs
 …
Our economy isn't money. Our economy is people. Join if you agree:   

RT @LaOpinionLA: O'Malley pide combatir “retórica de odio” de Donald Trump  
RT @MattSheaff: Good morning NH!  @MartinOMalley joins Dan Mitchell on @WKBKAM live at 9AM to talk . Tune in …
RT @omalleyforia: SHARE if you agree that we need  to make college more affordable! @MartinOMalley
  https:/…
Miss my speech at the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding? Catch it here:   
RT @omalleyfornh: Also, tomorrow 10AM @MartinOMalley joins @wkxlnhchris to talk , limited DNC debate schedule &amp;more  htt…
The  should take responsibility for Haiti's deadly cholera epidemic. Read my op-ed: 
RT @omalleyfornh: Hey NH tomorrow @MartinOMalley joins Dan Mitchell on @WKBKAM live at 9AM to talk . Tune in …
“[O'Malley] has truly demonstrated enlightened leadership as governor, and I think that’s very important."  
Progress is a choice. That's why I have laid out 15 strategic goals for our nation: 

RT @omalleyforia: @JakeOeth keeps a tally of the counties visited by @MartinOMalley. 26 down and more to come!   htt…
My IA state director @jakeoeth keeps a map of all the counties I've visited: 25 down &amp; many more to come this month! 
There is a humanitarian crisis happening in our own hemisphere but it's not likely you've heard of it. Read my op-ed: 
“I think [O’Malley’s] amazing,” said Monica Miller of Council Bluffs. “He’s for the people, by the people.”  
RT @jtackeff: Come meet @MartinOMalley in Portsmouth on August 26th! You can sign up here:   
 because it's the only way voters will get answers to these important questions.

Saddened to hear Julian Bond passed away—his passion, courage &amp; commitment to fighting for justice made an indelible mark on our world. -O'M
Catch me on @FaceTheNation in just 10 minutes at 10:40am EST where I’ll discuss , why , and more.
RT @FaceTheNation: Coming up at 10:30ET: former Gov @MartinOMalley on his fight for more  debates &amp; more – hope you’ll join us http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley in Council Bluffs supporting @CharlieMcConkey   Leadership   
RT @JosephOHern: The stage is set, come meet @CharlieMcConkey and @MartinOMalley here at Baylis Park in Council Bluffs …
RT @SCohen22: This is how you follow of a great day at the . Phone Banking for @MartinOMalley    http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: "Talk to our young people, they rarely believe that climate change isn't real"@MartinOMalley #iacaucus http…
RT @jtackeff: .@martinomalley's back in NH August 26 make sure you sign up at  to get the latest details 
RT @susaniniowa: @MartinOMalley is an elegant wordsmith who gave a passionate speech at the  tonight. 
RT @omalleyforia: Working the crowd @iowawingding.  
RT @ksosanie: As always- @MartinOMalley sticking around to meet &amp; talk to Iowans after . It's an  rule. …
RT @_LeahKay_: Meet &amp; greet with @MartinOMalley after the  dinner 
RT @IAStartingLine: Here's Berkley Bedell, former Iowa Congressman, who backed @MartinOMalley today   …
RT @omalleyforia: Enjoy the  speech? Ready for ? Join us today: 
“If a bank is too big to fail, too big to jail, &amp; too big to ’s too damn big, &amp; it needs to be broken up before it breaks us up."
RT @iowademocrats: .@MartinOMalley: "a strong middle class is the cause of economic growth."  
RT @ricksmith2825: .@MartinOMalley is third presidential candidate speaking tonight but he hits all the right notes &amp; excites  htt…
RT @susaniniowa: @MartinOMalley "Instead of cutting Social Security, we must expand Social Security." 
RT @omalleyforia: We must return to the economic justice of paying overtime pay for overtime work!  @iowawingding  …
"We fought for the DREAM Act, we fought for Marriage Equality—and we won.” Watch live:  
"We froze college tuition four years in a row to make college more affordable for every family. Actions, not words.” 
RT @IAStartingLine: Going to college shouldn't burden people with crushing debt for a lifetime @MartinOMalley tells  crowd …
Happening NOW, Governor O’Malley addresses the @iowawingding crowd:    
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley's hitting the @iowawingding stage at 8pm to talk  &amp; !  http:/…
Tune in at 9pm EST for my  speech in Iowa!    
RT @_LeahKay_: Creative signage from these @MartinOMalley guys outside the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding Dinner  
RT @JosephOHern: @omalleyforia showing the love for @MartinOMalley @iowawingding  
RT @IAStartingLine: He might be behind Clinton in polls, but @MartinOMalley matching in big event presence  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley's son Will leading chants for his dad outside Wing Ding Dinner  
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: The excitement is surreal @MartinOMalley      
RT @carleegriffeth: Team @MartinOMalley out in forces here in Clear Lake for the @iowawingding   
El Seguro Social es uno de los logros mas grandes de la nación, hay que expandirlo. 
RT @udidthisjgilde: Abby was excited to meet @MartinOMalley after watching his great speech at the Iowa State Fair. 
RT @MVBarnhill: Excited to be at the Iowa Wing Ding with @MartinOMalley today in Clear Lake 
.@iowademocrats party leader understands why . RT if you’re with us: 
RT @vogt_for_nicky: Out early supporting our next president   .@MartinOMalley 
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley responds "it's amazing what you can get done when executives talk to those doing the jobs"  http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: Thanks @brian_guillaume for your support, and for committing to caucus for @martinomalley!   http:…
RT @JayAFTA: @martinomalley Grace Rocked it at .  Dad has a great understanding of the arts and culture  thank you!
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking at a @VotingforKids roundtable on the rights of children    http://t.…
RT @ECMIowa: My artistic influences: waters of the Chesapeake Bay and the kids of the city of Baltimore. @MartinOMalley 
RT @ECMIowa: Eradicating poverty is hard. Feeding a child is simple. @MartinOMalley 
RT @ECMIowa: So excited to be talking w/ Gov @MartinOMalley about rebuilding the American Dream for our kids &amp; families! …
RT @ksosanie: Full table w/ @MartinOMalley &amp; Every Child Matters in Cedar Rapids on  to Rebuild American Dream  …
Happy 80th birthday —you protect the most vulnerable among us, and should be expanded. -O’M
Historic day @USEmbCuba &amp; for these 3 marines—looking forward to greater collaboration &amp; cooperation w/ our neighbor 
RT @omalleyfornh: Good read: @unionleader: @martinomalley Unveils Blueprint for 'American Dream' Dream' 
RT @ksosanie: After huge success at IA State Fair @MartinOMalley swings by Des Moines field office to thank phone bankers  http://…
  
RT @MattSheaff: Great buzz in the office calling our neighbors about @MartinOMalley's 15 Goals to Rebuild the American Dream …
RT @omalleyfornh: Phone banking here at headquarters for @MartinOMalley  
RT @IAStartingLine: Chants of "O'Malley" as @MartinOMalley leaves the Soapbox stage after energetic speech &amp; Q&amp;A  …
RT @omalleyforia: "Ours is the party that will rebuild the American Dream. And make the promise real again for all Americans!"  …
A new era of American progress calls for a new agenda to rebuild cities as places of justice &amp; opportunity for all. 
RT @983TheTorch: @MartinOMalley is definitely drawing in spectators at the Iowa State Fair bc of booming voice and energy.  http:/…
Watch live:  
“We make our own destiny.”      
RT @brianneDMR: .@MartinOMalley kicks off his speech at . "Progress is a choice."   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley has the loudest cheering crowd of today's Soapbox speeches  
WATCH LIVE, Governor O’Malley speaks at the  @DMRegister soapbox:  
RT @IAStartingLine: Large crowd out for @MartinOMalley's turn on Soapbox, many with signs, seems well-organized  …
The crowd is gathering for O’Malley at the  @DMRegister soapbox! WATCH LIVE @ 5pm EST   
RT @omalleyforia: An Iowan stops us at : "I was so impressed with CitiSTAT, and you measuring results."   htt…
RT @JosephOHern: Crowd starting to fill up for @MartinOMalley @DMRegister @IowaStateFair soap box!  
RT @cspan: .@MartinOMalley at @iowastatefair  – LIVE at 5pm ET on C-SPAN  
RT @haleymorris: It's the Reichardt family slide with @MartinOMalley and fam!  
RT @GrantMRodgers: "It was everything we thought it would be &amp; more," says @MartinOMalley upon descent from the Giant Slide.  http…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley and his kids Will and Grace went down the giant slide at    …
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley and his family heading to top of Reinhardt Family Slide at    …
RT @kelsey_kremer: An hour before @MartinOMalley's  appearance, supporters already claiming most of the chairs.  http:/…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley hearing about 3D printing tech at  
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley stops by to greet @iowademocrats at their booth at  
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley arrives at @IowaStateFair w/ son William and daughter Grace.  
RT @haleymorris: It's IA state fair time with @MartinOMalley! Vols out in full force  
RT @LaOpinionLA: O´Malley presenta 15 metas para "reconstruir el Sueño Americano"  
Katie and I are keeping President Carter and his family in our thoughts and prayers. - O'M
These 15 goals are grounded in a more just &amp; forward-thinking vision for the  Read more—&gt;  
RT @DMRegister: .@MartinOMalley announces 16-city tour of Iowa  
RT @omalleyforia: WATCH @MartinOMalley speaks at  @DMRegister soapbox! LIVE @ 4pm                        …
No te pierdas mi articulo en @LaPrensaIowa sobre la necesidad de reformar nuestro sistema migratorio. 
I will put new ideas, bold approaches, and measurable results front and center in how we govern—read more on @Medium 
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now Mayor @JoeCurtatone on  talking @MartinOMalley’s bold progressive vision for America …
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—today, I am releasing my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream.  -O'M
RT @omalleyfornh: On @msnbc @Morning_Joe @MartinOMalley says: “The people of New Hampshire deserve more than 1 debate” before their primary…
I'll be on @msnbc's @Morning_Joe this morning at 8:30am ET. Tune in! 
RT @SeanMcEnerney: Will O'Malley brings in another supporter for @MartinOMalley! Davenport is ready for !  http:/…
RT @omalleyforia: William O'Malley campaigning for his father, @MartinOMalley:   
Our country needs  to honestly assess our broken criminal justice system and put forward solutions: 
Details matter —&gt;   // via @voxdotcom 
Words AND actions matter. ¡Gracias, ! 
We have a moral obligation to act immediately and aggressively to stop climate change.  
Somos una nación generosa y compasiva. No deberíamos encarcelar a mujeres y niños refugiados.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now: @MartinOMalley joins @kenmonarchs to talk about his bold, progressive vision for America. …
Working families have gone too long without an increase in the minimum wage.  
Come by @JoinBrigade to chat w/ me &amp; tech leaders from @Microsoft, @BlackGirlsCode, @TheWorkersLab, and more. 
RT @msnbc: .@MartinOMalley questions legality of Democratic National Committee's debate plan:  (Getty) …
Great column by some local Granite Staters on why  
No better time to join the campaign than right now: 

I believe now more than ever we need criminal justice reform. We can &amp; need to do better. Read &amp; share my plan today: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley on @HeraldRadio: "I think we can all agree the people of NH deserve more than 1 debate.” …
RT @mitchellreports: .@MartinOMalley says the DNC limiting debates for Democratic candidates is 'undemocratic.' - staff
I’ll be live on @mitchellreports at 12:25 EDT, make sure to tune in. 
Our prayers are w/  today—last night's events reinforce the urgent need for strong criminal justice reform. 
We must do more than just —Michael Brown—we must act. And as President, I will act, because . -O’M
My grand-dog Mila helped out at today's phone banking, inviting people to the state fair!    
RT @ksosanie: Rep Prichard introduces @MartinOMalley in Charles City, commending his record on public education in MD  …
RT @eegorman: 3 for 3 on packed crowds out to see @MartinOMalley with our final stop of the day in Charles City, IA  http://t…
RT @_LeahKay_: .@MartinOMalley meeting folks in Grundy Center  
RT @ksosanie: Carol introduces @MartinOMalley says "track record is 100%. Last candidate I introduced was @barackobama"  http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: Full house here in Grundy Center with @MartinOMalley talking about how to rebuild the American Dream.  http://t.…
RT @eegorman: Electric crowd in Ft. Dodge for @MartinOMalley this morning!   
RT @helenmiller49: Large crowd welcoming Gov. O'Malley! 
La compasión y generosidad nos definen como nación.  ¿Porque se rehusa @DHSgov a liberar a los niños y mamas refugiados? 
The US is a welcoming, compassionate country yet we insist on jailing vulnerable women and children. Why didn't @DHSgov ?
RT @ShurtleffSteve: I do hope that the DNC allows for more then one presidential debate in NH. It's the Democratic thing to do.
No vi el  pero me dicen que estuvo muy entretenido. ? Tendría mas debates entre demócratas. -O'M 
Didn’t see the , but heard it was entertaining. ? Have more democratic debates. -O'M 
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley doesn't just hold progressive values, he has record of getting them done. Like marriage equality in MD. …
Marriage equality is a human right, not a state right.  

As Governor, I signed marriage equality into law and extended anti-discrimination laws to transgender MD’ers.  
RT @lorialivingston: With every answer at the , my respect and support for @MartinOMalley grows.    …
RT @omalleyfornh: Let’s talk about women! FACT: Under @MartinOMalley Maryland was Ranked #1 In Businesses Owned By Women.  
RT @HeavenAndBalder: @MartinOMalley supports a women's right to health and her right to choose!  
We must rein in Wall Street. I call on every candidate to commit to these four principles.   
I am in favor of reinstating Glass-Steagall, and I am in favor of putting cops on the beat on . 

Necesitamos expandir el Seguro Social con orgullo y con firmeza.   
We need to expand  and we need to be unabashed about it.   
RT @GabiDomenzain: MD schools were #1 in the nation 5 years in a row under @MartinOMalley  
Hey @JebBush, after eight miserable years of George W. Bush, America needed @BarackObama.  

Como Gobernador de Maryland, yo luche para convertir el Sueño Americano en una realidad para todos.  
   
In Maryland, we didn’t wait for the federal gov to act, we passed our own DREAM Act.  

We need to get 11M people out of the shadow economy and the shadow society, and into the light of full participation.  
In MD we didn’t scapegoat New Americans—we passed the DREAM Act &amp; drivers licenses for New Americans.  
In MD I signed the Family Planning Works Act, giving 35k low-income women access to free pregnancy counseling.  
What Would O’Malley Do? In MD, he put the goal of a stronger middle class at the center of every decision. 

RT @IAStartingLine: "You want wages to go up? You got to make it easier for people to join unions" @MartinOMalley at AFL-CIO 
RT @SarahBeckman3: @MartinOMalley bringing back some liveliness in the room with enthusiastic intro speech at the Iowa AFL-CIO forum. http:…
The number of presidential debates should be dictated by voters—not @TheDemocrats in Washington.  
Hey @TheDemocrats: hands off our debates! You're not in charge. They should be set by the voters, not folks in DC. 
A constitutional amendment would give courts the authority to end voter suppression efforts &amp; protect the integrity of our democracy. 
We need a solution to guarantee the right to vote for all Americans, once and for all.  
In 2013,  gutted the  &amp; opened the door for restrictive voting laws. Since then, 29 states have curtailed this fundamental right.
Nothing is more fundamental to our sacred democracy than the right to vote. But progress is not permanent—we must keep fighting. 
RT @ijreview: Here Are 15 Things You Won't Hear At Tonight's GOP Debate  via @MartinOMalley
RT @DMRegister: .@MartinOMalley criticizes Democratic National Committee for limiting 2016 debates.  
40M+ Americans don’t get paid time off—glad @WhiteHouse is leading by example w/ required paid leave for contractors: 
via @thenation   
RT if you agree, and tell @thedemocrats  .

We need to have not just one debate, not just two, but many. Because they will shape the future of the country we give our kids. -O’M (2/2)
.@TheDemocrats think they can limit the number of debates we’re going to have before the Iowa caucuses…(1/2)
RT @afreedman23: Standing room only in Cedar Rapids for Governor @MartinOMalley 
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley arrives for the opening of his new Cedar Rapids office.  
RT @ksosanie: Great crowd in Cedar Rapids with @MartinOMalley opening our new field office this afternoon!  
RT @clairequestion: Jean is so excited to caucus for @MartinOMalley she got me more fired up!   …
Growing injustice  threatens to tear our country apart. @TheState writes about my visit to South Carolina. 
RT @kramer_ben: More and more folks committing to caucus for @MartinOMalley in Iowa City. Hungry for .  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Members of our field team are proud to join @PPNHAF and   
I agree with this @nytopinion editorial, children do not belong in prison. 
RT @scdp: LIVE on : NOW LIVE: @ChairChats with Governor @MartinOMalley   
RT @scdp: Chairman @harrisonjaime and Governor @MartinOMalley getting ready for @ChairChats  
RT @scdp: Coming up shortly: live @ChairChats with @MartinOMalley 
I applaud @POTUS's Clean Power rules. I’m proud of what we did in MD to be on track to meet them—but we must do more. 
Voices for justice never die. Voices for justice will always resonate. Read my plan here: 

RT @Salon: A Democratic presidential candidate just offered 2016’s boldest voting rights proposal yet 
.@moluskein Estamos listos para ayudar a  con acciones, no palabras. Gracias por la bienvenida.
RT @CNNPolitics: First on CNN: @MartinOMalley to call for a voting rights constitutional amendment  …
RT @omalleyfornh:  
The Constitution does not affirmatively secure the right to vote—let’s change that together:  
As we approach the 50th anniversary of the , I am calling for a constitutional amendment to protect every citizen’s right to vote. -O’M
RT @WillWhitsonWIS: .@martinomalley talks 2nd chances for ex-cons. "I do believe efforts to ban the box, lift this up, important engagement…
RT @politico: WATCH LIVE: Martin O'Malley South Carolina 20/20 leaders of tomorrow roundtable 
RT @WillWhitsonWIS: .@martinomalley meets w/ 20/20 Leaders of America to talk criminal justice on campaign trail. @wis10   h…
RT @helenmiller49: CNN: O'Malley's criminal justice plan: Abolish death penalty, reclassify marijuana 
.@ppfa provee servicios medicos a millones de mujeres. Votación para recortar fondos es un error. RT si estas de acuerdo .
.@ppfa provides critical health care services to millions of women. Today's vote to defund is wrong. RT to stand with me &amp; .
This land is your land, this land is my land, from California to the Puerto Rican Islands.

No American surrenders their dignity because of the color of their skin. 

Puerto Ricans are citizens &amp; should be treated equally—I’ll continue to urge  govt to provide the flexibility PR needs to pay its debts.
During my visit to  this weekend, I saw firsthand how their debt crisis &amp; unequal treatment have left the economy reeling. (1/2)
.@dhsgov debe responder al Tribunal de  y liberar a las madres/niños refugiados en campos de internamiento. 
.@dhsgov should respond to the district court appropriately: release refugee mothers &amp; kids from internment camps. 
RT @nytpolitics: Martin O’Malley calls for criminal justice overhaul amid racial tensions.  @maggieNYT …
RT @jtackeff: Team @omalleyfornh excited to be talking about @MartinOMalley at Nashua Farmers Market!   …
.@POTUS’s clean power plan is a great step fwd, &amp; I’d expand it to cover large emission sources beyond power plants. 
RT @HuffingtonPost: In the face of default, Martin O'Malley makes Puerto Rico a priority  
RT @jrperello: Excelente conversación con el precandidato presidencial de , @MartinOMalley en la Placita de Santurce. JP …
RT @riverasaniel: AHORA hablo con el precandidato democrata a la presidencia de EEUU @MartinOMalley Detalles 5pm @NoticentroWAPA …
RT @Moluskein: Interesante. @MartinOMalley esta en Puerto Rico. 
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@MartinOMalley checking out spread in @elnuevodia "we have obligation to help our fellow citizens" @joseadelgadoend htt…
RT @PolicyMic: Martin O’Malley just unveiled his bold plan to fix the criminal justice system  
If you do not believe this, you are not qualified to run a city—or wear a badge &amp; carry a gun.  
RT @EBONYMag: EBONY's @JamilahLemieux spoke with @MartinOMalley on his criminal justice reform plan &amp; more:  http://t…
RT @JamilSmith: “There is no such thing as a spare American.” The outline of @MartinOMalley’s criminal justice reform plan is here. http://…
RT @samswey: Gov O'Malley just released the most comprehensive policing and criminal justice reform agenda I've seen. Must read: …
We must work to build trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.  
We need a reinvestment and rehabilitation framework for America’s criminal justice system. Here’s mine: 
RT @NatUrbanLeague: .@MartinOMalley: we can become a more just and compassionate nation and people. There is more that unites us than divid…
RT @NatUrbanLeague: .@MartinOMalley: every story reminds us that Americans of color endure a constant state of vulnerability, even when the…
Tune in LIVE as Gov. O’Malley speaks @NatUrbanLeague : 
286 years ago today,  was founded.  to another great day in our history, @Ravens first superbowl win: 
RT @omalleyfornh: Still time to sign up for our Learn More Lunches.   
Hace 50 años LBJ creo  para q personas de bajos ingresos pudieran ser saludables. Debemos protegerlo, especialmente en .
50yrs ago LBJ created  &amp;  to keep low-income &amp; elderly ppl healthy—we must protect these benefits, esp. now in 
RT @kramer_ben: Folks excited to commit to caucus for @MartinOMalley at house party in Iowa City!   …
.@PPFA provides essential health care services to millions of women across America. We should stand up to efforts to defund it. -O’M
Wow—even @GovernorPerry followed my call to stop big banks from gambling taxpayer $ &amp; reinstate . All candidates should agree.
RT @omalleyfornh: Pete Spanos just emailed saying why he’s standing with @MartinOMalley sign up at   http:…
 is exciting people in Iowa! Here's what some folks are saying.   @omalleyforia 
Every @TheDemocrats candidate should be willing to stand up to Wall Street and commit to these four goals. 
 for days.   
Great crowd at our young professionals happy hour in DC!  
.@Whitehouse is right to ask that  be able to file for bankruptcy. We must care for all our citizens. Next up: healthcare equity.
We've officially visited every county in New Hampshire!    
Nuestros conciudadanos en  necesitan ayuda y atención. Emocionado de visitar y escuchar sus historias: 
Our fellow citizens in  need help &amp; attention. Looking fwd to visiting &amp; listening to them this weekend: 
Not just “what to expect,” but what I support and will accomplish. Check out my full plan:  
RT @elizabethforma: I'm pleased that Sen @BernieSanders and Gov @MartinOMalley are supporting @TammyBaldwin's bill to slow down the Wall St…
RT @omalleyfornh:   
RT if you're with me.   
Today, in front-page headlines:  @dmregister  @omalleyforia 
I’m opposed to  bc we can't have a clean energy future if we rely on dirty, short-term fossil fuel fixes. 
.@govmikehuckabee’s comments on the Iran deal are offensive &amp; overlook this reality: Rep. policies have led us into 12yrs of conflict. -O’M
Taking questions from every reporter, big and small.  @omalleyfornh 
RT @bivonajohn: . @MartinOMalley to packed house in Lebanon "we must raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour wherever and whenever we can" …
RT @omalleyfornh: Packed house of Lebanon Dems to hear @MartinOMalley  
RT @bpolitics: .@MartinOMalley challenges White House rivals on Glass-Steagall 
RT @omalleyfornh: Meet @MartinOMalley today? Join us for a Learn More Lunch with @omalleyfornh staff  
RT @shaunadamec: "Our economy is not money. Our economy is people. We must never forget that." -@MartinOMalley  …
RT @omalleyfornh: O'M in Keene: "Too big to fail? Too big to jail? And apparently too big to manage! We need to reinstate Glass-Steagall no…
RT @jtackeff: .@MartinOMalley speaking about  in Keene this afternoon!  
RT @ksosanie: Standing ovation for @MartinOMalley after a rousing speech.  
"American students need Governor O'Malley to become President O’Malley”- @ericswalwell   
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: Lots of people out in Knoxville to listen to @MartinOMalley speak about   …
RT @MVBarnhill: Two local High School Seniors ready to start working for @MartinOMalley   
RT @omalleyforia: Huge crowd in Knoxville ready for  and excited to meet @MartinOMalley this afternoon.   …
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley talking immigration reform &amp; the power of collective bargaining at the Hockensmith picnic!  http:…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley interrupted by applause in Des Moines while calling to  to $15 an hr.  …
RT @BostonGlobe: We can’t just sit by and wait for another tragedy to happen again, writes @martinomalley in @GlobeOpinion …
RT @omalleyfornh: In today’s @ConMonitorNews @MartinOMalley writes: Let’s relieve college students of the burden of debt …
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: .@MartinOMalley decided to serenade the Beaverdale crowd   
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Iowan at Beaverdale pub tells O'Malley: You were on fire at hall of fame dinner. I see you breaking out to the front o…
RT @omalleyforia: The neighborhood many called Obamadale in 2008 turns out strong again tonight for @MartinOMalley   …
Campaigning the  way, with Q&amp;A.  
Great crowd in  for O’Malley!  
RT @ksosanie: Overflow crowd excited for @MartinOMalley in Beaverdale!  
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley keynote to AFSCME convention gets big cheer for his record &amp; call for national $15 min wage  http://…
RT @JosephOHern: Standing ovation for @MartinOMalley @afscmeiowa_c61 state convention! Thank you for having us! 
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley gets a warm welcome from @afscmeiowa_c61 state convention 
RT @ericswalwell: Proud to endorse my friend and mentor @MartinOMalley for President 
Excited to have @RepSwalwell’s support—someone who knows what  can accomplish:  
RT @JakeOeth: .@MartinOMalley taking questions @DesMoinesMetro caucus candidate forum   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley says his favorite State Fair food is pork chop-on-a-stick. Agree  
RT @ksosanie: As always, @MartinOMalley taking time to talk to Iowans one on one after  forum. 
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley says many Dems claim progressive issues, but he's only one w/ "15 years of executive exp" of "getting t…
RT @KObradovich: .@MartinOMalley said our parents and grandparents understood “our economy isn’t money. Our economy is people.”  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley notes he's been to 19 of Iowa's 99 counties in the 40 days he's been a candidate  …
Starting NOW! O’Malley speaks @DesMoinesMetro. Watch live:  
RT @ksosanie: Big turnout at the Des Moines Partnership forum to hear @MartinOMalley plan to rebuild American Dream.  …
RT @jtackeff: Daniel from New Hampton is excited to support @MartinOMalley!!   
It's simple, : citizenship is a human right. 
, es simple: la ciudadania es un derecho humano. 
RT @IAcaucus2016: Follow along for updates on the @MartinOMalley event today. 
RT @IAcaucus2016:  event today! @MartinOMalley speaking at the State Historical Building at noon.  http://t.…
Movie theaters, schools, places of work &amp; worship should be safe spaces, free from guns and gun violence. Praying for Lafayette today. -O’M
Shoutout to @mikecarberry @JanelleRettig and their efforts to  in Johnson County, Iowa! 
RT @danpfeiffer: It hasn't borne fruit yet, but @MartinOMalley is doing a lot of smart things in his campaign.  
via @bettermarkets, “O’Malley details plan on Wall Street reform. All candidates should do the same.” 
Join us in telling these guys that climate change is a serious threat we should not ignore.
 
.@oreillyfactor @dennisdmz think my remarks on climate change make me "a waste of an apostrophe"? Here's the waste: 
.@RealDonaldTrump’s racism has no place in Congress.  is knee-jerk policy that scapegoats New Americans. We can and must do better.
I proudly support the new LGBT civil rights bill—we must continue to fight for a more open, respectful &amp; inclusive nation.  -O’M
I’ll bring real enforcement &amp; oversight to agencies &amp; depts like @TheJusticeDept @SEC_News @federalreserve @cftc: 
RT @maryaliceparks: .@MartinOMalley talks about passing a minimum wage increase in Maryland. "Some called it economic populism. I called it…
Three, commit to not appoint to key positions those who were the architects of dereg. Four, put in place real deterrents on Wall St. (2/2)
Every Dem. candidate should embrace four key Wall Street reforms: One, reinstitute Glass-Steagall. Two, close the revolving door. (1/2)
RT @jfritze: O'Malley: "We need to put the cops back on the street where Wall Street is concerned."
LIVE on : .@repbradmiller and I continuing to discuss the urgent need for Wall Street reforms.  
Speaking now about the importance of Wall Street reform—first, we must pass a modern version of Glass-Steagall. WATCH 
LIVE on : .@repbradmiller and I discuss the urgent need for additional Wall Street reforms. 
 
RT @IAcaucus2016: .@MartinOMalley speaking at  Candidate Series 
Sponsors: @aarp @DMACCNews
@Microsoft  http…
RT @JakeOeth: Good read in the Chicago Tribune about Friday night's @IowaDemocrats HOF about @MartinOMalley  …
Congrats to NY workers! A big victory, but we can’t stop until workers everywhere make at least $15/hr.  
We sent this to supporters &amp; guess what? A lot of them believe in science, too. You with them?  
Our economy is not money, our economy is people. 

There is an indisputable link between climate change and our national security:  @MotherJones 
Inspiration today comes from LA County. Let's keep fighting so every worker gets $15 an hour &amp; a union.  
RT @omalleyfornh: ICYMI our field director @elraymer gives 3 quick tips how you can get involved today.  
  
RT @omalleyfornh: WATCH: @omalleyfornh Field Director @elraymer gives 3 quick ways you can get involved with our campaign …
El domingo fuí a @AlPunto con @jorgeramosnews! ¿Te lo perdiste? Veélo aqui: 
As Pres., I’ll strengthen Dodd-Frank, reinstitute Glass-Steagall &amp; work tirelessly to hold Wall Street accountable. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Our state director is talking about our NH campaign w/group from @presidencyandpr that stopped by today!  http…
Happy anniversary Dodd-Frank: you aren't strong enough, but don’t worry, I won't let up on Wall Street reform. 
It was important I be @Netroots_Nation &amp; to be a part of the  conversation. I’m not done listening: 
RT @MattSheaff: Find out more   
La apertura de @USEmbCuba marca un capitulo histórico entre  Las acciones, no las palabras, importan. 
.@USEmbCuba opening marks an historic chapter in  relations. Actions, not words, matter most. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Mary Rauh sent out an email explaining why she’s proud to support @MartinOMalley Read here   htt…
RT @MarcNECN:  Update: @MartinOMalley to make 5 stops in NH on 7/26-7/27. 
RT @psutherlandNHPR: .@MartinOMalley will be back in NH Sunday &amp; Monday; he's stopping in Concord, Keene, Claremont, Lebanon &amp; Berlin http:…
. The voices of this impt movement are loud &amp; clear. I'm committed to continuing this conversation. 
RT @PuenteAZ: Missed @MartinOMalley's conversation with undocumented Arizonans? Watch here  
RT @DRMAction: "Real leadership not just supporting  but also executive action 2 protect families" @MartinOMalley http://…
RT @adi_max07: @MartinOMalley speaking to local people affected by immigration system while here in  just want to be heard. …
RT @DRMAction: "I will make sure as President our  system is not about breaking families apart" @MartinOMalley @PuenteAZ http:/…
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@PuenteAZ meeting with @MartinOMalley.  Thank you to all the  people who came to see us @ such a great org. http:/…
RT @BlancaSprkls: @MartinOMalley at immigration caucus  
RT @prernaplal: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley speaking at  immigration caucus 
Meeting with progressive voices and writers @Netroots_Nation. Great conversation on the issues.  
RT @climatebrad: .@MartinOMalley is now hanging out with the crowd  
Everyone deserves a voice. . I WILL promote a racial justice agenda as president. -O'M  
RT @boschlagel: "I've been calling for an expansion of social security benefits for quite a long time" @MartinOMalley 
"You have put out the most specific &amp; the broadest immigration plan of any candidate this cycle." - @joseiswriting  TownHall
I believe as a nation we must be raising the minimum wage to $15/hour whenever and wherever we can.  
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@martinomalley is up w/ @joseiswriting!  
RT @MadeleineWiner: @MartinOMalley " need to find ways to take actions that actually allow &amp; empower our people to participate more fu…
Ready. Love this @Netroots_Nation crowd!   
Ready for @Netroots_Nation! Watch LIVE - the  will begin shortly:   
RT @Lis_Smith: @MartinOMalley gave "a soaring speech about traditional progressive values he hopes to restore the American dream.” http://t…
RT @_LeahKay_: .@MartinOMalley fans chanting outside after the Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame Dinner 
RT @hillarykwiatek: I will say, @MartinOMalley has the interpersonal skills and stamina. He's closing down the joint. 
RT if you're with us. Then, join our campaign for new leadership:   
RT @DREAMIowa: Thank you O'Malley for standing up for the 11 million undocumented immigrants    
RT @shermansez: Great speech @MartinOMalley !!!!!
RT @dsantuccio: Great speech from @MartinOMalley as he leaves the stage to chants of "O'Malley!"  
RT @betsy_klein: A standing ovation for @MartinOMalley 
RT @richie_schmidt: @MartinOMalley  at  "Make it easier for every American to join a  and collectively bargain!!" …
Actions, not words. Let's take action to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour whenever and wherever we can. 
RT @MattSheaff: "Let's take action to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour whenever and wherever we can" -@MartinOMalley
When women succeed, America succeeds.    
I am the only candidate for President with 15 years executive experience.   
RT @BrentGriffiths: A large ovation for @MartinOMalley as he takes the stage in Cedar Rapids 
RT @elraymer: Listen to that crowd!! # is excited to hear from @MartinOMalley 
Moments away from O'Malley's remarks at the @iowademocrats hall of fame dinner! Watch LIVE:  
RT @jtackeff: Everybody should watch @MartinOMalley speak at the  dinner tonight!   …
RT @ksosanie: These Iowans are ready for  with @MartinOMalley  
O'Malley has arrived!  
RT @kramer_ben: Team MD in Iowa for @MartinOMalley!   
T-minus two hours until the @iowademocrats hall of fame dinner! Watch live:   
Great to be back in Iowa. See you tonight @IowaDemocrats!  

RT @kramer_ben: All ready to talk @MartinOMalley and  w/ Dems at IDP Hall of Fame!  
RT @omalleyforia: Great welcome for @MartinOMalley in Washington, IA today! Ready for .  
Full room in Washington.  
Shaking every hand in Washington, Iowa!  
"I am in favor of re-instituting Glass-Steagall &amp; putting more cops on the beat on Wall Street."  
"Other candidates haven't addressed [immigration] as fully as Gov. O'" - IA resident Tom Leffler   
Why I'm running for President.  
Meeting and speaking with caucus-goers in Burlington this morning!  
RT @ksosanie: Greeting @MartinOMalley in Burlington, County Chair Sandy Dockendorf says "welcome to our county!"  …
Full house in Ottumwa, IA ready to talk immigration &amp; new leadership!  
RT @JosephOHern: 200 Days till Iowans will stand up in 1682 precinct caucuses for . @MartinOMalley @omalleyforia …
Leadership is about forging public consensus—not following it. We must raise the min. wage to $15/hour.  
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley doing retail politics the  way, at @JohnForbes4IA pharmacy. 
Another  event, another volunteer signup! Join the team today:   @omalleyforia 
RT @idaveprice: Maryland took in more of the Central American immigrant children per capita than any state--@MartinOMalley …
Sandra, community leader, "we need to bring everyone into the workforce. Everyone."   
"We need a better way of assessing our economic needs - I'd create an independent agency to set immigration policy." 
Watch LIVE: our roundtable with immigration activists in Des Moines, discussing the importance of immigration reform. 
11M people live &amp; work in an underground economy--we must bring them into the light of a fully participatory America. 
RT @ksosanie: Kicking off in Des Moines: @MartinOMalley laying out his comprehensive plan w/ IA immigration leaders  …
In Des Moines with local immigration activists &amp; community leaders discussing O'Malley's plan for immigration reform. 
RT @JosephOHern: 200 Days Till Caucus Doors Close! Come meet @MartinOMalley at an event near you!   http://t…
Campaign briefing from the candidate after a great few days forging new leadership on immigration reform. 
RT @ThisIsAmerica: .@jorgeramosnews to @MartinOMalley: I think your immigration plan is 'the most inclusive and progressive so far' https:/…
As Governor of Maryland, I fought to make the American Dream a reality for all.   
As Pres. I will take immediate action to extend relief to millions of new American families:  
Read my op-ed in @gazettedotcom—we must come together to make immigration reform a reality:   
RT @omalleyfornh: ICYMI: @MartinOMalley talks big issues with @maddow last night. Watch the clip here  
Planet or no planet, the  was a landmark achievement in space exploration. Congrats to all in MD &amp; beyond who played their part.
   
RT @msnbc: Tune in to .@maddow now for her interview with .@MartinOMalley on msnbc! 
Catch me on @msnbc with @maddow in just 15 minutes at 9:30pm EST discussing my campaign for . 
Why do I think ACA coverage should apply to more New Americans? Watch:  
Tenet 2: because families should be able to stay together.   
Tenet 1 of my immigration plan?  Provide deferred action to the greatest possible number of . 
RT @TIMEPolitics: Martin O'Malley pledges to go further than President Obama on immigration  via @Sam_Frizell
RT @jorgeramosnews: Gob @MartinOMalley propuso hoy el plan migratorio más ambicioso entre todos los candidatos (con seguro de salud) https:…
RT @jorgeramosnews: @MartinOMalley released the most inclusive immigration plan so far. Includes healthcare for undocumented immigrants. ht…
Our diversity is our strength, and I’ll always be guided by that principle.   
“Anger and fear never built a great nation. We have to focus on the beliefs that unite us and never give up.” 
RT @DRMAction: Undocumented attorney talks deep problems w detention &amp; criminalizing undocumented immigrants @ @MartinOMalley event http://…
Discussion time: tune in to our immigration roundtable live on   
Gustavo Torres, @Somos_CASA “I’m proud to say that we rescued the [refugee] kids. And it’s because of the leadership of Governor O’Malley."
Maria, a panelist at today's roundtable, speaking of her experiences and struggles with the immigration system. 
RT @DRMAction: .@MartinOMalley talks about expanding DACA, covering immigrants under healthcare, ending detention for families &amp; closing th…
Click each image to read more details on just four of six tenets from my immigration plan:  
Happening NOW: Governor O'Malley leads a roundtable of New Americans to discuss his comprehensive immigration plan: 
LIVE on : I’m joining a group of New Americans to discuss the importance of comprehensive immigration ref… 
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@martinomalley backstage at  roundtable saying "let's go make our ancestors proud"  …
Today I'm releasing a detailed plan for comprehensive immigration reform. Read more:  
Demonizing, hateful speech will not lead this country forward. Progressive leadership &amp; executive experience will. 
.@Bettermarkets says what we're all thinking: voters deserve to know each candidates' plan to stand up to Wall Street 
RT @latinpost: Democratic candidate @MartinOMalley talks about immigration &amp; the positive impact of  on the economy …
Luchemos juntos para que el Sueño Americano se convierta en una realidad para todos.   
RT @kalst05: Martin O'Malley is really making his case for my vote. He doesn't seem to just be speaking, he's showing me what he's done for…
RT @shaunadamec: "When children arrive on our  we can not turn them away. Or worse, chain them up in " - @MartinOMall…
RT @yvetteanunez: @MartinOMalley addresses  issues. "Boricuas have died on our battlefields. We must not let their economy colla…
RT @ClinicaAlicia: Whoa! Talking about Puerto Rico! And Deportations of Haitians in the DR! Way to get into it, @MartinOMalley ! 
RT @yvetteanunez: THANK YOU @MartinOMalley for addressing not just  but crises in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.  …
RT @FlatlandKC: .@MartinOMalley says we need to raise , ensure collective bargaining rights, and reduce college debt. http://t.…
"In Maryland, we pursued our own DREAM Act to ensure that 36,000 Dreamers could have access to affordable higher education.” @NCLR 
RT @Allie_Kite: "Not only were we all once strangers in a strange land, but we are all in this " @MartinOMalley  http://t…
"The genius of our country is not so much about where you came from, it’s where you’re going—and where we’re all going, together.” @NCLR
"My great grandfather had no money. His first language was not English—but the hopes &amp; dreams he had for his children were purely American."
Watch LIVE as Governor O’Malley speaks from the National Council of La Raza:  @NCLR
Congratulations to @selcharrodeoro for an amazing performance of our national anthem.  @NCLR 
Felicidades a @selcharrodeoro por ese gran rendimiento de nuestro himno nacional.  . 
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@selcharrodeoro sings national anthem @NCLR!  @MartinOMalley says: I want to meet this kid :)!!  …
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@martinomalley greets @NCLR president @jmurguia_nclr before his Keynote :)!!  
Bookmark this link, and at 1:30pm EST today watch my speech @NCLR:   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley picks up nice Iowa endorser: John Murphy explains why he's backing the Guv:  …
RT @GCforOMalley: Drove 1 hour and got a 2 hour rain delay, but still worth it to support @MartinOMalley in Ankeney!  http://t.…
Even a rain delay couldn't keep these volunteers from the parade in Ankeny! Join the team:  
RT @omalleyforia: We had a great time this morning in Ankeny. Thanks to all who joined us to support @MartinOMalley!  …
Leticia and Vickie added their voices to my letter to Wall Street. Have you added yours?  
Miss the latest trip to New Hampshire? Check out photos, tweets, and some of the best moments:  
Other candidates are "speaking out" on guns. I'm the only one who's done something about them:  
Ofrezco un poema de solidaridad a los inmigrantes de hoy y de ayer: son la esencia de este país. 

A poem close to my heart. All Americans have talents, passions &amp; sacrifices we should embrace. 

RT @PolicyMic: So @martinomalley just came out swinging hard against Wall Street and megabanks  
Tonight, @chrislhayes &amp; I discussed Wall Street reform, debt-free college, my record as Governor of MD &amp; more. Watch: 
RT @Zenber1: Martin O'Malley said it best. If the big banks are too big to fail, then they should be broken up!
I'll be on @msnbc with @chrislhayes at 8:30pm EST tonight -- tune in.  
Via @micnews "Martin O'Malley Comes Out Swinging Hard At Wall Street"  Read the letter: 
RT @hughbartling: Just saw this op-ed from Dem. pres candidate @MartinOMalley on his climate agenda.  Good stuff: 
I’ll work tirelessly to hold Wall Street megabanks accountable—I hope other Pres. candidates will follow my lead. 
My heart goes out to the two Israeli citizens held in Gaza, and their families. They should be released immediately and unconditionally.
RT @omalleyfornh: On @MartinOMalley "‘He looks at people, he listens to people, he engages, he doesn’t just talk at them”- Mary Rauh http:/…
Agree? Sign on to my letter, and use @Genius to add your own comment for Wall Street to see:  
RT @Genius: Thoughts on @MartinOMalley's open letter to Wall Street's megabanks? Annotate it with Genius:  …
Read and annotate my open letter to Wall Street’s megabanks—for too long they’ve posed enormous risks to our economy: 
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Martin O'Malley to drop a 10-page white paper on Wall Street. Goes after banks and agency heads alike …
RT @MattSheaff: Great day in NH with @MartinOMalley talking .  
RT @dominiclm_: I just read @MartinOMalley's plan to make college more affordable and I really like it. It seems feasible. …
RT @bivonajohn: .@MartinOMalley shaking every last hand after a great event in Concord.    …
RT @jillianmaccini: Glad to see @MartinOMalley in Concord, NH tonight sounding like a proud democrat. "We cannot cut our way to prosperity.…
RT @caseymcdermott: .@GovernorOMalley leads the crowd in one of his standbys: This Land Is Your Land. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Great turnout here at @MartinOMalley backyard town hall in Concord  
RT @gisellahart: "It is not the technology that is lacking, it's the political will." @MartinOMalley talking about action on . …
RT @CollegeDemsofMA: 👀 check out @MartinOMalley's plan for debt-free college ⬇️ 
.@JebBush no, debt-free college is not about “free stuff.” It’s about providing opportunities for every American. 
RT @Students4MD: Thank you, @GovernorOMalley, for freezing college tuition for the University System of Maryland for four years! https://t.…
RT @eddiequintana: Governor O'Malley's plan to make college debt-free is pretty impressive. And his record shows he's serious about it. htt…
RT @meganbrabec: Today I met @MartinOMalley, and he said he will make college affordable. 
I know what worked in MD—now I’ve released my plan for the nation to make college debt-free:  
RT @GradsHaveDebt2: To chase the American dream, I put myself thru law school. I'll be paying off my loans until I'm 60.

…
RT @Eva4organizing: I support @MartinOMalley comprehensive college plan. I remember my family scraping together tuition each semester then …
RT @MrJoshuaBrown: Had a great conversation w/ @MartinOMalley staff about Iowa &amp; education. Looking forward to making education a top prior…
RT @paulah: Great to see true leadership on college funding. Thanks @MartinOMalley Take note @arneduncan @WhiteHouse @usedgov …
RT @edisonmcdonald: @MartinOMalley has the right positions, plans to implement them, and the experience to make it happen!  h…
Thanks @BoldProgressive @Demos_org for supporting my plan to provide debt-free college for every student. 
RT @jfritze: .@MartinOMalley froze tuition in Md. for years &amp; then capped hikes at 3%. Tuition fell relative to other states.    …
RT @OmarWoodard: Solid plan all around. Even child care support for parents going back to school 
70% of students face student debt upon graduation. I addressed this in MD—today, I announced a plan for the nation: 
RT @MattSheaff: .@MartinOMalley talking about debt free college plan with voters at Blakes's in Manchester  …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley makes an impromptu stop to meet voters at Blake's in Manchester with Alderman Dan O'Neil …
RT @nhiop: .@MartinOMalley is at the Institute this morning to discuss student debt with professors, students, and parents …
RT @omalleyfornh: Maryland Gov. @MartinOMalley stumps on eliminating public college student debt
 via @tuohy …
We must not hold New Americans back from fulfilling their true potential. 
Via @NicholsUprising, "Martin O’Malley Has the Right Solution for Puerto Rico’s Debt Crisis” 
I’m proud of Grace for sharing her story today. Will you share yours with us?   
RT @latinpost: Democratic Presidential Candidate @MartinOMalley to Deliver  Keynote 

We must prevent another Wall Street meltdown from bringing down hard-working families.  
Thanks @SenWarren @SenJohnMccain @SenatorCantwell @SenAngusKing for reintroducing Glass-Steagall—it's essential in preventing another crash.
The cornerstone of American strength in the world is economic strength at home—read my foreign policy op-ed on @time: 
RT @omalleyforia: "Leadership can solve problems, it can bring people together to make progress."  - @martinomalley  …
RT @MattSheaff: "The American Dream should be real for every family" - @MartinOMalley talking  with @pchowder  …
Tune in momentarily as I join @pchowder live at Noon to chat about  and new leadership. 
Listen live at Noon as I join Arnie Arnesen @pchowder to talk about this country's great need for new leadership! 
Check out the faces of new volunteers from Iowa to New Hampshire, and join them!   
WATCH—some key moments from Iowa this weekend:    @omalleyforia
Cheryl quickly supported O’Malley after hearing him speak in 2014. Now, she's a volunteer in Iowa.  
Congrats to the new world champs!! Proud of  @ussoccer_wnt for bringing the trophy home.
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley is back in New Hampshire on Wednesday! Sign up for more information  
RT @omalleyforia: “The love of our red, white, and blue means we must go green” -@martinomalley in Clinton, IA on Independence Day. …
RT @omalleyforia: Perfect way to end a successful 3-day tour -- a 4th of July picnic with Clinton County Dems &amp; @MartinOMalley …
From Amherst and Wolfeboro, NH to Independence and Dubuque, IA—happy Independence Day from the O'Malley team! 
RT @JakeOeth: Kevin Healey in Dubuque committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley today!   
Loud and proud in the Amherst parade in New Hampshire!  @omalleyfornh

RT @omalleyfornh: Ready for  in wolfeboro! 
RT @omalleyforia: John Murphy endorses @martinomalley for President of the United States in Dubuque today.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Sign ups continue here in Amherst for @MartinOMalley . You can sign up too   …
RT @bivonajohn: .@omalleyfornh celebrating July 4th in Amherst! Lots of support for  and @martinomalley  http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: .@martinomalley with the Girl Scouts of Independence, IA say: Happy Independence Day!    …
RT @omalleyforia: Team @MartinOMalley at the end of today’s parade in Independence- thanks to all who walked with us!  …
RT @omalleyforia: Third stop of the day, @MartinOMalley talking renewable energy &amp; rebuilding American Dream in Waterloo  http://t…
Sing, Iowa.  

We should incentivize production of clean energy—it's better for our environment &amp; consumers.  
That means 60 handshakes and 60 conversations—I enjoy hearing from everyone in the room! 
RT @HeavenAndBalder: Kaley has committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley When will you?   
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley won't stop taking questions here in Newton!   
RT @greghauenstein: I really like that @GovernorOMalley takes the time to meet everyone in the room. No potential caucus-goer taken for gra…
RT @ksosanie: In Newton, IA @MartinOMalley talking about rebuilding the American Dream w/ quality clean energy jobs  …
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley meeting jasper county democrats who are excited for !  
RT @ericlitmer: Wow. What a crowd in , IA for @MartinOMalley and @omalleyforia today!   
Touring the DMACC wind turbine—Iowa is leading the way in clean energy production, an example for our future. 
RT @omalleyforia: After hearing him speak tonight, Dianna from West Des Moines committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley!  …
Wrapped up the day in Waukee—great support &amp; great conversations about clean energy &amp; jobs!   
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley leading a sing along in Iowa. Packed house joining in chorus.  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley gets applause for saying that Maryland was #1 for women-owned businesses  …
RT @ChouBenjamin: Absolutely packed. I'm in a corner and on the tips of my toes. Folks just want to meet @MartinOMalley! …
RT @JosephOHern: Full house @1908Draught with the @DallasCoDem and @MartinOMalley!  
We must square our shoulders to a clean, renewable energy future.   
RT @ksosanie: SIRE CEO to @MartinOMalley: "These are steady jobs &amp; for our area some of the best 's important for new generation…
Discussing the products and processes around refining ethanol at  here in Council Bluffs, IA. 
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley talking ethanol &amp; energy jobs at Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs  …
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley arrives at Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs to talk ethanol.  …
.@nytopinion I agree, federal lawmakers have to allow 's public corporations to restructure debt in court. 
.@nytopinion Estoy de acuerdo. El Congreso debe permitir que las corporaciones de  reestructuren su deuda. 
Green design, net zero homes—if we seed these investments we can create an economy with new jobs &amp; opportunities: 
Going to IA tomorrow—they've met the climate challenge with a jobs agenda. Watch what we discussed on my last trip:

.@UniPolitica TY! Spanish language media is responsible for us being informed on such pressing issues. Gracias a ustedes estamos informados.
La diplomacia crea oportunidades. @StateDept &amp;  están dando otro paso hacia adelante para fortalecer nuestra relación y el hemisferio.
Diplomacy creates opportunity. Glad to see @StateDept &amp;  move forward with plans to strengthen our relationship &amp; hemisphere.
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley is spending 4th of July weekend in Iowa talking about climate change &amp; energy. Join us! …
You can help us reach our first fundraising goal of this campaign, but we only have 1 hour left. Pitch in &amp; join us: 
El Congreso y la @lacasablanca deben actuar de inmediato para evitar un colapso económico en . 
Congress and the @WhiteHouse must act now to help  avoid financial collapse. 
Detentions are cruel, costly &amp; against our values. I commend those rallying on behalf of LGBT New Americans.  @unitedwedream
Las detenciones son crueles, costosas y van en contra de nuestros valores. Agradezco a todos defendiendo a la comunidad LGBT. @UNITEDWEDREAM
RT @AR_Future: Thank you @MartinOMalley for supporting  &amp; thousands of American jobs &amp; investments. Read the full op-ed here: http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: Take a look at @MartinOMalley's op-ed in today's @DMRegister: We can get all our energy from renewables  http://…
We need to respect the rights of all workers to organize &amp; collectively bargain— ruling on  could jeopardize that promise.
Congrats to the home care workers @1199mass for leading the way! We need a $15 min wage to rebuild our middle class. 
I applaud the administrations decision to extend overtime pay for millions—an issue I've long advocated for: 
Visited the Irish Consulate in NY to sign a book of condolence for young Irish immigrants killed in a deck collapse. 
RT @MollieByron: Full house of volunteers calling tonight for @MartinOMalley in  please donate at  http://t…
A day in the life of our field organizers &amp; volunteers on @storify. Check it out:   
As Gov., I helped expand laws to protect Marylanders on the basis of gender identity. Now we must expand those protections federally. 
Last week  affirmed that marriage is a human right—but discrimination against LGBT employees is still far too prevalent. 
RT @RuralOrganizing: Here in Iowa we're asking 2016 candidates about their platform for  America. First up. @MartinOMalley …
“Our economy is not money. Our economy is people. All of our people.” Check out more moments from Iowa:  
Ending our reliance on fossil fuels would extend the lives of 200,000 Americans each year:   
Failing to limit the mercury, arsenic, and other toxins produced by our dirtiest power plants is a moral failure and a public health crisis.
Today’s  @EPA decision reinforces the need to transition to clean energy &amp; commit to ending our reliance on fossil fuels w/in 35 yrs.
RT @PsychoJaguar: @MartinOMalley "our economy is not money. Our economy is people. All of our people" 
RT @JakeOeth: Sun setting on a @MartinOMalley event in Ames after a great day traveling across the state!   …
RT @realgregmargida: Made the pilgrimage of  hours to Ames to see @MartinOMalley!   …
RT @clairequestion: "Now this is the fun part! Questions!" I love my candidate.   @MartinOMalley  http:…
RT @mhildreth: Big crowd for @martinomalley in Sioux City  
RT @ChouBenjamin: .@kiera__h working it at the Redfield Parade today with the Dallas County Democrats @omalleyforia 
RT @afreedman23: Folks at the Linn County Fair are excited to caucus for .@MartinOMalley   
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: Special shout out to @sassygabe for speaking to folks about @MartinOMalley at the Twin Cities Pride Festival  …
So excited that —had to take part in the celebration!   
What a day for our country—join me in celebrating today’s decision &amp; thanking the advocates who helped make it happen 
Reminded of Will and his moms on the day we passed marriage equality in MD. There’s no greater human right than love. 
So grateful to the people of MD for leading the way on this important issue of human dignity and equality under the law. 
No fighter jet or troop battalion will keep us as safe as a vibrant economy, a strong democracy, &amp; a growing middle class. 
RT @TrumanProject: "Only with a stronger, more inclusive economy can we maintain our security." -@MartinOMalley 
We must amplify credible voices in the region, counter propaganda—ensure our partners have what they need to contain, degrade &amp; defeat ISIS.
RT @WindyGlick: Amazing to hear @MartinOMalley use  as a clean energy success story at  . Props to @CCAN!  http://…
America can &amp; must lead the way by pursuing an ambitious plan that ensures our country is powered 100% by clean energy, by 2050. 
RT @Jon_Scanlon: .@MartinOMalley: wants 100% clean energy production in US by 2050 
Comprehensive immigration reform is both an economic and national security imperative. 
We must create a more far-sighted &amp; proactive foreign policy—based on engagement and collaboration, rather than going it alone. 
RT @TrumanProject: "We must ask the right questions: how do we balance the use of our military, diplomatic, and economic tools?" - @MartinO…
RT @AlexandraIToma: .@MartinOMalley:  based on . Yes, sir.  
Thanks @TrumanProject for having me—honored to speak on  foreign policy, national security, &amp; America’s role in the world. 
Today's Fair Housing decision is an important win for justice and opportunity in our cities &amp; communities.  
The Affordable Care Act has helped more than 17 million Americans access quality and affordable health coverage.  
Now that this ideological attempt to stop  failed, we must redouble our efforts to bring health care to every person in this nation.
Congrats to @steelworkers who won better health &amp; safety protections. This kind of victory is what unions are about: 
RT @afreedman23: @SCohen22 laying the groundwork in Cedar Rapids for @MartinOMalley   
As we await SCOTUS decisions on marriage equality, join us &amp; support  by updating your profile picture! 
.@SenatorLeahy &amp; @repjohnlewis are showing incredible leadership with their legislation to . I hope this passes swiftly.
I’m inviting every interested Iowan to join me for a discussion this Sunday. RSVP today:  
RT @omalleyfornh: Good morning NH! @GovernorOMalley talks w/ @bensarro about  at 8:40 on @WNTK997 listen here …
.@motherboard profiles my climate plan, and commitment to 100% clean energy: 
I believe—within 35 yrs—our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs: 
RT @omalleyforia: .@GovernorOMalley is coming to western &amp; central Iowa on Sunday for 3 grassroots events. RSVP here: …
RT @omalleyforia: Our events are open to all! Come meet @GovernorOMalley in Iowa at one of our 3 public events on Sunday: …
We should not be fast-tracking bad trade deals that depress wages for American workers and send more American jobs abroad. 
What have we come to when Congress votes on bills affecting our economy, wages, jobs, &amp; enviro. that the rest of us aren’t allowed to read?
We owe it to our vets to provide access to the best education, health care, &amp; job training services—to go above &amp; beyond for their futures.
71 years ago today, President Roosevelt signed the GI Bill into law, and this enabled my dad, a WWII bombardier to attend college.
.@LarryHogan Katie and I are sending our thoughts &amp; prayers to you and your family, and wishing you the best in overcoming this challenge.
No govt building should adorn this rallying banner for hate. Join me in saying: take it down. 

A single life in America is worth more than all the guns in the United States.

It's time that state govt officials of South Carolina retire the Confederate flag to a museum.  
RT @jeffjamawat: @GovernorOMalley: "We must rebuild America's  as places of  and  for all."  http://…
RT @lblarrea: America must be better "we still have time to be great Americans"  @GovernorOMalley 
How many senseless acts of violence do we have to endure as a people before we stand up to the Congressional lobbyists of the NRA?
If families of Charleston can forgive, is it too much to ask SC state government officials to retire the Confederate flag to a museum?
If the families affected in Charleston can forgive, is it too much to ask that we do something as a nation?
Yet, out of this carnage—this despicable racial massacre, we saw the true spirit of our nation rise. We saw forgiveness.
We come together in a sad week in the life of our country. Another senseless gun massacre in America. 
Speaking now @usmayors—watch live:  
In just 30 minutes I’ll speak live to @usmayors. Tune in:  
Proud to be the son of a war vet, a bombardier, a brave man and dedicated lawyer. Thinking of him today, and always. 
Everyone has the right to safe schools, safe places to worship, and safe streets. You with me? 
It's time we recognize this is a national crisis. It's time we say what we're all thinking: this is not the America we want to be living in.
I’m pissed. We're asking what it will take to stop this violence? We must stop asking: we must act now, as a nation. 
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming  @GovernorOMalley!  
I'll be on @morning_joe @msnbc at 7:30 this morning to discuss the tragedy in South Carolina -- tune in.
 is facing a healthcare crisis. We must act before thousands lose coverage:  
My heart goes out to the victims of this tragedy &amp; their loved ones. Katie &amp; I are keeping Charleston &amp; the AME community in our prayers.
.@ijreview Is this a formal invite? I can take them!
The  must show moral leadership—we cannot turn our backs on Haitians persecuted in the Dominican Republic: 
RT @omalleyfornh: Our office at 223 S. Willow in Manchester is open. Come check us out  
Putting the final touches on our Manchester office! Hope to see you there soon:  @omalleyfornh 
Ed from Davenport, IA joined our campaign for . Get on board:  @omalleyforia 
Over 80 years ago today, Glass-Steagall was signed into law. We must work now to reinstate it. 
Glad to have Peter on our team as we fight for the progressive values that will move our nation forward.  
RT @iowadailydem: In Marshalltown, @governoromalley fired up progressives with a focus on the economy. 
Now is the time for leadership. I know where I stand on TPP—stand with me:  
For the thousands whose jobs are on the line with TPP, fast track is not a 'process' issue: it’s a vote on their future &amp; their livelihood.
Miss out on some of our trip to Iowa? We’ve put it all together for you:   
Happy Anniversary ! Thanks to the DREAMers &amp; New Americans working to bring our immigrants out of the shadows. 
Big crowds in Portsmouth yesterday at Market Square Day—and some great celtic tunes on the guitar.  
RT @Jay1043: .@GovernorOMalley clearly enjoys meeting people &amp; the press. Joyful and smart on the trail.  
  …
Thanks, Ian!  
RT @shaunadamec: "We've got to go bigger, bolder" on  - @GovernorOMalley commits to full funding of @americorps  http:…
Stopped by @ServiceNation in Manchester to thank them for their service.  
RT @SomersworthDems: Governor O'Malley in Dover --- shaking every hand 
Our economy is people, &amp; people deserve a leader who is not afraid of a tough challenge.   
RT @jtackeff: .@GovernorOMalley talking  and enjoying some fro-yo here in Dover!    …
RT @BradyCarlson: 1st question for @GovernorOMalley on environment. Says MD set goals to reduce emissions, energy use while boosting green …
RT @omalleyfornh: Taking questions and meeting voters. The New Hampshire way.  
RT @omalleyfornh: A little Celtic music at Portsmouth market square days  
RT @McCrayLaurie: Martin O'Malley with Portsmouth Dems at Market Square Day   
RT @caroseberryenh: Great to see @GovernorOMalley here in portsmouth.
Signing up volunteers in Portsmouth!    
The people of Iowa expect to have a conversation. Yesterday, we had a few:   
I’m returning to New Hampshire tomorrow, and I want to meet you. RSVP today:  
Share this far and wide—Congress should not vote on a trade deal that Americans are not allowed to read. 

Clip from the road: speaking to the Hawkeye Labor Council in Cedar Rapids, IA about  and   
RT @BrianHeeren: Good retail politician. @GovernorOMalley  recognized me from past event. Proud to commit to   http:…
From Marshalltown, to Mt. Vernon &amp; Iowa City, it was an incredible day meeting supporters ready for . 
RT @johndeeth: .@GovernorOMalley shakes every hand in room. Stands on chair to speak. 
RT @rioventricular: Listening to @GovernorOMalley speak tonight in Iowa City. Great opportunity to get involved and listen for 2016.
RT @omalleyforia: Thanks so much to the Willems Family for hosting @GovernorOMalley &amp; 80+ Iowans in their home tonight!   http://t…
Looking at a room of supporters in Mt. Vernon ready to commit to caucus for !  
Taking questions in Mt. Vernon, IA at a packed house party!    
RT @JosephOHern: .@JakeOeth @GovernorOMalley standing room only at this full house! Lots of excitement for !
RT @omalleyforia: Rep Nate Willems now introducing @GovernorOMalley in Mt Vernon at another packed house in Iowa!   …
RT @ksosanie: College students for @GovernorOMalley going strong in Marshalltown  
RT @omalleyforia: .@governoromalley in Marshalltown spoke &amp; took questions from more than 65 Iowans    …
RT @ericlitmer: Overflow crowd watching through the windows to hear @GovernorOMalley   
Packed house in Marshalltown, IA for —overflow conversation going on the porch!  @omalleyforia 
RT @LaurenBlanch12: Greeting people who weren't able 2get a spot inside house @GovernorOMalley. Rain is pretty heavy. Living room packed ht…
RT @JakeOeth: Great crowd in Marshalltown as @GovernorOMalley arrives!  
RT @omalleyforia: While her Mom &amp; Dad prepare to host @GovernorOMalley in Marshalltown, Fiona guards the snack table  …
@BaughanJacob @ksosanie come out to one of our events today! Or, sign up to volunteer here: 
RT @ksosanie: First road trip with the  IA team. Ready for 3 great events with @GovernorOMalley today!  …
RT @SCohen22: Come meet @GovernorOMalley tonight @530 321 3rd st sw Mt Vernon   
: a very early picture with my parents—proud Americans of German and Irish descent.  
Looking forward to being on @jackheathradio tomorrow at 8am! Tune in:  
RT @AVusk: Francestown's Democratic Chair Lawrie Barr is ready for !   
It is not fair, nor right, nor just that people who play by the rules face this reality:  
This is historic:  commits to decarbonization. We must continue to lead—do better, do more—on . 
Excited to return to Iowa tomorrow! Hope to see you there:   @omalleyforia 
Adding to our campaign playlist (on repeat):    
RT @ForeignPolicy: The  government – and the next president – needs to take cybersecurity seriously, writes @GovernorOMalley …
RT @jtackeff: Great meeting with Wendy in Dover today. It was fun to talk about  and .   http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: Ready for @governoromalley's visit on Thursday? RSVP for the events in Marshalltown, Mt Vernon &amp;Iowa City …
Maryland’s record of achievement on cybersecurity issues provides a path forward for the nation:  
This Thursday, I'm coming to Iowa for a few house parties—join me:   @omalleyforia 
A new agenda is urgently needed to improve our nation’s cybersecurity. Read my op-ed in @ForeignPolicy:  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@omalleyfornh RFD @AVusk talks w/ Nashua City Dems about  &amp;  tonight  …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@omalleyfornh State Director @bivonajohn talking w Rockingham County Dems about  &amp;   http…
¡Hoy lancè mi pagina en español! Unete a nuestra campaña para :  
I’ll work to pass comprehensive immigration reform within my first 100 days in office. RT if you’re with me. 
As Governor, O’Malley raised MD’s min. wage &amp; passed a living wage for contractors. Read more about his record: 
It's simple: I support a $15 minimum wage for hard-working Americans. Full stop.   
We love our volunteers! Great day at the Waukee parade—join our Iowa team here:  @omalleyforia 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@omalleyfornh Deputy State Dir @MattSheaff talks about  and  with Manchester Dems this AM http…
No child should go to school hungry &amp; be left behind. BIG step in Baltimore to give free meals to ALL students: 
We cannot continue to keep 11 million people living in a shadow economy:  
"O’Malley remained steadfast in painting himself as a candidate of the people looking to save the American Dream" 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@governoromalley instituted early voting, established online voter registration &amp;same-day registration for early voters.…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@governoromalley believes voting is a sacred right and that we should be making it easier for people to vote, not harder…
: I'll never forget the day we signed this bill for Maryland—a day for human dignity.   
.@USHCC !Gracias y nos vemos pronto!
Wage-gap, trade, immigration, Wall Street: issues that affect us all. I'm thankful I had the chance to talk about them with @USHCC today!
Tune in to see my discussion with the @USHCC now! 
We're giving away  bumper stickers! Get yours free, today:  
RT @omalleyfornh: We want  to rebuild the American Dream. Find out more &amp; sign up  …
I'm proud the Supreme Court upheld civil rights and equal employment for ALL Americans: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@GovernorOMalley greets voters in New Hampshire this past Sunday 
We're  today, for the more than 33,000 people who will fall victim to gun violence this year. 
"O'Malley is now public enemy #1 in the halls of Goldman Sachs." Good to hear. I'm not running for them: 
RT @omalleyforia: Iowa was @governoromalley’s first stop after launching his presidential campaign. Read more: 
Our grassroots teams in Iowa and New Hampshire are on Twitter! Follow them for updates on how to get involved: @omalleyforIA &amp; @omalleyforNH
There is no such thing as a spare American:  
Snapshots from New Hampshire.    
We've got a long way to go, but it'll be more fun if we work together. Join us:   
He raised the minimum wage in MD &amp; helped lower income taxes for 86% of Marylanders—read more about Martin's record: 
Joining @MariaESalinas to talk vital importance of Latino &amp; immigration issues in 2016. Tune in to @Univision @ 6:30! 
Miss the big announcement this weekend? Find out why Martin’s running:   
Joining @GMA now to discuss #2016 and need to rebuild American Dream 
I'll be on @GMA at 7:10 this morning to talk #2016. Make sure to tune in!
The American Dream belongs to all of us. Help rebuild it:  
Good to hear from you after all these years, @SarahPalinUSA. There's still room in GOP primary for another entrant! 
We need to make our economy work again for everyone. 
Join our campaign to rebuild the American dream   
.@HillaryClinton Thanks, Hillary. I'm eager to engage in a healthy debate about our visions for America.
Today, I declare that I am a candidate for President of the United States, and I am running for YOU.  
"The story of our country’s best days is not in a history book, because this generation of Americans is about to write it." 
"We must also bring 11 million of our neighbors out of the shadows by passing comprehensive immigration reform." 
"America needs a higher minimum wage &amp; respect for the rights of workers to organize &amp; collectively bargain for better wages." 
Today, I announced my candidacy for President. I'm running for you, and your future. Join me:   -Martin
"Our economy isn't money, our economy is people—all of our people."  
"Our land of opportunity is being turned into a land of inequality. Main Street declines, while Wall Street soars." 
"Unemployment in many American cities and in many small towns across the  is higher now than it was 8 years ago." 
"Our nation was founded on two self-evident &amp; there was no fine print. There is no such thing as a spare American." 
I'm running for president to rebuild the American Dream. Watch:

"I want to talk with you today about the American Dream"  
LIVE on : Tune in to Governor O'Malley's big announcement 
I'm running for president to rebuild the American Dream. Watch: 
The O'Malley's are ready. Are you?  
Tune in to this morning's big announcement! Watch live:  
Prepping for a big moment this morning.  
RT @GStephanopoulos: Tomorrow, I'll sit down w/ @GovernorOMalley exclusively after his “big announcement.” See it on @ThisWeekABC.
I'm making a big announcement tomorrow! Stay  
Today, we honor and remember our fallen heroes. 
From Maryland to  and all across America, progress marches forward for equal rights and human dignity. 
It's a great day to be Irish -- three cheers for marriage equality.
My position is clear: today's fast-track vote was a vote against American jobs. The House must act and say no to .
I kept a sign on my desk that said “No Irish Need Apply", as a reminder we were all once strangers in a strange land

My parent's grand-parents were immigrants, but their dreams were deeply American.

Will you be there?  
Happy Birthday @BloomLuka! “Let It Shine!"
Am I running for President? Find out first -&gt;   
America is at its best when it embraces its role as a shining light of democracy and freedom in the world. 
I made a major announcement in New Hampshire last week. Did you see it?

I made a major announcement in New Hampshire last week.  Did you see it? 
Well done, LA! When workers earn more, businesses have more customers &amp; our whole economy grows.  
Join me on May 30th at 10am on Federal Hill in Baltimore, MD for a special announcement.  
Support new leadership:  
I've got exciting news to share about my upcoming announcement on May 30th. Follow me on Snapchat at GovernorOMalley to find out @ 12pm ET!
We’ll be making a decision in the coming days. Are you with us?  
I am opposed to the death penalty on principle. It doesn't work &amp; it doesn't reflect who we are as a people 
We should not be in the business of building barbed wire detention camps. 
Be the first to know -&gt;  
Let's lead with our principles &amp; end them. 
We should not be in the business of building barbed wire detention camps. Detentions are cruel, costly &amp; against our values-esp for families
We boarded a B-24 Liberator recently (my dad flew them in WWII). See it in Baltimore this wknd  
To get the latest, follow me on @Snapchat 
I have a big announcement coming up. Be the first to know about my plans → 
TPP did not move forward today thanks to your voice &amp; the Senators who stood up. We must demand better &amp; stop . 
Just want to take a sec to tell my Mom thanks for all she does as an amazing Mom and Grandma. Happy Mothers Day! 
Looking forward to a good discussion with @JamesFallows tonight on Baltimore &amp; the future of our nation's cities. 
We are not defeated as a city, and we are not about to throw in the towel on our country. 
RT @NBCNewsPR: .@GovernorOMalley: This should be a wake up call for the entire country. We have deep problems, and we need deeper understan…
I joined @chucktodd this AM to talk Baltimore. While this was a heartbreaking setback, Baltimore is not defeated &amp; Baltimore will be back.
RT @TheLeadCNN: We need a larger conversation on race, says former Maryland @GovernorOMalley to @jaketapper on  …
RT @jaketapper: Coming up on : all the latest breaking news on the  case &amp; some tough q's for @GovernorOMalley http://t…
RT @jaketapper: Race, poverty, crime, policing and more --our TV exclusive interview with former BMore Mayor @GovernorOMalley on  a…
We Are Capable of More 
"Our future is in Baltimore" 
RT @MayorSRB: Want to volunteer or looking for people to come assist your neighborhood? Check out: 
We must come together as one City to transform this moment of loss &amp; pain into a safer &amp; more just future for all of Baltimore's people(2/2)
I'm saddened that the City I love is in such pain this night. All of us share a profound feeling of grief for Freddie Gray &amp; his family(1/2)
My thoughts and prayers are with Freddie Gray's family and friends today as we remember and honor his life.
Well played, Mr. President. Well played.
Thanks to @Harrison4SC &amp; @SCDP for having me for ! Great seeing everyone and look forward being back again soon.
Had a great time touring @Oculus today. Thanks to CEO @brendaniribe for supporting  here and @UofMaryland 
You can read more about my  proposals here: 
To end the student debt crisis for good we have to make college affordable for everyone. 

Alone, these two proposals will go a long way toward relieving student debt. 
We can do this with automatic-enrollment in income-based repayment programs with an option to opt-out. 
2nd, we should cap the minimum monthly payments on students’ loans.  
If we were able to bail out big banks, we can figure out a way to refinance college loans.  
1st, Congress must allow students to refinance the debt they already have.  
Fortunately, the solutions are simple and straightforward. 
To really make a dent in student debt, the federal government will have to act. 
Total student loan debt in our country is $ trillion and growing.  
Today, our kids aren’t getting the same bargain. The vast majority of students - 70% - are graduating with debt. 
My siblings and I were raised knowing that if we worked hard and gave back, there was a strong and bright future ahead. 
He went to college on the GI Bill and earned enough to start a family. 
My dad grew up in a country that was generous and farsighted enough to see that the more its people learned, the more its people earned.
You can also read my  piece on @medium 
I wrote an Op-Ed for the @washingtonpost about what we should do if we want to have  for our kids. 
Warren Weinstein represented the best of MD &amp; America. My heart goes out to the Weinstein &amp; Lo Porto families. 
Opposing bad trade deals like TPP is just common sense. Let's make our voices heard.

Very troubled by Freddie Gray's tragic death. My thoughts &amp; prayers go out to his family. 
.@tmazorlig @poguesofficial BIG Pogues fan. cover their stuff a fair amount.
Join me in opposing TPP &amp; fast-track. Americans deserve to know where leaders stand. 
When US jobs are on the line, it's not a hard choice - it's common sense. That’s why I oppose TPP &amp; fast-track. 
Joining my friend @Mark_Shriver today at 1:45 at @SCActionNetwork Summit to speak about how crucial it is we . 
Stand with me and tell Republicans to cut the 🐂. Let's fight for an economy that works for everyone. 
 is a race to the bottom, a chasing of lower wages abroad, which does nothing to help our economy here at home. 
The GOP is doubling down on failed trickle-down theories which only concentrate wealth at the top &amp; depress wages. 
Our economy is not working for all of us b/c of concentrated wealth, accumulated power &amp; deregulation of Wall Street. 
RT @MorningEdition: Possible Dem presidential hopeful @GovernorOMalley sees 2 paths for America's economic future.  h…
RT @MorningEdition: Coming up, @GovernorOMalley tells @NPRinskeep America's economy needs 'sensible rebalancing,' not 'pitchforks.' http://…
Don't forget to watch @FaceTheNation coming up shortly this morning. I'll be speaking one-on-one with @BobSchieffer.
Join me in calling on Congress to oppose "Fast Track" authority on the .  
Looking forward to speaking with @BobSchieffer on @FaceTheNation this Sunday. Hope you'll tune in.
Fuller participation in our country means marriage equality, driver's licenses for new Americans &amp; equal pay. VIDEO: 
Rather than reducing or privatizing Social Security benefits, we must expand them.  
We must end bad trade deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership that hurt wages and ship jobs overseas.  
How can you get pulled over in this country for a broken taillight, but if you wreck the world’s economy you are untouchable? 
Let's allow students to refinance their loans and make income-based repayment plans the norm for our students' futures. 
We must raise the minimum wage, the threshold for overtime pay, &amp; make it easier for workers to organize.  
Wages in the US are lower than they were 12 years ago. This is the first time that has happened since WWII. 
In the 1980s, CEOs earned 46x their average worker. Today, the average CEO earns 331x as much. 
Millions of us lost jobs, homes, and retirement benefits after the ’08 crash. Americans are demanding a better balance. 
Watch along at 6PM tonight as I speak to @HarvardIOP’s @JFKJrForum on building an . Livestream: 
Proceeding with  would be a mistake. Job #1 must be raising wages, not promoting policies that would depress them.
RT @JFKJrForum: TONIGHT in the FORUM @GovernorOMalley at 6 PM on "Building an Economy That Works for Everyone"  http:…
Tonight at 6PM, I'll be laying out my agenda for an economy that works for everyone to @JFKJrForum. Watch live: 
The dignity of every person tells us that the right to marry is not a state right, it is a human right. VIDEO: 
Excited to speak tomorrow to Harvard's @JFKJrForum on "Building an Economy That Works for Everyone." Tune in at 6PM: 
As Governor, proud to have signed Lilly Ledbetter into law and to have made MD #1 state for women-owned businesses.
Equal pay for equal work is not only good for women, but good for our economy.  
The death penalty is ineffective, expensive, &amp; at odds w/our values as Americans. 152 more reasons to do away w/it: 
This week in Iowa, I sat down with @idaveprice on The Insiders. Check out my appearance &amp; prediction: 
For the record, I've always loved The Simpsons.
One unjustified police shooting - like that of Walter Scott - is one too many. 
Honored to address  &amp; discuss how we can bring communities together. Follow along here: 
Thank you @polkdems for hosting last night's great event. Look forward to seeing you again soon!
Excited to be back in Des Moines. Thanks @PolkDems for inviting me to speak tonight! Watch live here at 8:30PM ET: 
Glad to be joining @okayhenderson, @jamesqlynch on @IowaPress. Tune in tonight at 7:30! 
|LIVE NOW|   
RT @IAStartingLine: Feel that O'Malley-mentum! Crazy packed crowd for @GovernorOMalley in Beaverdale  
RT @StaedArt: .@GovernorOMalley addressing the @iahousedemocrat . Inspiring speech about bringing back the  . …
This video is appalling but it shows why accountability &amp; transparency are so important. It shouldn't take a video to ensure justice.
My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/Walter Scott's family. Far too many families across the nation have endured tragic losses like this one.
Thanks @huckmontgomery for letting me borrow your guitar at the @nhyoungdems social hour tonight!  
Thanks to @Dyn for hosting me today for an important conversation on building an innovation economy. 
We've got to be a party that stands for the deeper and greater principles of our country. 
We need to strengthen &amp; expand Social Security to save our seniors from abject poverty &amp; allow them to retire with dignity 
Excited to be back in New Hampshire for my turn at the @NECouncil’s &amp; @nhiop's  breakfast this morning.
Congrats to @umdwbb ! Next stop: Final Four! 


New perspectives are needed for us to solve the problems we face as Americans and as people on this planet. 
Right now, it’s not even a fair fight. It’s as if Wall Street owns one party and is totally trying to intimidate the other party. 
ICYMI: Watch my interview from this morning with @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC:

Don't forget to catch @ThisWeekABC this morning for my conversation with @GStephanopoulos. 
Tune in to @ThisWeekABC tomorrow morning. I'll be speaking with @GStephanopoulos. Check your local listings for times. 
Happy ! 
Last year Wall Street bonuses were 2x combined earnings of every American working for minimum wage. 
This is not how our economy is supposed to work. VIDEO:  
Go @TerrapinHoops! Beat West Virginia! 
Great to see my friend Leader Gronstal and the Pottawattamie County Dems in Council Bluffs tonight. 
Up early this morning to meet over breakfast with @ScottCoDems here in Davenport. Next stop: Tipton. 
Thank you @ScottCoDems for hosting me tonight for your Red, White, &amp; Blue Dinner!
Reinstating Glass-Steagall and holding Wall Street accountable is the only way we prevent another financial crisis.
FACT: In 2014, Wall Street bonuses were 2x combined earnings of every American working for minimum wage.
Excited to be with my friends @daveloebsack, @DrAndyMc &amp; Mayor Gluba in Davenport tonight for the @ScottCoDems Red, White, &amp; Blue Dinner.
The trickle down experiment doesn't work. It never has. VIDEO: 
We must ensure another Wall Street meltdown is outside the realm of the possible. Accountability is key. See my op-ed 
Thanks to everyone who tuned in my concert tonight. Follow me on @AppMeerkat for more moments like this. 
|LIVE NOW|  
Going on in 45 minutes with O'Malley's March. Tune in to my St. Patrick's Day concert here  
Tune in tonight around 7:45PM to see my band, O’Malley’s March, play at my Young Leaders Council Concert.  
No question about it, go @umterps! 
Happy St. Patrick's Day. I hope to see you on Thursday at my Young Leaders Council Concert.  
Follow me on @AppMeerkat at @GovernorOMalley for a behind the scenes look at my St. Patrick's Day concert on Thursday night.

Had fun celebrating  at @irlfunds dinner tonight with @EndaKennyTD and friends. 
Had a great time marching in the Chicago parade with my friend President Bill Hite of @UAPipeTrades 
We need to take Wall Street reform seriously &amp; reinstate Glass-Steagall. We can't be the party of Dodd-Frank lite. 
After 12 years of declining wages, people want executive leadership. See more of my appearance on @Morning_Joe 
Had a great time on @Morning_Joe this morning. If you missed it, you can watch here: 
RT @nhiop: The Institute and @NECouncil will host former Maryland Governor @GovernorOMalley for  on 3/31 at @BVI_INN
Coming to the table at the federal level can’t just be a box-checking exercise; we need follow-up &amp; exec management to accomplish our goals.
Shout-out to Jack Maple &amp; @CommissBratton for revolutionizing data-driven policing &amp; inspiring Baltimore's CitiStat. 
A new way of data-driven governing is emerging in both red &amp; blue states &amp; it calls for a new way of leadership - at every level. 
Excited to be @BrookingsInst discussing data-driven governing &amp; how to move our country forward. Watch live at 10AM: 
Firefighters deserve leaders who will fight for their safety, their jobs, and their right to bargain. Thank you for having me .
Wiping out unions might be good policy for the Koch Brothers, but it's bad for our economy, our firefighters and working people. 
Watch along as I speak to the International Association of Fire Fighters:
  
10 days until my St. Pat's Young Leaders Happy Hour! Tickets are going fast. 
Tomorrow at 12:30pm I will be speaking to the International Association of Fire Fighters. Watch along here:  
RT @BrookingsInst: Wednesday @governoromalley joins us to discuss data-driven decision-making in government. Register to attend: …
.@KansasDems know best that we can't cut our way to prosperity. We need to do more, not less for the next generation. 
Excited to be back in the heartland for @KansasDems ! Time to move our party and nation forward.
I just joined Snapchat. Follow me at GovernorOMalley for a sneak peak at my trip to New Hampshire.
I got my start in Maryland politics on @SenatorBarb's '86 campaign. Very grateful for her service to our state as well as her mentorship.
Thanks for having me South Carolina! Time to work together to move our party &amp; nation forward with bold action &amp; big ideas. 
Ours is the party of opportunity. Ours is the party of optimism. Ours is the party of the better future. 
Fear &amp; anger never built a great nation. We must not run away from challenges, but take pride in what our country can be. 
If a bank is too big to fail, then it's too big and we must break it up before it breaks us. 
The most fundamental power of our party and our country is the power of our moral principles. 
To make the American dream come true again, we must fight for better wages for all workers. 
Excited to be back in South Carolina to speak with @SCDP about how bold choices can move our party and nation forward. 
What can we do to give the middle class a raise without waiting on the Republican Congress? Easy answer:  
Tix for my St. Pat's young professional happy hour are going fast. Don't miss your chance to see O'Malley's March! 
Today's @FCC vote on  is a victory for the millions who spoke out to keep the internet free, open and fair.
Most powerful moment of the Oscars: @PattyArquette calling for equal pay for equal work for women. This *must* be a national priority.
Spoke with @GOVERNING on how data-driven decision-making in gov't can produce better results for our citizens 
The new AUMF should address ISIS specifically, while mitigating unintended consequences 
Broke my elbow over the weekend at the gym. Thanks to the staff at Union Memorial, surgery went well &amp; I'm on the road to a quick recovery.
Very proud of my mom or as many others know her as, "Mrs. O." @SenatorBarb is lucky to have her at the helm. 
Very strong jobs report with both earnings &amp; jobs exceeding expectations. The challenge now is to ensure we keep wages growing for families.
Today's  announcement puts people above special interests. An important step to ensure our Internet is free and open to all.
May God bless the memory of Bishop Romero.  
I'm standing up against offshore drilling along the Atlantic. Will you join me?  
We must move firmly toward a clean energy future.  
We must make better choices for a more secure and independent energy future.   
Today, I wrote in the @NYTimes about why opening the Atlantic to oil and gas exploration would be a mistake 
Excited to keynote @KansasDems gala in March. @PaulDavisKS &amp; @SecSebelius let me know if you have any BBQ recs 
RT @KansasDems: Former Maryland  @GovernorOMalley To Deliver Kansas Democrats Washington Days Keynote Speech  
Congratulations and best of luck to Gov. Hogan. May God continue to bless the state of Maryland.
Read my statement on tonight's State of the Union address here:  
Now it's up to you, Congress. What will you do for the middle class to ensure 2015 is a year of growth, not continued wage stagnation? 
Our economy is a result of the choices we make. Choosing to address inequality &amp; close loopholes for the wealthy makes us stronger. 
In MD we are raising the minimum wage to $ Let's  together as a nation to increase economic mobility. 
Congress needs to act on the President’s call &amp; expand paid leave to increase wages, help families &amp; ensure our workers can succeed. 
I've learned many lessons during my service to Maryland, but none as valuable as those learned from my four children. 
It's about time, .  is not a states' rights issue, it is a fundamental right that we should extend to every American
Excited to join @JHUCarey as a visiting professor &amp; work w/ next generation of leaders to make govt work better 
Combined with the War of 1812 bicentennial events, we brought $333M to Maryland's economy. Thanks for joining! 
Congrats to ! The event attracted  people to Baltimore. I was honored to celebrate, share our history w/so many people.
Tough loss, but a great season. Always underestimated, but we still . 
Joe Flacco is showing New England *exactly* what Baltimore's made of with those two drives. 
Big game today @Ravens, let's show New England what we're made of. 
We are a compassionate people &amp; I have sought to reflect that kindness in the choices we've made &amp; laws we've enacted 
Law enforcement has led the way in our work to drive down violent crime by  since 2006. Learn more here:  
On Natl Law Enforcement Day, thank you to officers in Maryland &amp; across America who work every day to drive down crime &amp; save lives. 
RT @KThomasDC: O'Malley at @UChiPolitics "There's something wrong when wages continue to stagnate."
There is something wrong with the economy when most families aren’t doing as well as they were in previous generations. 
Our society works best when we value the dignity of every individual, by promoting equality &amp; embracing new Americans. 
Snow-related complications aside, looking forward to joining @davidaxelrod at @uchipolitics tonight. Tune in at 7:  
.@BarackObama is right on . Creates too much CO2 &amp; not nearly enough jobs. We need a jobs agenda that meets our climate challenge
RT @UChiPolitics: ICYMI: Our Winter Quarter Speaker Series lineup featuring O’Malley, Kagan, Kristol, Rev. Jackson, Dionne &amp; more - http://…
Meeting with MEMA &amp; SHA to address MD's snow response. Follow @TheMDTA @MDSHA for updates &amp; be careful on the roads. 
Join me as I reflect on the lessons I've learned as Governor. It's been a privilege to serve you &amp; your families. 
Congrats to @Ravens. On to New England!
About to  Get after 'em @Ravens!
My condolences go out to @NYGovCuomo &amp; his family tonight. Mario Cuomo's clear, fearless voice will long be remembered.
Leaving death sentences in place does not serve the people of MD. I met w/ victims' families &amp; hope this brings some measure of closure.
I intend to commute Maryland’s four remaining death sentences to life without the possibility of parole. 
Diplomacy creates opportunities. Embargoes don't. It's time to reset our Cuba policy &amp; build closer ties b/t the American &amp; Cuban people.
Welcome home to Maryland, Alan Gross. Here's wishing you boundless joy with your friends and family this holiday season.
Happy Hanukkah. What do you prefer on your latkes: apple sauce, sour cream, other?
Congrats @PastorHahn &amp; @EndHungerCC on winning $20k from @WalmartGiving to feed the hungry at Chesapeake Food Pantry. 
Honored that @AmbDermer from @IsraelinUSA joined us for the Hanukkah brunch at Government House today. 
RT @ChoirWj: Thanks for the invite @GovernorOMalley 
 was signed into law just 4 years ago. We shouldn't be repealing it &amp; letting Wall Street play with taxpayer money.
Thank you to the many state employees who have worked to move Maryland forward over the last eight years.
Today we welcomed hundreds of state employees to Government House for our annual holiday reception: 
Education is a ladder to middle class success. Yesterday’s award will help more of our students lead the nation and world in achievement.
MD has been awarded a $15 million federal grant to expand access to pre-k education for four-year olds: 
MD is on track to meet our goal that 55% of adult Marylanders will hold an associate or bachelor’s degree by 2025: 
Thank you, @MD_CommColleges, for presenting me with the Champion for MD Community Colleges Award today: 
Best wishes for a safe, healthy, and happy Thanksgiving 
We're creating jobs -- 3,900 private sector ones last month -- by investing in education, infrastructure &amp; innovation 
.@MDSP achieved certification in all program areas to earn the Tri-Arc Award, &amp; is now the ONLY state police agency in the US to hold it!
Congratulations to the brave men &amp; women of @MDSP for earning the prestigious CALEA Tri-Arc Award.
Visit  to learn more about @barackobama's historic actions to protect millions &amp; strengthen families. 
Millions can now work &amp; raise their families without living in fear. Tonight we celebrate, tomorrow we get back to work. 
Great seeing @sr_simone at an event in DC with @VP last night to support : 
We're making progress, but we must do more to achieve our goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 25% by 2020: 
Climate change is real &amp; MD is vulnerable. It is critical that we continue to address this threat to the Chesapeake Bay &amp; our way of life.
Today, I issued an executive order expanding the membership, mission &amp; work of the MD Commission on Climate Change: 
We need a jobs agenda that meets our climate challenge. I hope the Senate rejects : it's too much CO2, &amp; not nearly enough jobs.
RT @drJoshS: What does a navigator do? A picture is worth a thousand words @MarylandConnect @HCAMaryland 
Check in with @drJoshS on Twitter for some great stories, pictures, and video from today’s @MarylandConnect Enrollment Fair.
Good luck to all involved in @Belfast_Beltway in Northern Ireland this week - two great places; one great cause. 
Republicans have shown they won't act, the  for @BarackObama to . Keeping families together makes America stronger.
Once a mayor, always a mayor. Great seeing @MikeBloomberg &amp; @MurielBowser tonight. 
Ten years and 310 million miles away  absolutely inspiring. RT @esaoperations: "We're are on the comet!" 
Veterans Day Ceremony at the Crownsville Veterans Cemetery earlier today. 
We honor veterans "on the 11th day of November of each year, a day dedicated to world peace." We're grateful for their courage &amp; sacrifice.
I agree with President Obama's Net Neutrality approach. We shouldn't have gatekeepers picking winners &amp; losers online.
Compare plans, find information, and get started at new and improved Maryland Health Connection website: 
Happy 239th birthday to the @USMC. Thank you to everyone past and present who has served in the Corps. Semper Fidelis.
You can now go to the new &amp; improved  to compare plans &amp; prices for 2015. You don't need an account; check it out now.
Attended the portrait unveiling for the always colorful Judge Robert Bell, former chief judge of MD's highest court. 
Just spoke to our  him &amp; pledged to work closely with him to ensure a smooth transition. 
There's still time to vote. Polls in Maryland are open until 8 pm. Find your polling place here: 
RT @BrownforMD: Did you vote for  today? Tweet a photo of your 'I Voted' sticker with the hashtag 
RT @AndreaBlackston: @GovernorOMalley I shared my voting sticker with someone who inspired me to go.  child 
RT @BrownforMD: Make sure your voice is heard -  TODAY!
RT @repjohnlewis: People struggled and died for the right to vote in this country. Let nothing stop you from participating in the democrati…
Tweet at me w/ a picture of your "I Voted" sticker &amp; add the one we created as your Twitter avatar or FB profile pic 
Let’s continue making progress &amp; move forward together. Anthony Brown for Governor. Find your polling place: 
The polls are open in Maryland and stay open until 8pm tonight. Find your polling place here: 
Lookup your polling place for tomorrow &amp; vote @BrownforMD to continue the progress in Maryland  
RT @BrownforMD: Only ONE day left! RT to remind your friends &amp; family to vote tomorrow. 
Marriage equality, the DREAM Act, gun safety, raising the min. wage: none would've happened w/out Dem. leadership…Hogan opposed all 4. Vote.
In Silver Spring w/ @LewisYv reminding people to vote for @BrownforMD Tuesday. Pledge to vote:  
Awesome GOTV event for @BrianFrosh &amp; the Dem. ticket in  tonight. Pledge to vote:  
Let's talk 2014! In GA? I'm for @MichelleNunnGA &amp; @carter4governor. MT @KhyChestnut: had a dream I met @GovernorOMalley &amp; tried talking 2016
Got to see Marylanders young &amp; old at @FRESHFARMSlvrSp this  while campaigning for @BrownforMD. 
RT @BBMSPTSA: @GovernorOMalley greets Banneker staff going door to door to meet families @Principal_BBMS @BannekerReads @BBMSPTSA http://t.…
Had a great time! MT @DTSilverSpring: Thanks for the surprise visit at this am's @FRESHFARMSlvrSp, @GovernorOMalley!  
Thx 4 volunteering! MT @KatCDonnelly: Surprise concert fr @GovernorOMalley at the Howard field office made my night! 
Had a blast getting out the vote at the New Deal Cafe in Prince George's County tonight. Vote @BrownforMD Tuesday. 
It was great being w/ you in Howard County tonight.  MT @joshkiiim: @kenulman @courtneywatson1 
Volunteer opportunities for Anthony Brown all across Maryland. Bring a friend or meet some there, but signup here: 
Lots of enthusiasm for Brown/Ulman in Silver Spring! Always great being w/ @jamie_raskin &amp; @tomhucker. Vote Tuesday. 
I voted early today! Today's the last day of early vote -find a polling place at   
It was a pleasure celebrating with @KumarBarve, @arunamiller &amp; @sam_arora. 
We had a wonderful Diwali celebration last night at Government House. Thanks, @IndianEmbassyUS for joining us! 
To create jobs, we're investing in schools, infrastructure &amp; innovation like cybersecurity, &amp; the US Chamber named MD #1 for STEM jobs.
Today I spoke at  about the work we're doing to make MD the epicenter of American cybersecurity.
Campaigning for the Brown / Ulman ticket at New Carrollton Metro Station. Tomorrow is last day to Early Vote in MD 
Meeting with supporters at the Montgomery County Coordinated Campaign Talktober phone bank night. Have you voted yet? 
Campaigning at Glenmont Metro w/ District 19 Delegate candidate @Marice_Morales. One week… have you early voted yet? 
We developed these procedures with experts at Johns Hopkins, the University of Maryland, the NIH. Read more &amp; share: 
MD has some of best health care facilities in world. We're working together to ensure smooth response to any possible instances of infection
Updated Marylanders today on efforts to respond to Ebola &amp; our active plan for monitoring travelers affected by virus 
.@BELBaltimore, @SenBillFerg &amp; I were in Baltimore today encouraging people to vote early for @BrownforMD &amp; @mddems. 
Great day in Baltimore w/ @BELBaltimore talking about voting early for @BrownforMD &amp; @mddems.  
Went to the Waverly Main Street Festival in  to encourage early voting. Here's how:  
I hope @CollegeDemsofMD vote early! MT @sung_minkim: Here's @GovernorOMalley at McKeldin mall for @BrownforMD @thedbk 
Great early vote event in College Park for @BrownforMD &amp; @mddems. Asher of the Tomato Dodgers loaned me the guitar! 
Happy to join Wendy Davis supporters at the University of Texas earlier today.  
RT @BrownforMD: Voting today? Share your 'I voted' sticker by tweeting w/ the hashtag 
@llyydddzz Restoring the health of the Bay is like running up a down escalator. But here's some of what we're doing: 
Early Voting starts TOMORROW in Maryland. Cast your ballot before 11/4 this year. Info here:  
Great seeing @sr_simone &amp;  yesterday to discuss efforts to  &amp; . 
Early vote starts on Oct. 23. Here's what you need to know:  Retweet this to ensure  
Backstage with @BrownforMD &amp; @RepCummings before the event w/ @BarackObama. Early vote starts on Oct. 23.  
Had a great time in Asheville w/ the @NCDemParty. 17 days til you re-elect @kayhagan! Thanks for the t-shirt, @ydnc. 
Some sign waving for Anthony Brown and Ken Ulman before the Terps game. 
Outside Byrd Stadium before Maryland's Homecoming football game against Iowa. About to kick-off shortly.  
We are not taking the Ebola situation lightly. I updated Marylanders this am about what we're doing to prepare. 
In Baltimore campaigning for Anthony Brown. Early voting starts on October 23rd. What’s your plan to vote this year? 
Bruce Braley is a champion for Iowa families, and I look forward to watching him deliver that message during the  debate tonight
Together, we've driven down violence against women &amp; children by 26% since 2006, and our progress continues: 
Law enforcement personnel, @SenatorBarb &amp; MD's congressional delegation &amp; officials in MD all work together to make women &amp; children safer.
Today we announced action to strengthen &amp; coordinate our response to domestic violence: 
Thank you for an exciting season and postseason run, @Orioles. Looking forward to next year.
Let’s go O’s. One game at a time. 
Here’s the other side of that selfie. @kpwalling @BrownforMD @BrianFrosh @VoteIkeLeggett @MCDCC 
RT @BrownforMD: RT to share 'Bronze Star' and spread the word about Anthony's lifetime of service. 
We're working toward the Healthier Bay Tipping Point when our efforts to restore the Bay will become self-sustaining 
This morning, Ellicott City elementary school students &amp; I worked on controlling erosion along the Chesapeake Bay: 
RT @StateMaryland: RT @AccessDNR: NOW @GovernorOMalley "Governing for Results" tour @ stream restoration site w/ Hollifield Station Elem ht…
You can even register to vote online in Maryland. Just use this tool today: RT to spread the word: 
Today is the last day to register to vote in Maryland. All the information you need to register is right here: 
.@MarkSchauer dominated tonight's debate. He showed that MI needs an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. 
Thank you for having me. MT @MinnesotaDFL: We are proud to welcome @GovernorOMalley to our ninth annual  Founders Day Dinner
RT @Obermueller2014: A pleasure meeting @governoromalley tonight. "Our American Eagle flies best when both wings work together." …
RT @danschoen54a: @GovernorOMalley great to meet you, thank you for coming to Minnesota and being out on the town with us. 
Breathe 
Let’s go O’s.
I appreciate Kansas City’s underdog story, but  until the World Series returns to Baltimore. 
Who else is ready for Orioles baseball?
Thanks for the shout-out, @MMViverito, &amp; for leading on . You're showing how cities &amp; states can make a difference.
Marylanders came together last month and donated 33,405 lbs. of food to @MDFoodBank to help end hunger.  
Feeding hungry children is the right thing to do, and it makes them better students, too. It's hard to concentrate on an empty stomach.
Participation in our School Breakfast Program has reached an all-time high of : 
I had breakfast today with kindergarteners at Franklin Square School, which is making strides to end student hunger: 
I support @BestBuddies  campaign -- it's the right thing to do &amp; businesses benefit. 
RT @MattOMalley: Joined @GovernorOMalley at an event for @marthacoakley &amp; auditioned 4 backup in his band, O'Malley's March.  http:…
RT @collegedemsofbc: Crabcakes, football, and politics, that's what Maryland does. Excited to hear from Martin O'Malley at Northeastern htt…
What a series! Cant wait for the O’s to return home for the ALCS. Tigers have some tough starters and great year for them, but 
Another amazing 8th inning for the O’s. Let’s get one in Detroit and come back to Baltimore for the ALCS. 
Here we go @Orioles!  until the World Series is back in Baltimore.
Kudos, @PrinceGeorgesMD, Mt. Rainer, Fairmount Heights &amp; Forest Heights, 4 doing  challenge to improve outcomes 4 MD youth.
@skorpyos Thank you Nick. Truly appreciated.
Five great candidates with fundraising deadlines tonight. Split a contribution to the O’Team before midnight: 
We have not taken our eye off of doing right by these children who are feeling deadly situations. @ThisIsAmerica 
Pleased to meet with Prime Minster @NarendraModi. Expanding the middle class is a goal we share across the globe. 
RT @ThisIsAmerica: .@jorgeramosnews speaking to @GovernorOMalley! Full interview airs tomorrow night at 10p on @ThisIsFusion. …
Good joining @jorgeramosnews to talk about all we're doing in Maryland for chldren fleeing violence in Central America
RT @LucyFlores: I was handed a baby. I gave him to the person w/ more experience (@GovernorOMalley).    http://t…
Join us! Together, we will end hunger in Maryland!  
Thank you to the 22,000 Marylanders who have volunteered during . If you’re among them please share when and why you got involved
Visited The Lighthouse in Annapolis to prepare meals as part of  - Volunteer at  
Marylanders - Early Vote is one month away! Sign-up to volunteer for the Brown-Ulman team today. 
Phone-banking for the @BrownforMD / @KenUlman team at the Prince George’s field office. 
RT @KAlexWallace: Thank you @GovernorOMalley for stopping by the @BrownforMD Prince George's County office!

I hope you liked the card! htt…
Pleased to receive the Leaders of Democracy Award from the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Foundation today 
L'shanah tovah to all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Best wishes for a happy, healthy new year!
James, October 23. More info for anyone w same question  RT @geekjutsu: @GovernorOMalley When does early voting begin?
I hope Marylanders everywhere, regardless of party affiliation, exercise their right to vote on November 4th. Visit 
Here in Maryland, in contrast to other states, we've expanded access to the polls by enabling on-site early voting and same-day registration
Today is National Voter Registration Day. The right to vote is what Dr. King called "Civil Right Number One." 
We don’t get a second chance at bringing back extinct species. But today's event reminds us that real progress on conservation is possible.
With the team that is working to remove the Delmarva fox squirrel from the endangered species list: 
Maryland has made better choices to  on climate change. Are you willing to accept the challenge? 
Grateful for ’s outpouring of help for families housing  unaccompanied minors. A few resources for them: 
Looks like we started weekend MARC service just in time.    
Congratulations to the Baltimore @Orioles on their AL East Division title. Looking forward to October baseball in Maryland. 
.@wpjenna, read your piece on selifies.  Here's one from last night w/ the artist, Simmie Knox. 
Yesterday we unveiled a portrait of Frederick Douglass at the Governor's residence in MD. Video of installation: 
Great night at Patterson Park! Governor's citation to "1814 -- The Rock Opera" -- all we need is a big a** flag! Well done cast and crew!
Thrilled O'Malley's March could take part in the  celebration. Great weekend in . 
 
Amazing, powerful night for Baltimore and for America.  
An incredible @StarSpangled200 celebration is going on at @FtMcHenryNPS in . 
Federal Hill has played an important role in Baltimore's history. We dedicated a new playground there this morning. 
So grateful that @PTXofficial is taking part in the . They are great. 
Then and now, our Citizen Soldiers &amp; Airmen have made sacrifices to defend our freedom. They represent the best of Maryland.
I spent this morning at Patterson Park with the @MD_Army_Guard to commemorate the MD militia's march to defend Baltimore 200 years ago.
Today we remember those who lost their lives on this day. And we remember the service and sacrifice of so many.
We're on track to increase the number of Marylanders who receive skills training by 20%: 
Employer-led training offers new ladders of opportunity by helping Marylanders obtain new skills for good jobs in high-demand industries.
Today I kicked off the 1st EARN manufacturing boot camp - an employer-led job training - @PompeianOils: 
Baltimoreans created a living US flag @FtMcHenryNPS 100 years ago too. 103-year old Myrtle was there &amp; at today's recreation.
I took some video while Maryland students formed a living American flag : 
We're commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Star-Spangled Banner all week. Learn more and join us at 
More than 7000 MD students are recreating a live American flag today @FtMcHenryNPS : 
As our nation is plagued by division, I hope remembering the story of the Star-Spangled Banner will help us create a better way forward.
I can't wait to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of @FtMcHenryNPS this week: 
Learn about what Maryland is doing to reduce violence against women and children:  (3/3)
Everyone can do more to help end the scourge of domestic violence. Please consider supporting the House of Ruth  (2/3)
The video released this morning of this domestic assault was horrible, shocking, and reprehensible.   (1/3)
Honored to be with @Burke4WI &amp; @ChrisAbeleMKE, great leaders for a better Wisconsin. 
Thanks for having us! MT @Burke4WI: Thanks to @GovernorOMalley for the introduction &amp; for being here tonight with us! 
Huge crowd in 're on their feet &amp; fired up for @Burke4WI! cc: @WisDems @DemGovs @TheDemocrats 
Selfie with @UWMadison students before they went out to knock doors for @Burke4WI. cc: @wisdems 
Lots of fired up canvassers in Iowa City for @BruceBraley, @Senator_Hatch, @daveloebsack &amp; the IA Coord. Campaign. 
.@GovernorQuinn &amp; I agree: when workers earn more, they spend more and the economy grows.  
.@GovernorQuinn &amp; I are in Chicago talking about how we need to .    
Great to be with @SenatorDurbin, @LuisGutierrez &amp; others at an "Unidos con Durbin" event in Chicago.   
Find  events &amp; sign up to volunteer at  
From Sept 11-28, Marylanders are working to feed the hungry, improve our neighborhoods &amp; clean up green spaces: 
Meet The O’Team. 5 leaders who deserve our support. Split a contribution to their campaigns:  
Are you ready for some football?  
Today, we reaffirmed our commitment to restoring the Chesapeake Bay: 
This year, MD farmers are planting cover crops in record numbers, helping to recycle plant nutrients, prevent erosion &amp; improve the soil.
The Wilderness Act was signed on 9/3/64. 50 years later, MD is making it a priority to protect our land &amp; water: 
Happy  to the working men &amp; women who fought for and won many of the protections we enjoy today   
We extend our deepest condolences to Cong. Andy Harris on the tragic loss of his wife. Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the Harris family.
Learn more about the progress we're making to restore the Chesapeake Bay: 
It was great to hear tonight's @Databay_md challenge participants talk about their ideas to restore the Bay 
@BaltCitySchools went back to school on Monday. Watch this video of the kids I met at Holabird Elementary: 
.@EdwardMFelegy Elementary School is brand new this year, part of the nearly $ billion we've invested in school construction.
With kids at @EdwardMFelegy Elementary School in Hyattsville today, talking about healthy eating over lunch 
Today I helped serve lunch and toured @EdwardMFelegy Elementary School in Hyattsville 
Congratulations to @OfficialJLD on her Emmy for Lead Actress in a Comedy. We love having @VeepHBO in Maryland. 
Happy anniversary, Katie. I love you totally. 
We're continuing our progress, developing good teachers &amp; principals w/ new evaluations &amp; our 1st principals academy 
We're continuing to innovate, with new investments in pre-K, STEM education &amp; environmental literacy: 
Because of the investments we made in education, MD public schools have been ranked #1 for 5 years in a row: 
Today I welcomed Baltimore City students back to school at Holabird Elementary school: 
Today's event is part of the  celebration. Check out other upcoming events: 
Today's event is part of the  celebration. Check out other upcoming events: 
The men on this monument represent a tribute to all who fought &amp; died defending our Nation’s Capital on August 24, 1814.
Today, I'm helping dedicate the “Undaunted in Battle” monument, commemorating the War of 1812's Battle of Bladensburg.
Happy to contribute &amp; participate in the ALS   you’re up @RepCummings, @StenyHoyer, &amp; Colum McCann
RT @MDEnvironment: Get inspired this pm: C how @DataBay_MD finalist Bay Bucks answered @GovernorOMalley's call 2 : …
Happy birthday, Katie O'Malley! Looking forward to celebrating many more happy occasions together. 
Watch a behind-the-scenes look at MyBay, an app to  created during this month's @DataBay_MD challenge 
.@portofbalt was named "Most Notable Seaport Security Program" &amp; has become one of the most secure ports in the  
We've upgraded the @BWI_Airport police, security, fire, &amp; medical dispatch center to improve our emergency response: 
.@BWI_Airport &amp; @portofbalt recently won @GSNGovtSecNews awards for public safety &amp; security improvements: 
This is the lowest number of total crimes &amp; the lowest crime rate MD has ever reported since reporting began in 1975: 
This is our 7th consecutive year of record crime reductions in Maryland: 
For updates on flash flood warnings and road closures, follow @mdmema, @mdsha, and @themdta or go to 
Our Sept. 13 celebrations will include a concert featuring @JohnLithgow, @BaltSymphony, @smokey_robinson, @KChenoweth &amp; @denycegraves.
Check out the  events schedule &amp; learn more: 
Today we announced plans for the , commemorating the birth of the Star Spangled Banner &amp; War of 1812 
W/ our health info. exchange, we're effectively mapping &amp; addressing healthcare problems &amp; streamlining patient care. 
By moving away from the fee-for-service model, we've reduced preventable hospitalizations by  
.@businessinsider calls our innovative efforts to control healthcare costs in MD "an amazing healthcare revolution" 
Our innovations to control healthcare costs have been called "the boldest proposal in the US.” Learn more: 
No one who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty. Right, @LaborSec? 
.@LaborSec &amp; I rolled burritos &amp; talked about raising the minimum wage today @boloco 
 MT @LaborSec: Lunch today w/@GovernorOMalley at @Boloco, a burrito chain with starting wages of $9/hr, &amp; avg pay of $12/ hr.
Congrats @DataBay_MD finalists!  Looking forward to learning more about your innovative ideas 2 
I visited @FlyingDog Brewery today. They're donating money to the True Blue campaign, which promotes sustainable MD crabmeat.
I stopped by the Gourmet Goat in @Hagerstown_MD today, and visited the new library &amp; renovated historic theater 
Our goal is to reduce preventable hospitalizations 10% by the end of 2015. We've seen an  decrease since 2011 
I'm in Cumberland today at @WesternMDHealth, talking about our efforts to reduce preventable hospitalizations &amp; control healthcare costs.
I spent National Night Out in Baltimore, talking with residents about making our neighborhoods safer  
We're on track to meet our goal of reducing violent crime in Maryland by 20% by the end of 2018:  
We hope that in every generation we become more understanding of one another &amp; more respectful of the dignity of every individual &amp; culture.
I was asked earlier today and answered that I do believe it is probably time for the Washington Redskins to change their team name.
Tonight is National Night Out, an anti-crime effort to make neighborhoods safer. Find an event near you:  
Great to be in Colorado for the @DemGovs and John Hickenlooper (@hickforco). Even played a little music last night. 
Had a great time talking innovation and data-driven decision making at @1776dc yesterday. 
Thanks to these educators for their commitment. Their work is the reason Maryland schools are #1 in the nation. 
This week we're hosting the annual Governor's  Academy, which helps MD principals grow as school leaders.
Walk-off  it! Go @Orioles!
We invest in local startups &amp; new industries --&gt; MD has been the #1 state for innovation &amp; entrepreneurship for 3 years in a row. 
The biggest challenge for startups is access to capital. I'm @1776dc sharing how we've used public dollars in MD to attract more investment.
Tonight I'm @1776dc talking about how we've used data in MD to track progress towards our policy goals: 
.@usgsa has named Greenbelt Station &amp; Landover Mall as possible locations for the new @FBI HQ. Both are outstanding options. 
Excited to be there tonight! RT @1776DC How is @GovernorOMalley enabling ? He gave us the scoop: 
A sincere thank you to the MD families who've taken in migrant children fleeing violence. More kids here (per capita) than any other state.
RT @drJoshS: Action-oriented meeting this morning on refugee children with clergy and @GovernorOMalley
There are @Orioles fans everywhere. Met one at an event for @Senator_Hatch in Sioux City - former IA Sen Al Sturgeon. 
Came to N. Liberty, IA for Kevin Kinney &amp; @SenateMajority -- and @SenatorHarkin dropped by!  
Great to be w/ you &amp; Sen. Hart! MT @RepMaryWolfe: W/Sen Rita Hart &amp; @GovernorOMalley at Lyon's Depot in Clinton IA 
Was a pleasure to join MT @latinorebels: We talked with @GovernorOMalley about the current  crisis 
Are you participating in MD's Buy Local Challenge by eating at least one locally grown food everyday this week? What are you cooking?
During the 2011-2012 school year Maryland schools spent about 10% of their school meal budget on local food 
There are now approximately 145 farmers markets in Maryland, at least one in every county and the City of Baltimore, with demand growing.
We hosted a Buy Local cookout in Annapolis today to encourage Marylanders to buy locally grown food. 
.@SenatorBarb &amp; @SenatorCardin are right -- we need to invest in job-creating transportation infrastructure. 
From 2008-2013, the number of heroin-related ER visits more than tripled. We must prepare our health care system to handle this influx.
Heroin has become cheaper, more available &amp; more lethal. Overdose deaths represent one of the most serious public health challenges we face.
I headed to @AnnapolisPD to talk with state and local officials about our goal of reducing overdose deaths by 20%: 
Thanks to Scott Wiater, president of @StandardSolar, for supporting the @SustainaFest Tiny House Project 
Sustainable living &amp; energy-efficient housing are part of solving our climate challenge-here's what else we're doing 
Today I'm visiting the Tiny House, a 210 square foot sustainable model home built by 50 @SustainaFest students 
The lab's construction has been economically inclusive, with real goals to increase minority and women-owned business participation.
Our discoveries, research and treatments at this lab will save lives here in our own backyard, and the world over.
Today we celebrated the opening of a new public health lab @johnshopkins to serve East Baltimore 
Powerful discussion w/ faith leaders from across Maryland today about helping care for children from the humanitarian crisis at our border.
Happy Birthday @SenatorBarb! Thankful for your commitment to Maryland families &amp; your leadership for our country. 
Great event on the Eastern Shore about fortifying MD's homeland security. Track our progress:  
We aim to reduce electric consumption by 15% by 2015:  @MyBGE has summer energy-saving tips: 
We set a goal to reduce domestic violence by 25% by 2012. We exceeded it w/ a  reduction 
Participated in the Interfaith Domestic Violence Coalition today, which is bringing together faith leaders to reduce domestic violence.
In MD, we :  MT @BarackObama: Chris has seen the impacts of climate change. 
The greatest power we have is power of our principles. We're not a country that should send children away &amp; send them back to certain death
Who doesn't love parks and open spaces? Thank you @Interior &amp; @LWCFCOALITION for the grant supporting @MDStateParks.  
Women should be able to make their own healthcare decisions w/out interference from CEOs. 
Thanks @SenatorBarb &amp; @SenatorCardin for working to counter last week's  decision &amp; restore access to birth control for MD women.
Our $100k investment in @RedOwlytics helped the company secure private funding to create MD jobs: 
Credit ratings are out - we're still rated AAA by all 3 agencies. We're 1 of only 7 states to keep a top rating through the recession.
Great Lew Daly op-ed about :  He's also written about our decision to use GPI in MD: 
Congrats @1199SEIU &amp; @JohnsHopkins on reaching an agreement. When workers earn more, businesses have more customers &amp; our economy grows.
We set a goal of increasing the number of STEM college graduates in MD 40% by 2015 – already we’ve reached : 
We're investing in tomorrow's workforce by training Marylanders in the skills employers need: 
In the past year, MD has created over 22,000 jobs – almost 85% of them created by private-sector businesses: 
Our investments have led more than 120 cybersecurity entities to open or expand in MD, adding nearly 9,000 new jobs.
Today I'm visiting @RedOwlytics, which has helped make Maryland the epicenter of American cybersecurity.
Can't wait! RT @RedOwlytics Excited to have @GovernorOMalley @StateMaryland visit the RedOwl office today! 
Jealous. What flavor did u get? MT @ashleyvalis: @MDGBmore @GovernorOMalley Best snowball stand in MD  
Happy Independence Day! Here’s a link to some events across MD. Tweet at me with your family pics throughout the day. 
.@BryanVoltaggio Congratulations on the  opening last weekend. Can't wait to try the new 'll be there soon.
Great news: 5th straight month of 200k+ nat'l job growth. In MD, we choose to invest in schools, innovation &amp; infrastructure w great results
Are you a techie with an interest in the  or a scientist? Join us for our  Challenge. @databay_md 
Thank you  for showing us that a few motivated people can change the world. 
Today, I join  across our State in marking the 50th Anniversary of the .
RT @StateMaryland: RT @MDMEMA: Severe t-storm watch extended to upper Eastern Shore. Follow forecasts and keep devices charged. EM
To address the threat of climate change, we must encourage the development of clean, renewable energy like offshore wind energy production
Today's wind energy news is an important step forward in our plan to drive up renewable energy generation in MD by 20% by 2022.
Today @Interior took the final step to auction 80,000 acres offshore Maryland for wind energy production.
RT @kenulman: Time to rally, . We may be down, but we're not out! VOTE    …
Happy -starting today salons like @thedrybar can apply for &amp; serve wine/champagne/beer w/ hair services 
Congratulations to Admiral Michelle Howard, the first female Four Star Admiral in the history of the  Navy. 
Best of luck to the  Men’s Soccer Team against Belgium today. Especially U of MD alums @gzusi and @Omar4Gonzalez 
Yes! Very excited @UofMaryland is officially joining the @bigtenconf today.  RT @presidentloh Do you ?
RT @theDrybar: So surreal, but today is proclaimed  in @StateMaryland! Special thx to @GovernorOMalley &amp; DB regional manager C…
Join @kenulman &amp; help  advance in @parademagazine’s  contest! Voting ends at midnight: 
No woman should have her health care decisions made by her boss. Period. This decision is wrong and a setback for women’s health.
Good game by . Congratulations on advancing!
RT @ClintonGlobal: Maryland @GovernorOMalley announces a new  commitment to create a Mid-Atlantic  Exchange: http…
.@BrianFrosh was a leader on strengthening our gun safety laws, and a leader on restoring the Bay. He’s going to be an outstanding AG.
Maryland will be incredibly well served with Anthony Brown as Governor. He is a true American success story.
Last polling place of the  George's County.  
Getting Out the Vote with @RepDonnaEdwards and Mayor Walter Lee James 
A little less then five hours to vote in Maryland. Find your polling location &amp; tweet at me w/ your I Voted sticker 
Quick picture break with some of the Brown-Ulman volunteers working hard to get out the vote today in Maryland. 
GOTV RT @BrianFrosh: Grateful to have such great support today! Thanks @GovernorOMalley &amp; @ChrisVanHollen  
Getting out the vote for Anthony Brown with my son William. Find your polling location:  
RT @BrownforMD: About to head out to our final GOTV rally in Prince George's County. Cc @GovernorOMalley @kenulman @DonnaFEdwards http://t.…
Pleasure to be there MT @BrianFrosh: What a great time last night! Thanks @GovernorOMalley for coming out and singing 
Tomorrow is Election Day in Maryland. Make your plan to vote and find your polling location here: 
We filmed a fun behind-the-scenes video from my trip to Iowa that I hope you’ll watch and share with friends 
Thank you to the @NewPsalmist family for your kindness this am. @ltgovbrown &amp; I thank you for all you've done for 8 yrs. Forward, not back!
RT @PatMurphy4Iowa: "Thank you, Pat, for having the guts to do this really important work." @GovernorOMalley  
Excellent time campaigning in Cedar Rapids, IA with @Senator_Hatch, @MonicaVernon, @senatorrobhogg, and his son. 
Here’s the full video from my speech earlier today at the @iowademocrats 2014 Convention. Please share. 
Let’s go! MT @Senator_Hatch: Thanks for the energy and excitement Democrats! We're off to campaign the rest of the day with @GovernorOMalley
Progress is a choice. We do not move forward by chance.  Hope drives belief. Belief drives action. And action achieves results. 
Prosperity doesn’t trickle down from the top. Never has. When workers earn more money businesses have more customers &amp; economy grows 
The stronger we make our country, the more she gives back to us. We will not solve our problems by doing less. We must do more.
To those who would prescribe a “future of less” for America’s middle class - how much less education will make our children smarter? 
Our founders didn’t belittle science and learning; they aspired to it. They didn’t appeal to America’s fears; they inspired courage 
The patriots who made America great did not pray for their president to fail, they prayed for their president to succeed. 
For 235 years, we've been the country that thrilled the world, and led the world, in large part by making ourselves stronger at home 
Talking to @IowaDemocrats about the story of us -- the story of Baltimore and Iowa, the story of Maryland and America 
Having a great time. MT @LoudAndLiberal: @HeavenAndBalder TY 4 indulging political geeks of Iowa with ur visit! 
Gathered with Polk County @iowademocrats at their canvass kick off in Beaverdale. 
RT @iowademocrats: A  standing ovation as @Senator_Hatch finishes his remarks. 
Excited to join @iowademocrats as they honor @SenatorHarkin at their 2014 Hall of Fame Dinner. 
RT @MarkSchauer: .@LisaBrown39 and I had a great time campaigning with @GovernorOMalley in Ann Arbor today.  …
Excited to campaign with @Senator_Hatch, @BruceBraley, @AppelforIowa, and @iowademocrats this weekend. 
Campaigning for the @BrownforMD / @kenulman ticket on the last day to . Locations:  
Today is the last day to  in Maryland. Find your location and make a plan to cast your ballot: 
Great! Ask your friends to join you before  ends  RT @RuralMaryland: @GovernorOMalley I voted yesterday!
Reply if you took advantage of  in Maryland. Last day is tomorrow. More info here:  
RT @BrownforMD: Even our youngest supporters are out talking to voters today! 
Tomorrow is the last day to  in Maryland. Visit  to find times and locations in your area.
Lots of energy tonight.  MT @BrownforMD: @GovernorOMalley thanking Prince George's vols for their hard work 
RT @DavidSloan26: Thank you @GovernorOMalley for greeting  participants with me tonight! Very honored to have your support. htt…
Great win for the  -- and @gzusi from @MarylandMSoccer had a huge assist. 
Best of luck to the  Men’s National Soccer team in their World Cup match against Ghana.  
Today's Bay agreement is a common platform to restore the Bay in open &amp; transparent ways accessible to all citizens in the Bay watershed.
The Chesapeake Bay is a unique and irreplaceable environmental resource intertwined with Maryland’s identity 
Follow our progress:  -  and 
We increased crop plantings by 200% since 2006, plan to reduce greenhouse gasses 25% by 2020 &amp; passed legislation to increase forest cover.
In MD, we set a goal to restore the Chesapeake Bay &amp; reach a Healthier Bay Tipping Point by 2025. 
The threat of climate change is real -- our prosperity depends first on the health of our life-sustaining environment.
@nancyduden Nancy, Thanks for sharing that picture! Which one are you?
@sarahxc5 Thank you for sharing. How’d you fare on the range?
@chelsea_said_it Happy Father’s Day to your father. Thank you for sharing that picture.
@JimFranke Thank you for sharing that picture, Jim.
RT @roswellencina: @GovernorOMalley Great pic Governor! Here's to all dads! 
@jlschuster827 Terrific picture. Thank you so much for sharing.
RT @RayLehr: @GovernorOMalley Happy Fathers Day. Only had my Dad for 7 years but his legacy lives on in me, my sons and grand kids http://t…
Happy Father's Day to all of the dads out there, and the ones that we'll never forget. Tweet at me with your pictures 
Anthony earned the @baltimoresun endorsement; congrats! MT @BrownforMD: Balt. Sun endorses Anthony Brown for Governor 
The thread of human dignity held our flag together in 1814 when the Star-Spangled Banner was written &amp; it holds us together today. 
Great to represent  at the @Smithsonian today to  in honor of the 200th anniversary of the Star-Spangled Banner. 
We froze tuition for 4 years in 2007. Since, we've capped increases at 3% a year. 
The Wash Post says we've done more in Maryland to hold down the cost of college tuition than any other state: 
RT @BrownforMD: . @GovernorOmalley stopped by our Baltimore City office to thank volunteers for their hard work!   http:…
Out this morning encouraging Marylanders to vote early. Look up your locations by county:  
RT @BenJealous: Attention : early voting starts today! Here's why you should take advantage of it 
Again, early primary voting in Maryland starts tomorrow. For more information, visit 
We've also moved re-enfranchise as many as 52,000 rehabilitated Marylanders, men &amp; women who have paid their debt within our justice system
In MD, we’ve expanded voting access by enabling on-site early voting, same day registration, &amp; bolstering our online registration services.
Early voting starts tomorrow in MD and more likely to vote if you have a plan to cast your ballot. What's yours? 
Thanks @BarackObama for signing . The bill will strengthen @PortofBalt, expand Poplar Island restoration &amp; create good-paying jobs.
Kicking off a patriotic summer with a  from last week's Star-Spangled Banner Trail announcement. 
Congratulations to @UMDCoachSzefc and the entire @UMTerpsBaseball baseball team on an outstanding season.  
RT @nickcstewart: Big news! @GovernorOMalley endorsed our campaign for the House of Delegates!   …
RT @GovPeterShumlin: I'm signing a bill to  in  so those working hard have a fighting chance. It's just common sense. http:…
Big win today for @UMTerpsBaseball.   
Come see my band O’Malley’s March open for Black 47 tonight at Baltimore Soundstage. Doors open at 630pm. Tickets: 
Maryland astronaut Reid Wiseman posted the first Vine from space - a time lapse single earth orbit. You should watch 
We owe unceasing gratitude to all who made the historic landings in Normandy on June 6, 1944. 
70 yrs ago today, Marylanders from the famed 29th infantry division stormed the beaches of Normandy &amp; changed the course of history. 
Congratulations to @UofMaryland Pitcher @jstinnett7 on getting drafted in the 2nd round last night by the Chicago Cubs.
I'm ready  MT @UMTerpsHRclub: @GovernorOMalley R U ready 4 @UMTerpsBaseball in the Super Regionals vs ? 
RT @BrianFrosh: Thank you @GovernorOMalley for your support!   
RT @CountyExecBaker: @GovernorOMalley "One state stood up and saved the nation, and that was our state." @Maryland  http://…
The legacy of the the War of 1812 is that our diverse young nation was able to hold together and defend herself, &amp; Maryland was at the fore.
Two centuries ago, in the War of 1812, MD citizens encountered an unforgiving invader in more raids and battles than in any other state.
Today I'm announcing the opening of the Star-Spangled Banner National Historic Trail, which will tell the story of the War of 1812 in MD.
RT @StateMaryland: RT @UMUC: Get involved with our state's own  and help our  find the jobs they want! …
RT @SenatorCardin:  crabcakes cant fall to Buffalo wings in @RollCall's Taste of America. Vote MD &amp;  let the comeback begin
http:/…
Great to see @RichardTrumka at the @AFLCIO today. He's a fan of a stronger middle  the  @Orioles 
Maryland kids &amp; teens can  this summer. Find free  at  or txt FOOD to 877-877.
Our economy is getting stronger, and with @ltgovbrown's leadership, together we will continue to create jobs &amp; make it even stronger still.
Great to work together. MT @MomsDemand: Our MD moms thank Gov O'Malley on the 1-yr anniv. of the Firearms Safety Act. 
Congrats to Maryland-based @Discovery Communications on moving into the Fortune 500.
Since 2007, we’ve driven down violent crime by  &amp; homicides by 32% in MD. Follow our progress: 
Govt's most sacred responsibility is keeping people safe. Our goal is to drive down violent crime in MD 20% by 2018 
3 of my administration’s 16 strategic goals relate to climate change. Track our progress @StateStat  
MD’s carbon reduction plan reduces emissions by 25%, generates 25% of energy from renewables, &amp; creates 37k jobs.  
Maryland is among nation's most vulnerable states to sea level rise, but we have a plan.  
I applaud the President's plan to reduce CO2 pollution from existing power plants 
Climate change is the transformation that transforms everything. 
Great to be w/ @Clyburn for a book signing for "Blessed Experiences."  
Thanks, Ashley. It was a blast. MT @ashleyvalis: @GovernorOMalley was a hit today at the MD Green School Youth Summit 
The drop in uninsured patients is already lowering hospital bills in Maryland. 
We are driving down uncompensated care at Maryland hospitals, which is lowering hospital bills: 
Our investments are attracting new tech start-ups to Maryland: 
Told graduating class at Bethesda-Chevy Chase HS 40yrs ago you could find me near the school w/ my dog Louie.  
We’re creating cybersecurity jobs, driving solutions to protect personal information &amp; leading the fight to secure America’s virtual borders
Today @SenatorBarb &amp; I launched the Maryland Cybersecurity Roundtable to expand MD's cybersecurity industry &amp; create jobs.
Zero emission vehicles are essential to creating healthier, more sustainable transportation and achieving our air quality &amp; climate goals.
MD is partnering with 7 other states to reduce greenhouse gas &amp; smog by putting  million zero emission vehicles on the road by 2025.
Watch Cmdr. Reid Wiseman from Cockeysville, MD launch to the Int’l Space Station live here: 
In about  hours, Cmdr. Reid Wiseman from Cockeysville, MD is scheduled to launch to the Int'l Space Station. Godspeed, @astro_reid.
Her own words speak so eloquently. "We can be. Be and be better. For [she] existed."  Rest in peace, Dr. Angelou.
Final review and edits before speaking with Massachusetts Democrats at their annual Roosevelt Dinner. 
I love that as governor of MD I can still play street music in Annapolis. 
Starting June 1, we're encouraging MD employers to incorporate or expand upon established veteran hiring initiatives 
Today we remember the men &amp; women who gave everything for family, neighbors and generations they will never meet - for one Nation, under God
RT @umterps: Your 2014 Women's Lacrosse National Champions. 
HUGE! @MarylandWLax just won the national championship. Congrats to Coach Reese and the team. 
The recent mass shooting in CA is heartbreaking. We're overdue for a national conversation about mental health and guns 
"Climate change is the transformation that transforms everything." Behind-the-scenes at my UofMD Commencement Address 
Great story! This @JohnsHopkins grad's dad returned from Afghanistan to surprise her at her commencement. Congrats! 
.@JulianCastro will be an outstanding HUD Secretary. Glad to see another mayor join @anthonyfoxx &amp; @USDA's Tom Vilsack in the Cabinet.
Congrats to @ShaunHUD on being named new OMB director. He's done great driving performance management via HUDStat. 
RT @baltimoresun: Going to @OCMaryland over the long weekend? Here are some of our readers' favorite haunts: 

.@TheTodayShow was live at MD's most popular beach travel spot, @OCMaryland, this morning. Watch the clip: 
Lots of people are headed to @OCMaryland this weekend. Are you one of them? What other MD beaches are you visiting this weekend?
My Huffington Post piece on making college more affordable and the choices we’ve made in Maryland to hold down costs 
Congratulations to all of the 2014 college graduates.   
Thanks for having me! RT @UofMaryland Top 5 Reasons we’re happy to have @GovernorOMalley at  WATCH 
RT @presidentloh: .@governoromalley &amp; I extend huge congrats to  Class of 2014! Go TERPS! 
We still have time to become great ancestors - to carry our story forward with the on-going story of a life-giving creation. 
We share a single urgent calling to preserve, create, and advance the conditions that are conducive to life. 
The 21st century is a world of ideas, not ideologies. Yesterday's ideologies dictate by excuse. Your ideas question &amp; liberate. 
Class of '14, you enter a world riddled with crises &amp; dysfunctional institutions, but also a renaissance of innovation &amp; discovery 
Congrats to student speaker Sergio Torres. Like @presidentloh, he emigrated from Latin America. Only in America are their stories possible.
I'm thrilled to be congratulating @UofMaryland graduates at today's  
Appreciate Dr. Kirwan's kind words about our efforts to make college more affordable for more families.  
Great to see the @BlueAngels flying in Annapolis today. 
Congratulations to North Bay Rugby HS Girls for their excellent showing at the nat. championship last weekend in MA. 
RT @MdAgDept: .@GovernorOMalley has declared this Emerald Ash Borer Awareness Week. Help save the Ash Trees.  http://…
RT @MDBiz: Much entrepreneurial brainpower on stage:  winners honored by @GovernorOMalley +  Sec. Dominick Murray …
@jackandraka Well deserved, congratulations. Excellent article. 
I look forward to watching all of the InvestMaryland Challenge companies grow and thrive here: 
MD is committed to supporting innovators who develop cutting-edge technologies, start new companies &amp; create family-sustaining jobs.
Gaithersburg-based @ClickMedix helps patients obtain best-quality care regardless of gender, age, and income-level.
.@HealthifyUS, a start up out of @JohnsHopkins, is helping address the social needs of patients.
The Cybersecurity winner, cloud computing company @luminalHQ, recently moved from West Virginia to Frederick, MD.
Life Sciences winner @BrainSentry has developed a helmet-mounted sensor to identify athletes who should be assessed for a concussion.
Yesterday, I awarded $100k each to the 4 InvestMaryland Challenge winners. The competition promotes tech start ups: 
I visited @hcpss_dms recently to play flag football and talk about students' efforts to help with oyster restoration 
Our strategy of expanding no-harvest oyster sanctuaries is paying off, along with our efforts to produce &amp; plant  billion oysters.
We have twice as many oysters in Maryland waters than in 2010: 
With more coordination, public awareness &amp; tougher penalties for traffickers, we'll better protect MD families from this despicable practice
Together, we’ve driven down violent crime to 30-year lows. We're building on our efforts to find these predators &amp; bring them to justice.
From Nigeria to right here in Maryland, human trafficking imposes unimaginable horrors on its victims, many of them children.
Today in Baltimore,  Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein and I kicked off the 3rd Annual Governor’s Conference on Human Trafficking.
Enjoying the Preakness Stakes with family at Pimlico. Who is going to win? 
On behalf of our State, thank you to these Maryland School of Medicine graduates. May God bless the work of your hands and hearts.
It is my great honor to say congratulations and join the 2014 Graduation Class of the UofMD School of Medicine as their commencement speaker
We still have more work to do to expand opportunity &amp; create more jobs, but we are building a stronger middle class together. (2/2)
Maryland gained 9,300 jobs last month, driving down our state's unemployment rate to  (1/2)
Creating jobs and expanding opportunity has been the North Star of my administration, and our budget reflects those priorities.
This year's MD budget: more jobs, better schools &amp; fiscal responsibility. 
It's our responsibility to preserve these areas today, so there can be no question abt how they'll be used or developed in the future (2/2)
I've also signed a bill today that will expand our state's wildlands system by 50% - protecting 22,000 acres of land. (1/2)
In MD, we've passed marriage equality, outlawed discrimination against transgender MDers, and extended health benefits to same-sex couples
Signed the Fairness for All Marylander Act today. Congrats to @RichMadaleno for his hard work &amp; to @EqualityMD &amp; @HRC for their leadership.
RT @BrownforMD: "You've got to have a plan  and you have to be a leader - that's what Anthony Brown is" - President @BillClinton http://…
Great to be at @PressClubDC today talking about the 200th anniv. of our nat'l anthem this yr. Join the celebration! 
Growing the middle class is a central focus of our work, and ensuring the retirement security of MD workers is a key part of that equation.
Pleased to announce we established a task force today to focus on ensuring retirement security for all Marylanders.
Good luck to North Bay Rugby high school girls competing in the National High School Rugby Championships this week 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms being celebrated today. 
Katie &amp; I couldn't be prouder of our daughter Tara, who graduated from college today. 
Welcome to Baltimore, @TreyDeuce32RTR - we have a strong tradition of great linebackers in this city. 
RT @GovernorMarkell: Concerned poss. acquisition of @AstraZenecaUS by @Pfizer cld impact 5,700 families in  &amp; MD. …
.@GovernorMarkell &amp; I concerned about Pfizer trying to buy AstraZeneca. We'll work to keep these good paying jobs in Maryland &amp; Delaware
Can't believe my little girl is graduating this weekend. I am so proud of you.  
RT @Bakari_Sellers: I'm pleased to announce that @GovernorOMalley will be joining us at next week's fundraiser in . RSVP now! …
.@BrownforMD demonstrated strong leadership tonight, just as he has for the past 7+ years. He's what Maryland needs to keep moving forward.
The bill I signed to extend the EV tax credit will allow us to build more @Chevrolet Sparks right here in MD 
Congratulations to MD native @KDTrey5 on his first NBA MVP award. Moving speech about the role teammates and family played in your success.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day. Thank you for making MD's schools NUMBER ONE for five years in a row.  
Both @GM and @UAW consider this law the best in the nation and we're creating jobs right here in MD at the GM White Marsh Plant 
Great to sign an extension of the electric vehicle tax credit into law today, making Maryland a leader in EV tax credts &amp; green energy
We fought to  b/c nobody who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty.  a raise for MD families.
For the last eight years, expanding the middle class has been the North Star of my administration. Raising the minimum wage moves us forward
RT @StateMaryland:  Maryland families will receive a raise injecting money into our economy &amp; creating family supporting jobs. ht…
I just signed legislation that will raise Maryland’s minimum wage to $
Answering my first question at my Reddit   
I'm hosting a Reddit  at 9am Eastern. Stop by and post your questions and I'll do my best to answer. 
Thank you @HarryReid, @rlange9, @DinaTitus, and all of the @ClarkDems for the warm welcome and wonderful evening. 
Great to be w/ you MT @ProudToRescue: On behalf of Local 1908 &amp; the @ClarkCountyFD welcome to Vegas, @GovernorOMalley 
@ReidScott_ Katie &amp; I will be sitting w/ @Yahoo. Come by and say hello.
A few final edits to my speech at @ClarkDems Jefferson Jackson Dinner. 
Hope to see you there. MT @ReidScott_: I hear @GovernorOMalley is repping  Maryland here at . Would love to say hi this wknd in DC.
RT @AaronDFordNV: Delighted to meet and speak with @GovernorOMalley! Looking forward to his keynote at tonight's @ClarkDems JJ Dinner! http…
Enjoyed spending time with Nevada’s next Lt. Governor, @LucyFlores. 
RT @MDOTNews: .@GovernorOMalley announces @StateMaryland in TOP 10 for bike-friendly states.  @BikeLeague …
RT @DavidAgnew44: Great to have Maryland legislators who voted to raise their min wage to $ at the @WhiteHouse today  http:/…
RT @WhipHoyer:  higher wages for 28 million Americans. RT if you agree it's time for Congress to act to . …
 economic growth and prosperity. It's time for Congress to join Maryland and .
 dignity to every family that works hard and plays by the rules. That's why we  in Maryland.
Nobody who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty.   fairness.
The Senate's failure to  was a missed opportunity to grow our economy &amp; lift Americans out of poverty. We can do better #1010
Congrats to Hawaii on becoming the 3rd state to  to #1010 this year. Now it's time for Congress to act.
Happy to share that I'll be participating in a Reddit  at 10am on 5/5/14 - right before I sign a bill to  in Maryland.
RT @MdPublicSchools: Maryland schools are great b/c our teachers are the best. @Mr_McComb is the 3rd Md teacher named National Teacher of Y…
Sean McComb embodies what it means to be a teacher - tirelessly preparing his students for college or a career after high school.
Congratulations to Patapsco High teacher Sean McComb on being named the National Teacher of the Year.
Glad to see VA making the  of affordable college available to more students, regardless of immigration status 
Since creating a Commission on Autism in 2009, MD has become a national leader in medical care cost-reduction and autism support.
Autism spectrum disorder affects thousands of Maryland families, with one in sixty-eight children diagnosed.
April is National Autism Awareness Month. We're lighting Government House bright blue every night to raise awareness 
The Impact Fund reinvests in MD’s towns &amp; cities to revitalize neighborhoods &amp; spur economic growth 
Today we announced Impact Fund assistance to support smart, sustainable projects like the redevelopment of Old Town Mall in Baltimore.
 MT @SenatorCardin: Here in  @GovernorOMalley &amp; the Gen. Assembly passed  bill, Congress should follow suit.
Pleased to have had the opportunity to visit the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam. 
Pleased to announce that we've reached an agreement and @HouseOfCards will film its third season in Maryland.
Yesterday was @HubbleTelescope's 24th birthday! Did you know that Hubble is operated from the @JohnsHopkins campus?
Congrats to MD's Annette March-Grier on being selected as the 2014  for her work helping grieving children &amp; families
Maryland's teachers are creating a brighter future for our state.  
Saturday is UMD’s  - Head to College Park for a campus-wide celebration of fearless ideas! 
RT @ErinatTheSun: Here's a selfie of a guy in t-shirt from @GovernorOMalley's first political campaign 24 years ago. MT @DylanGoldberg: htt…
 applauds @SenatorBarb's call for a commission to help find the way forward for  &amp; Nat'l Guard! 
In Dublin with the incomparable John Lewis and the next generation of leaders talking about reconciliation. 
More than 1,800 at-risk youth have worked a summer at Maryland State Parks over the past 5 years 
Last spring, MD students planted 46,000 trees as part of the 2013 Stream Restoration Challenge 
The MD Green Schools program now includes 425 schools that are practicing sustainability &amp; improving the environment 
In 2011, Maryland became the first state in the nation to adopt an environmental literacy graduation requirement 
We've made great progress over the past 6 years to expand opportunities for MD children to experience &amp; learn about nature 
 is about connecting our kids with the environment and teaching them about responsible stewardship for our natural resources.
RT @nokidhungry: Thanks to , @GovernorOMalley &amp; legislators, more MD kids can access !  http:…
This is an important continuation of our work to raise the Bay’s native oyster population to its highest survival rate in 27 years.
.@CSX is transporting more than 112,000 tons of fossilized oyster shell from Florida to the Chesapeake Bay 
We're working with @CSX on the east coast's largest oyster restoration project. Watch @AMC_TV's video to learn more 
Of course we'll still be rooting for the  to beat the Sox today - Let's go O's! 6-0
Good luck to all those running the , including the Marylanders who've made the trip  
Congrats &amp; happy 25th birthday to MD native @TatyanaMcFadden on her back-to-back Boston Marathon women's wheelchair titles 
From my family to yours, have a blessed Easter Sunday.
@BigpapiHT That’s excellent, Herb. Thank you for sharing.
@kimhenry124 Happy Easter to you, Kim. Thank you for sharing.
Decorating eggs for tomorrow. If your family does the same, reply with some of your pictures. 
Maryland added 2,300 total jobs last month, driving down our unemployment rate to  - lowest level since November 2008. 
Love having @VeepHBO in Maryland! MT @PeterHambyCNN: Followed Jonah on Instagram. Found this… 
RT @MDGBmore: @ParksandPeople's Jackie Carrera is an incredible civic leader who has made Baltimore a better place in so many ways. http://…
Our investment to expand MARC service helped thousands of MD'ers enjoy the Cherry Blossoms in DC &amp; avoid hours of congestion last weekend. 
Over 13,000 people took advantage of weekend MARC service last Saturday and Sunday - breaking our previous records.
Happy Passover and have a wonderful Seder. 2/2
Yesterday's shooting reminds us of Rabbi Heschel: "The very survival of our people is a kiddush hashem. We live in spite of peril." 1/2
Together, we've driven violent crime down to levels not seen since 1970s. Track our goals and progress: @statestat 
Improving safety/security in correctional facilities: combatting the contraband, enhancing investigatory capacity &amp; rooting out corruption.
I signed "Jakes Law" -- a bill increasing penalties for people who cause serious/fatal car accidents while texting or using handheld phones.
The marijuana decriminalization bill will make it easier for law enforcement to focus on higher priority crimes &amp; drive down violence in MD
Domestic Violence: We'll give judges power to enhance penalties for violence in front of child &amp; make it easier to obtain protective orders
I just signed a series of public safety bills: domestic violence protections, marijuana decriminalization, prison security &amp; "Jake's Law"
RT @WisDems: Last night was one of the best Founders Day Gala's ever. Special thanks to @GovernorOMalley and everyone who made the night a …
I'm eager to help Mary Burke (@Burke4WI) beat Scott Walker this November &amp; hope you'll join me by signing up at 
Progress is not some magic trick. And reform is not a mystery. Hope drives belief. Belief drives action. And action achieves results.
Prosperity doesn’t trickle down from the top. It never has. A thriving economy is built from the middle out &amp; middle up. 
In Maryland, we have done more, not less, to create jobs and build a modern economy – an economy, with a human purpose. 
How much less education would make our children smarter?  How many fewer college graduates will make our economy more competitive?
The real and very serious question we have to ask one another is this: how much less do we believe would be good for our country?
We launched a campaign we called "Believe," and over next 10yrs, Baltimore went on to achieve biggest reduction in crime of any major city
When I was elected Mayor of Baltimore, there was a difference between the city we carried in our hearts, and the one in the headlines.
I'm at  talk about the story of us: the story of Baltimore and Wisconsin, of Maryland &amp; America. 
Just this past week, Minnesota &amp; my state of Maryland both voted to  - Scott Walker thinks that was "political grandstanding"
Happy to join Wisconsin Democrats (@wisdems) and Chairman @michaeljtate at their annual Founders Day event.
.@RepGwenMoore firing up the crowd at @WisDems  
Great to be wih the next governor of Wisconsin, @Burke4WI  
Teaching my son how to drive… 
I applaud @CMSGov's release of Medicare data. We've seen in MD that  helps government focus on results: 
Congratulations to @GovMarkDayton and the Minnesota legislature on their work to . It's time for Congress to join us.
The difference between a dream and a goal is a deadline.    
We've also invested in our education infrastructure - wiring them for speed, and creating a classroom environment conducive to learning.
Our decision to invest in our students &amp; teachers is why MD was named #1 schools in the country for 5 straight years by Ed. Week Magazine
That's why this year's budget includes $275m for school construction -- and we've invested $ over 8 yrs.
While other states tried to cut their way out of recession, we made the decision to invest record amounts in public education 
RT @SenatorBarb: Today took to Senate floor leading Democratic women speaking out for  for equal work!   …
RT @NewDEALLeaders: We're excited to announce our next group of NewDEAL Leaders--help us welcome them to the family! 
Read my Huffington Post piece, "Equal Pay Day - Making Maryland Even Better for Women"  
Maryland is tied for the lowest wage gap between our working men and women of any state in the nation. 
Center for American Progresss rates Maryland as best state in the nation for women  I agree.  
 is an excellent opportunity to reflect on our progress making Maryland an even better state for women. 
Wouldn’t have happened w/out your leadership. Thank you MT @RepCummings: Proud of MD for leading the nation and giving Marylanders a raise.
RT @NancyPelosi: Proud to see my native state of Maryland invest in its workers and  to $ Time for Congress to follow Ma…
I hope that decriminalization leads to a greater focus on more serious threats to public safety &amp; the lives of our citizens. 
Decriminalizing possession of marijuana is an acknowledgement of the low priority our courts, prosecutors, &amp; police attach to this issue.
I intend to sign the bill sent to my desk that will decriminalize the possession of small amounts of marijuana. 
RT @mptnews: @GovernorOMalley joins us LIVE tonight for ! Have questions/comments? Tweet @mptnews or email askthegovernor@…
TIL: The last time the President of the United States was in Bladensburg, MD, the British were kicking our tails. 
RT @WhiteHouse: Maryland's Legislature just voted to  to $

RT if you agree we should raise it for all Americans. http:/…
Our General Assembly voted to  in Maryland - it's time Congress does the same for the rest of the country.
The North Star of my administration has always been to strengthen and grow our middle class. Raising the minimum wage moves us forward.
HB295 will  for 450,000 Marylanders, and I commend the General Assembly for their efforts to forge consensus on this issue.
With the State House's vote, both chambers have voted to raise Maryland's minimum wage to $ I will enthusiastically sign this bill
Congratulations to the Maryland Women’s basketball team on an extraordinary season and an exciting tournament run. 
Almost tip-off on ESPN. Let’s go Terps! @umdwbb 
Good luck to Maryland women’s hoops team in their Final Four game against Notre Dame. Tweet your support to @umdwbb 
The MD Senate voted today to  to $ for more than 450k MD residents. Now its up to the House to send this bill to my desk.
We’ve made the choice to grow our middle class by expanding access to high-quality education for MD families - and we’ve seen better results
Earlier today the House of Delegates voted to pass expanded Pre-K in Maryland. I look forward to signing the bill.
Happy to meet with the Maryland 4A men’s basketball state champions from Dr. Henry A. Wise Jr. High School. 
.@ltgovbrown and I presiding over a cabinet meeting this morning. Discussed the legislative session, budget, &amp; more 
Let's thank MDs legislature for their work to keep families safer - leave a message here and spread the word 
Pleased the MD House of Delegates passed SB337, part of my comprehensive package combat domestic violence. I look forward to signing it.
Great to join you @UMUC @UMBC! Let's do it again sometime soon 
We increased the number of students graduating w/ STEM degrees 37% since 2006.   @UMUC @UMBC 
We're talking live now with students about STEM education &amp; 21st century jobs - on Google Hangouts 
My admin set a goal to drive down infant mortality numbers. People told us not to make the commitment public. We chose a different path.
Since 2007, we've seen a  decrease in infant mortality in MD. Follow our progress on @StateStat 
"Maryland's Data-Driven Approach to Reducing Infant Mortality" 
Excellent advice, great read MT @RedOwlytics: thought you'd like this article abt building our  in  
RT @umdwbb: FINAL FOUR! 
Congratulations to the Maryland women's basketball team (@umdwbb), coach Brenda Frese &amp; her staff on tonight's big win! 
And we're not done yet. You can go to  and enroll if you started before today but didn't complete.
Thanks to the hard work of hundreds of people, MD exceeded our goal and enrolled 295,000+ people during this first open enrollment period.
I'll sign legislation expanding MD’s Wildlands system by 50%, permanently protecting wilderness character of 22k acres of state-owned lands.
MD’s Wildlands are the last remaining untouched landscapes and waterways of their kind. It is our responsibility to preserve these areas.
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
While we're trying to supplement our nearly 1900 delegates' trips to the convention, they're largely self-funding. Help them out if you can.
We have got to cut military spending around the globe and address the true causes of war: poverty, hatred, hopelessness and ignorance.
Let’s be clear: we have an economic model developed by the economic elite to benefit the economic elite. Time for real change.
Today we celebrate 240 years of American independence. Happy 4th of July! 
We shouldn't have to compete against workers in low-wage countries. Instead, we should help those countries develop sustainable economies.
Let's try something radical and practice democracy. Write your Senators &amp; ask them to oppose the Monsanto GMO bill:

The top 1 percent now owns more wealth than the whole of the bottom 99 percent. How has this been accepted for so long?
At a time when huge financial institutions are bigger now than before they were bailed out, we must enact a 21st-century Glass-Steagall Act.
The Party platform drafted in St. Louis is an excellent start but, let us be clear, it's a document that needs to be significantly improved.
RT @GunnelsWarren: The political revolution of 2016 will continue. It cannot and will not fade into the night. On to Orlando. …
The Democratic Party needs to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. 

Write to your Senators and ask them to oppose the GMO labeling bill supported by corporations like Monsanto.

The issue of labeling our food isn’t controversial. The overwhelming majority of Americans favor GMO labeling.
The Dem Party must go on record in opposition to holding a vote on the TPP during the lame-duck session of Congress.

People have a right to know what is in the food they eat and the Senate shouldn't stop states from passing laws that let that happen.
The American people have made it perfectly clear time and time again: climate change is real and we must take bold action to curb it today.
Fossil fuel executives are hell-bent on doing everything in their power to block action and they're doing it by bankrolling elections.
Some corporations have deliberately chosen to put profits ahead of the health of people and our planet. They must be brought to justice.
We must do all we can to ensure Donald Trump does not become president. Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office.
We must move forward with climate justice policies that recognize the public health risks faced by low-income and minority communities.
Some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. In the year 2016. It's a national embarrassment.
Citizens United amounts to legalized bribery – plain and simple.
Public funding of elections increases voter participation and lowers time spent on fundraising, allowing politicians to work on real issues.
Putting a price on carbon via a carbon tax is one of the most cost-effective strategies for quickly fighting climate change.
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven, I'll do all I can to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
The Democratic Platform includes some accomplishments that will begin to move this country in the right direction.

We must ban offshore drilling, stop dirty pipeline projects like the Keystone XL and stop exports of liquefied natural gas and crude oil.
For every dollar invested in energy efficiency, families and businesses can enjoy up to $4 in energy savings.
If this country is about anything, it’s about religious freedom and religious tolerance. We're not going to accept Trump's bigotry.
The Dem Platform includes many important issues but it's missing a big one: opposing the TPP. Sign the petition: 
Queremos un sistema político y económico que trabaje para todos nosotros, no sólo para los multimillonarios.

Let’s be frank, we have a very corrupt campaign finance system that allows Wall Street and billionaires to buy elections. That's gotta end.
Are we able to bring all of our nearly 1,900 delegates to the Democratic convention? Pitch in before midnight.

We still have, despite the gains of the Affordable Care Act, 28 million people with no health insurance. How is that moral?
People are catching on that the ideas that they have are in fact mainstream ideas that millions of others support.

Can you make a contribution towards ensuring we get all of our delegates to the Democratic convention next month?

If we all make our voices heard, we can win the fight against the TPP. Sign our petition and stand with us:  
Trade is a good thing but it has to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair. We must ensure the TPP doesn't come up for a vote. 
We need trade policies that benefit American workers, not just corporate CEOs. Democrats must do all they can to defeat the TPP. 
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities all over this country. 
Tell the DNC: We have gotta strongly oppose bad trade agreements like the TPP in the Party Platform. 

Our job is to do everything we can to rally support for an amendment to the platform in strong opposition to the TPP. 
We've made some great progress in the Democratic Party platform, but more needs to be done. We must defeat the disastrous TPP. 
Tell the DNC Platform Committee to prevent the disastrous TPP trade deal from ever coming up for a vote. 

Today, the wealthiest 62 people on this planet own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population — around  billion people.
That is our greatest danger: becoming used to it and thinking it is normal. It is NOT normal. It is an outrage.
We cannot allow ourselves to become used to the fact that we have tens of thousands of children in this country who are homeless.
Today, thousands of undocumented workers face horrific working conditions and they can't fight back because they have no legal rights.
An important step, but we must aggressively transition from ALL fossil fuels and nuclear to sustainable energy. 
We must make it clear in the Democratic platform that we're opposed to the TPP getting on the floor of the Congress.

But we don't need change based on the demagogy, bigotry and anti-immigrant sentiment that punctuated much of the Leave campaign’s rhetoric.
The global economy is not working for the majority of people in our country and the world. We need real change.
RT @nytopinion: .@BernieSanders: The rejection of globalization that powered Brexit could happen in the   https:…
The Democratic Party needs to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. 
The United States of America should not treat Puerto Rico like a colony. That's not a radical idea.
"Physics is a poor negotiating partner. It does not compromise and it is uninterested in battleground states."

When we talk about the measure of a “great nation,” it’s not the number of billionaires, but how we treat the most vulnerable amongst us.
.@EricKingsonNY is a long-time fighter to protect Social Security. Help him win his primary in New York today: 
RT @GunnelsWarren: We will work with a large grassroots movement in support of an amendment to the Democratic platform to . https:/…
We must end our grotesque level of income and wealth inequality whereby 20 individuals own more wealth than the bottom half of America.
They tell us the only thing we can get is incremental change. We tell them: no thanks. We're thinking big and demanding real change.
This political revolution is not about Bernie Sanders or anybody else. It's about you and millions of voters. You are the revolutionaries.
Every year air pollution is responsible for  million deaths and it's getting worse. We must take bold action NOW.

Help create real change by electing progressives with congressional primaries tomorrow. Call voters in New York: 
What do we want? We want a government of the people, by the people and for the people. 
Today SCOTUS reaffirmed a woman's access to a safe and legal abortion as a constitutional right. A victory for women across America.
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
The American people are angry. But we must not succumb to the bigotry and divisiveness of Donald Trump and others like him.
We must take on the greed and power of corporate America, and create a government and an economy that works for all, not just the 1 percent.
Unfettered free trade has made multi-national corporations more profitable while leading to the loss of millions of good-paying jobs.
We must build upon this great progress and continue the fight for full equality for the LGBTQ community.
On this day last year, the Supreme Court breathed life into the words engraved in the building’s marble pediment: ‘Equal Justice under Law.’
The middle class in the United States has been in decline for 35 years while there has been a huge increase in income and wealth inequality.
We need to create a Democratic Party which fights for working families and not just wealthy campaign contributors.

What the mainstream media has got to understand is that they are far removed from the reality of where many American people are.
Despite what the establishment thinks in talking to each other, it turns out that ordinary Americans want real change.
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on : @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the state of the 2016 race. 
Our job is to pass the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party. 

We need to start engaging in political office at every level – from the school board on up. Well, you  
It's long past time we opened up the military to openly transgender people. Happy to see this step toward equality.

Never lose your sense of outrage.

I don't want you to think you're courageous radicals. You are not. Turns out that our ideas are mainstream and supported by millions people.
I'm disappointed and dismayed that allies of Hillary Clinton beat back Democratic Party platform proposals on trade.

We're not gonna allow the corporate media to define the issues for us. It's up to us to talk about reality in America.
My supporters are smart enough to know that we do not want a bigot to become president of the United States. 
cc: @realDonaldTrump
America needs YOU to run!  
Not only do we need to fix our broken immigration system, we also need to end the rigged economy that's destroying our middle class.
My father’s story, my story, the modern immigrant’s story is the story of America – and it is a story that must be celebrated, not reviled.
This is not about me. It is, and has to be, about us. 
RT @politico:  LIVE: @BernieSanders' "Where We Go From Here” speech 
Today we are spending $80 billion a year locking up  million Americans, disproportionately African-American, Latino, and Native-American.
It is time to stop building jails and invest in the future. Our young people should be working or in school, not rotting in a jail cell.
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight! @BernieSanders is not on the Trump Train. 

Our country needs somebody who brings us together, not divides us up. 

Hispanic women in this country don’t need just 55 cents compared to men – they need the whole damn dollar.
 to Bernie talking about the political revolution and giving power back to the average American in 1990.

This decision reaffirms that our nation is stronger when we create a more diverse and inclusive environment. 
Senate Republicans must stop playing politics and confirm a ninth justice to the Supreme Court.
We cannot let their future, and the future of so many more vulnerable people, fall into the bigoted hands of Donald Trump.
Today's deadlocked immigration ruling means that more than 4 million aspiring Americans will be left waiting for much-needed answers.
Tune in to CBS tonight at 11:35 EDT for Bernie on the @colbertlateshow! 
Join us to hear what comes next for our campaign and our political revolution today in NYC. RSVP:   
We must end the current deportation machine in America. The rounding up of families that happened around Christmas time must end.
My supporters and I want real change in this country. Here’s what we want:

In my view, now is the time to recognize that there is another option to help the people of Puerto Rico, not just austerity. 
We spend $80 billion a year locking up  million Americans, disproportionately African-American, Latino and Native-American. 
Trump's divisive rhetoric is unacceptable and must be rejected. We don’t need a wall and barbed wire; we need to fix our immigration system.
I have seen the sadness of families torn apart by a broken immigration system in the United States. This human suffering has got to end.
RT @NALEO: HAPPENING NOW: Presidential Candidate @BernieSanders at ! More than  million Latinos are expected to vote this N…
RT @DFAaction: State by state, candidates like @EricKingsonNY are working to bring  to Washington.   https://t.…
It is time to expand Social Security, not cut it.

The Republican Party now controls both the governors’ mansions and statehouses in 23 states. That is just unacceptable.
Call voters for @ZephyrTeachout:  
Election days come and go. But political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end. 
RT @scottbix: Thirty-one years ago, @BernieSanders proclaimed "Gay Pride Day" in Burlington. 
.@realDonaldTrump's agenda of tax cuts for the rich, lower wages and divisive, bigoted rhetoric is contrary to everything we stand for.
We must aggressively combat climate change by moving to energy efficiency and sustainable energy and imposing a tax on carbon.
RT @NALEO: Democratic Presidential Candidate @BernieSanders to Address  in Washington   …
This is the energy we need to transform the Democratic Party, take on special interests and transform our country.

The Democratic Party needs a 50-state strategy. We may not win in every state tomorrow but we must provide resources to these states.
Sadly, the current Democratic leadership has turned its back on dozens of states and allowed right-wing politicians to win elections.
We must resist all efforts to cut Social Security. Instead, we've gotta fight to expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.
The greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street has got to end. It's up to us to end it for them.
We must defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership and make certain that it does not get a vote in a lame-duck session of Congress.
From Flint, Michigan to California we have communities unable to drink the polluted water that comes out of their faucets. In the year 2016.
The reality is that today millions of our fellow Americans are working at starvation wages.
Our brave young men and women in the military should not thrown into perpetual warfare in wars we should not be fighting.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. It's time for the United States to implement a single-payer system like Medicare for all.
We must ban fracking if we want to protect our water supply.
It’s not very hard to understand that potential terrorists, criminals and the dangerously mentally ill should not have access to guns.
These proposals are commonsense. It is incomprehensible as to why Republicans would oppose them.   
America has always been a beacon of hope for those fleeing violence and persecution. We cannot turn our backs on refugees. 
Our welcoming nature has been a point of pride for decades: we believe in helping all refugees from around the world. 
We can't allow guns to fall into the hands of people who shouldn't have them and that includes those on the terror watch list.
It's long past time to end the gun show loophole and expand instant background checks.
Today, millions of bright young kids are struggling with suffocating levels of student debt. As a nation we must end that disgrace.
RT @Tim_Canova: I’m Tim Canova and I’m challenging Wasserman Schultz in the Democratic primary for Florida’s 23rd district. AMA!
https://t.…
Why is it that in the richest country on earth we are experiencing the highest level of childhood poverty of almost any major country?
Real change happens when tens of millions of people say “enough is enough” and become engaged in the fight for justice.
Today the 20 wealthiest people own more wealth than the bottom 150 million. We must end this grotesque level of income inequality.
Why is it that our Native American brothers and sisters on some reservations have a life expectancy lower than many third-world countries?
It is a disgrace that hundreds of thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college because their families lack the income.
Happy Fathers Day! 
We must resist efforts to cut Social Security and, in fact, expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.

In many inner cities, kids now stand a greater chance of ending up in jail than ending up with a college degree. That's gotta end.
We must compete effectively in a global economy by making public colleges and universities tuition-free.
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country on earth and move toward real criminal justice reform.
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right and not a privilege.
Current leadership has allowed right-wing politicians to win elections in some states with virtually no opposition. 
We must pass comprehensive immigration reform and provide a path toward citizenship for 11 million undocumented people.
We must ensure that women will no longer make 79 cents on the dollar compared to men and that we fight for pay equity.
We must fight to make certain that women throughout the country have the right to control their own bodies.
Bernie supporters want to run for office in: 
🐦 51% of state house districts 
🐦 69% of state senate districts &amp;
🐦 every  House district.
If we are serious about criminal justice reform, we must remove marijuana from the federal Controlled Substances Act.
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.
As I have said throughout this campaign, the Democratic Party must support raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.
We must ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons, end the gun show loophole and expand instant background checks.
My hope is that when future historians look back on the campaign of 2016 they will say that is where it all began. Thank you 
Please go to my website at  to learn more about how you can effectively run for office. 
We must start engaging at the local and state level in an unprecedented way.  
Fact: Since 2009, some 900 legislative seats have been lost to Republicans in state after state.  
The political revolution means more than fighting for our ideals at the Democratic National Convention and defeating Trump. 
I look forward to working with @HillaryClinton in the coming weeks. 
This campaign is about defeating @realDonaldTrump, the Republican candidate for president.  
This campaign has never been about any single candidate. It is about transforming America. 
Special thanks to the students struggling with loans, seniors on Social Security, workers earning low wages &amp; the unemployed. 
Unprecedented: 
✅  million people donated to our movement 
✅ with over 8 million contributions
✅ at an average of $27.

Something extraordinarily important happened in this campaign – something that I had not anticipated.  
RT @YouTube: [LIVE] @BernieSanders addresses his supporters to discuss the road ahead.  
When we began this campaign nobody thought we were going anywhere. A lot has changed.  
The political revolution must continue into the future.  
Election days come and go. But political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.  
 continues tonight with Bernie Sanders' live online address to his supporters at 8:30 pm ET. 
You should not be able to walk into a gun store and purchase assault weapons. These type of weapons should be banned.
In just a few hours I will speak to my supporters in an online video address. I very much hope that you'll join us:

Over 15 million children in America today are poor — more than 20 percent of all of the kids living in America today.
Almost every country in the world has at least 10 days of paid vacation per year, except the United States.
It is a national disgrace that billionaires are able to heavily influence the political process by making huge contributions.
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. They are overworked, underpaid and under enormous stress.
The future of our political revolution depends on you. Will you join us for a live online, video address? 

This movement is sending a message to the billionaire class: You can’t have it all. This is our country too.
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.
RT @BernieSanders: No president can do it alone. That's why I'm endorsing progressives Rep. @RepMarcyKaptur and Rep. @RickNolanmn.
https://…
RT @DavidFBowen: RSVP to hear Bernie's live video address tomorrow:  &gt;Goal always must be something bigger than your…
We need real reform within the Democratic Party. And that means open primaries.
The idea that in the State of New York 3 million people could not participate in helping select the Democratic nominee is incomprehensible.
The political revolution continues. Join us on Thursday to discuss what's next: 
Thank you to everyone in  who went out to vote and thank you all for your support!
We know that one hateful person committed a heinous crime, not an entire people. To blame an entire religion is nothing less than bigotry.
These types of weapons, without a doubt, should be banned.
The idea that weapons designed to do one thing – kill people by the dozens – should be sold and distributed in our country is absurd.
Vote to help move this country in a different direction. Polls are open until 8 PM. 
We must get rid of superdelegates. The fact that we had 400 superdelegates pledged eight months before the first ballot was cast is absurd.
We have to replace the current DNC leadership. We need someone who vigorously supports bringing people into the political process.
This decision ensures that big corporations will not be able to put a price tag on the free flow of ideas.

RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds press conference in Washington   
We know that one hateful person committed this terrible crime — not an entire people or an entire religion. 

The political revolution continues. Bernie will address supporters on Thursday. Sign up for the live stream: 
Everyone who votes in the  primary will make a difference. Do you have a voting plan today? 
Nevada – send the message today that yes, we are going to move this country in a progressive direction. Go vote.  
RT @Marcy_Kaptur: Thank you @BernieSanders. Honored to fight alongside you against NAFTA, Iraq war, and the Wall Street Bailout.   https://…
Make our country work for everyone, not just a handful of billionaires. Let’s bring it home. Washington,  – go vote. 
My plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. Then we can expand health care and make college free.
RT @LaurenBlanch12: . @BernieSanders stands with faith leaders of Burlington, VT. Event organized by Pride Center of Vermont …
RT @JackNECN: &gt;@BernieSanders tells hometown crowd "one hateful person committed this crime -- not an entire religion."  …
Washington,  – On Tuesday, June 14, you will have the chance to stand up and be heard. 
It is an embarrassment that some politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
No president can do it alone. That's why I'm endorsing progressives Rep. @RepMarcyKaptur and Rep. @RickNolanmn.

Washington, 's primary takes place tomorrow, June 14 – the last one of this presidential nominating process.

It is morally wrong that Washington, 's residents lack voting representation in Congress.

From what is now known, this was a terrorist act by an ISIS sympathizer. That despicable and barbaric organization must be destroyed.
All Americans are horrified, disgusted and saddened by the horrific atrocity in Orlando. Full statement: 
RT @NBCNewsPR: "It's horrific, it's unthinkable," says @BernieSanders on  this morning on @MeetThePress.  
Some of us believe that what God teaches is to not turn our backs on our brothers and our sisters, that essentially we are in this together.
Our economy works for Wall Street because it’s rigged by Wall Street. As long as Washington's bought, our economy won't work for the people.
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman.
We must lead the world in working with China, Russia, India and the international community to break our energy dependence on fossil fuel.
Millions of lives are being wrecked, families are being torn apart and we are spending huge sums of taxpayer money by locking people up.
We must not succumb to bigotry. We must do what we do best as Americans – fight racism, fight xenophobia and fight fear.
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage.
We cannot continue to send our jobs to China and other low-wage countries when millions of Americans need work.
More than one-third of our senior citizens rely on Social Security for virtually all of their income. We must expand benefits, not cut them.
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on : @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper just days after meeting with President Obama. 
We must end the over-incarceration of nonviolent Americans in our country.
Instead of cutting head start and childcare, we need to move to a universal pre-K system for all children. 
RT @GunnelsWarren: I don’t think that we can amend or tinker around the edges with the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We need to kill it. https…
It is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to 12th grade anymore. We need to make public colleges tuition-free.
Our job is to bring the American people together to create a government that works for us, not the 1 percent.
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns in Washington, DC – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN3  
But you all know it is more than Bernie Sanders. It is all of us together. Millions of people from coast to coast coming together.
When millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages, we won't allow 57 percent of all new income to go to the top 1 percent.
I'm horrified by yesterday's terrorist attack in Tel Aviv. My thoughts are with the victims' families and all of those harmed.
The American people know that it is not acceptable that the top tenth of 1 percent owns as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Our mission is more than just defeating Trump. It is transforming our country. People want something to vote for rather than just against.
The American people will never support a candidate whose major theme is bigotry. We will not allow Donald Trump to become president.
We will not allow right-wing Republicans to control our government. That is especially true with Donald Trump as the Republican candidate.
Young people understand that they are the future of America, and they intend to help shape that future.
We have won 22 state elections with over 11 million votes and in virtually every state, we've won in big numbers the votes of young people.
When we began this campaign we were considered to be a fringe campaign. Over the last year, I think that has changed just a little bit.
We must always remember that change almost never happens from the top down, it happens from the bottom up.
We are in this TOGETHER. Thank you New Mexico, California, South Dakota, North Dakota, New Jersey and Montana! 
Montana – Thank you all. The struggle continues! 
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders addresses California supporters on primary night  
Thank you to the thousands of supporters who came out to vote for the political revolution in New Jersey today!
Thank you North Dakota! 
You still have time to run to your voting location before polls close. Get out and vote!  
We need your help to win in CA, ND, SD, MT, NJ and NM today! Make calls to voters now: 
North Dakota: today we caucus. Get to your caucus by 7 pm. If there's a large voter turnout, we will win. Join history in the making.
Mis profundas condolencias a la familia Chávez ante el fallecimiento de Helen Chávez, gran líder y defensora de los trabajadores del campo.
My profound condolences to the Chávez family on the passing of Helen Chávez, great leader and activist for farmworker's rights. 
Defy the pundits again and reach for a high voter turnout that'll shock the establishment. Grab your friends and go vote. 
I'm asking you to support strong progressive allies like @EricKingsonNY and @Clem4Congress. Help elect them: 
California: Hoy el establecimiento no podrá ignorar tu voz. Vota por nuestro movimiento. ¿Preguntas? Llámanos. 
California: send the establishment a message they can’t ignore. Vote for our movement. Questions? Call our hotline. 
California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and North Dakota – your turn to vote for the revolution! 
Pundits and the political press wanna call this race early before every person votes. Let's show them we ain't gonna let it happen. Go vote.
California – today you can send a message that this country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires. Go vote. 
Montana: your polls are open. Don't settle for a rigged economy held in place by a corrupt campaign finance system. Vote Bernie! 
New Mexico – your polls are open until 7 PM. Go out and vote for REAL CHANGE, not the same old, same old establishment politics. 
South Dakota and New Jersey – your polls are open. Show the country that it is too late for establishment politics. Please go vote.
California – you vote tomorrow, June 7. Questions or issues? Call or email our hotline. 
CA, MT, NJ, NM, SD and ND: are you ready to vote tomorrow? Find your voting location: 
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and too late for establishment economics. We need real change.
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote tomorrow! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information. 
We must recreate our criminal justice system, but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.
We need bold change in our criminal justice system. A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings.
Ramadan Mubarak to all our Muslim sisters and brothers.
With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment.
California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and North Dakota – you vote tomorrow, June 7. Make a plan: 
RT @brooklynyarn: We've just been added to this event on June 6th in San Francisco! @BernieSanders, @davematthewsbnd &amp; more! …
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
It's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message."
It is more important to rebuild the Flint water system and our school system than to give tax breaks to profitable corporations.
If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? We need to put an end to fracking across our country.
It is time to say enough is enough. It is time to end religious bigotry.

Puerto Rico — ¡Tu voto es tu voz! Si ya estás en el centro de votación, quédate ahí hasta que puedas votar. 
Puerto Rico — llegó tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento. Lleva a tu familia y amigos y asegúrense de votar. 
Hermanas y hermanos en Puerto Rico: sus voces deben ser escuchadas hoy. Salgan a votar. 

RT @CNNSotu: @BernieSanders says Clinton is wrong on fracking: “She thinks we can ‘regulate’ it… she pushed fracking in other ”…
When people have something to vote for rather than just against, progressives and Democrats win.

While California is in a drought, we are injecting 160K gallons of clean water for every fracked well.

RT @KThomasDC: More than 13,500 at @BernieSanders rally outside LA Coliseum. 
"I spent almost half of my life in prison. I was a dreamer. I was 17. My mustache had just grown in." – Chris Wilson

We must do all we can to provide a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million aspiring Americans living in the 

We must protect children fleeing to the  from violence in Central America, not use them to "send a message." 
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders walking streets of Huntington Park. "There's an election on Tuesday. We need your help!" …
I applaud President Obama on his historic support for expanding Social Security. 
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns in Los Angeles - LIVE at 6pm ET on C-SPAN  
RT @clairesandberg: Bernie kicks off canvassing in LA, gives a huge shoutout to the vols who have made over 70 mil calls since Jan! https:/…
We’re in the final stretch. Today’s the day to make sure you’re taking action:  
Progressives and Democrats win elections when people are energized, when they are prepared to stand up and fight to transform America.
RT @cenkuygur: Every vote @BernieSanders gets is vote for the progressive movement and makes that movement  CA would be hug…
My plan to expand Social Security would increase benefits by about $1,300 annually for seniors scraping by on less than $16,000 a year.
RT @kalpenn: Good luck in Tuesday's California Primary, @BernieSanders!  
Volunteer:  …
Our task this weekend is simple: call every single Bernie supporter we can and make sure they have a plan to vote:

Muhammad Ali was the greatest, not only an extraordinary athlete but a man of great courage and humanity.
RT @lacoliseum: Presidential candidate @BernieSanders will speak at the LAMC's Olympic Plaza tomorrow, June 4th.
4 more info visit: https:/…
Through an extraordinary grassroots movement we beat back the effort to cut Social Security. 

Bernie going for the full California experience at In-N-Out! 
Our job is to take on Wall Street, not take their money.
Join Bernie in San Francisco for a GOTV concert featuring special musical guests. RSVP here:  
Last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. Join us for a trip down memory lane.

RT @nbcbayarea: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders to speak at rally in Fairfield  
Republicans hate the government – unless you’re a woman. Then they love the government dictating what you can do with your own body.
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone.

RT @CNNSotu: Sunday on : @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the state of the race ahead of Tuesday's contests. …
En una noche cualquiera, casi 565,000 personas no tienen hogar en Estados Unidos. Esa es una vergüenza nacional.
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities, including in the training academies and leadership.
The American people overwhelmingly tell us they want to expand Social Security. With your support, that’s exactly what we’re going to do.
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line. Someone with judgement.

RT @sahilkapur: New: Obama’s Call to Expand Social Security Shows Sanders’ Clout 
@ErikaAndiola I’ll be in Fairfield and Santa Rosa today, Viviana. Hope to see you there!
I have to say that I am delighted that Sec. Clinton month after month seems to be adopting more of the positions that we have advocated.
We must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.
RT @ReutersBiz: Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners  
The last 5 years in California have been the driest on record forcing Modesto, CA to reduce its water consumption by more than 30 percent.
Desde 2007, Puerto Rico ha perdido casi 300,000 empleos, resultando en una reducción del 30% en su fuerza laboral.
What happens if we don't act boldly to combat climate change? The CIA says that a warming planet will increase international instability.
I will make it a priority that the United States lead the world in combatting climate change. That's what we need: leadership on this issue.
Call voters in California, New Jersey and New Mexico and help get Bernie supporters to the polls Tuesday! 
If we do not boldly transform our energy system, it will mean even more drought, and the last thing that California needs is more drought.
This is the story of Chris Wilson, and his path back into society.

Climate change is a global crisis. We've got to move in a bold way to transform our energy system. Live press conf.: 
Climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and it's already causing devastating problems in the  and around the world.
RT @UnivisionPR: Bernie Sanders propone ayuda de  millones y referéndum para Puerto Rico 
Unlike Donald Trump, Californians understand better than anyone that climate change is real because they see it with their own eyes.
When we talk about our responsibilities as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving our planet healthy for our children.
While Congress has not been able to end the greed of Big Pharma, the people of CA can by voting for the California Drug Price Relief Act.
RT @ozomatli:   @berniesanders 
Since 1998, Big Pharma has spent more than $3 billion on lobbying. Over $1 billion more than the insurance industry which came in 2nd place.
Let me be as clear as I can be: if I am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking. We must .
It’s laughable that Trump now says he’s going to turn the GOP into a “worker’s party.” How about you start by not trying to rip them off?
As president, I'd make sure everyone can get a college education regardless of income and I'd work hard to shut down these predatory scams.
Trump's latest scam demonstrates why we need free tuition at public universities. Higher education should be a right.
The state of Vermont was the first state to end fracking and if I have anything to say about it, we're gonna end it in the other 49 as well.
If Trump gave a damn about people who are working hard to get by, why would he found this fake scam university?
Ha llegado la hora de descolonizar a Puerto Rico

This month we celebrate the right to love one another regardless of gender and the fight for equality for LGBT people. Happy !
In the Senate, I worked with Sen. Boxer to end extraction of ALL fossil fuels on public lands. We cannot put California’s beaches at risk.
Offshore fracking has the potential to pollute the ocean with toxic fluid, hurt the environment, and harm our beaches. Unacceptable.
Hillary Clinton worked to export fracking throughout the world to reward companies like Chevron and Halliburton. That is unacceptable.
RT @ABCPolitics: LIVE: @BernieSanders talks with Asian-American and Pacific Islander leaders in Palo Alto, CA  https…
Sec. Clinton does not support a ban on fracking. Instead, she would simply impose a few more regulations on it. Not good enough.
We need to implement a nationwide ban on fracking – period. And, that’s exactly what I will fight for as president.
We need to put an end to fracking all over this country. Tune in to our press conference on fracking: 
If I am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking.

Secretary Clinton and I have differences of opinion on many issues. In no area are our differences stronger than fracking.
When we pass Medicare for all, everyone will have the freedom to go to the doctor when they need to without worrying about going bankrupt.
You know what was called “socialized medicine” in 1965? Medicare. Now widely regarded one of the best government programs ever established.
Join Bernie tomorrow for a rally in Palo Alto, CA with guests Rep. Tulsi Gabbard and Emily Ratajkowski. RSVP here: 
RT @maryaliceparks: 7 days until California votes! I'm at @BernieSanders' 2nd rally today in Monterey. It's a gorgeous night. Live here-htt…
These are people adding their contributions before today's final FEC deadline. Chip in:  
I do think that we can fulfill the legacy of presidents , Truman, and  and guarantee health care for all people as a right.
Every day, the corporate-controlled media and the political establishment tell us: think small. Well, you know what? We're gonna think big.
It makes no sense to continue to spend far more per capita than do the people of any other nation on health care and get far worse outcomes.
How does it happen that the United States is the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people as a right?
The Affordable Care Act, which I helped write, has done some good things. But even with those improvements, we have got to do more.
Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline of the primary. Will you chip in? 
RT @JaneKim: Getting ready for my AMA today at 11am! Come and join the conversation   
Today 60 million people are still uninsured or underinsured. Watch Bernie discuss our health care crisis LIVE here:

Last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. Join us for a trip down memory lane. 
We must enlist farmers as partners in promoting conservation and stewardship to keep our air and water clean and to combat climate change.
Last week, Golden State was down three games to one. Tonight, they finished off a great comeback in California. I like comebacks.
It’s coming down to the wire! Excited to see how this one ends. 
RT @LateNightSeth: Don’t miss tonight’s  with @BernieSanders, @TheSavionGlover and music from @brandicarlile! 
The growing body of evidence tells us that fracking is a danger to our water supply – our most precious resource. 
It is unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies, while the bottom 62% do not receive any subsidies.
RT @LaOpinionLA: Bernie Sanders acabará con deportaciones que desgarran a nuestras familias  
The situation in Flint is a tragedy. All over this country our infrastructure is collapsing, including in the Central Valley here in CA.
We must never take lightly the decision to send our sons and daughters to battle, and it must always be the last resort.
Our men and women in uniform take an oath to defend our Constitution and many have made the ultimate sacrifice for it.
Today we honor all of the service members who sacrificed their lives for our great country. 
We must end inhumane deportation programs and racial profiling that have turned local law enforcement officials into immigration officers.
Private, for-profit detention centers are making record breaking profits every year locking people up and holding immigrants in detention.
We must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.
RT @AlPunto:  @BernieSanders dice que su candidatura es la mejor opción para enfrentarse a Trump 
California, every vote counts. It's time to take back our democracy from the political establishment on June 7.

We're within striking distance of a victory in California on June 7. Help us win by making calls to voters: 
While California is in a serious drought, we are injecting 160K gallons of clean water, on average, into the ground for every fracked well.
91 percent of the people who live within a quarter mile of an oil or gas well in Los Angeles are people of color.

Too many farmworkers today aren’t getting the work breaks they need and in some instances they're having their wages stolen by employers.
Looks like Bakersfield is ready for a political revolution!

If the American people become more engaged in the political process, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.
RT @nprpolitics: Be Like Bernie: Sanders Looks To Spread His Political Wealth 
Special interest donors are many things – dummies they are not. They know exactly who and what they want to influence.
RT @AlPunto: ¡Vamos Al Punto! Comenzamos con la entrevista de @LeonKrauze con @BernieSanders 
If we win California, it'll be because there is a large voter turnout. We are striking a nerve, and more people are getting involved.
I am blown away by the fact that since we began this campaign one year ago we have received over 8 million individual contributions.
Demanding that the wealthy and the powerful start paying their fair share of taxes – that’s exactly what the American people want.
There is no reason why women are making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men. Women want the whole damn dollar and they're right!
Sólo un candidato está dispuesto a defender a Puerto Rico y enfrentar a Wall Street.

RT @DannyEFreeman: It appears this @BernieSanders Santa Barbara rally remembered the candidate's wedding anniversary. …
Happy anniversary, @JaneOSanders! 
We need to invest in help for people with substance abuse problems so that they end up in treatment, not prison.
RT @RealTimers: You can always count on @BernieSanders for some . He's back for his 11th  appearance tonight @ 10! https:…
The fact of the matter is that senior citizens are struggling to pay for their medication while Big Pharma is making billions in profits.
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
Here's a radical idea: If you work 40 hours a week, you should not be living in poverty.
We need to elect leaders who share our values. Split a contribution with @RussFeingold and our campaign: 
If you want a campaign that can defeat Trump and defeat him badly, we are that campaign.
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a rally in San Pedro, California  
RT @RevoltTV: .@BernieSanders discussed issues such as Student Debt &amp; more during 'A Social Conversation With Bernie'

https://…
Add your name if you want to see a  on the major issues before California's primary on June 7. 

We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
The middle class should not be subsidizing the wealthiest family in America just because the Waltons are too cheap to pay a living wage!
If current trends continue, one in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is a tragedy.
America is not supposed to be a country where the top 1 percent owns almost as much as the bottom 99 percent.
We're taking the political revolution to Pomona, CA today. Doors open at 4:30 PM. RSVP here:  
RT @JeffDSachs: Why Bernie Sanders easily wins the policy debate! 
RT @FOXLA: Vermont Sen. @BernieSanders speaks at campaign rally at Ventura College. WATCH LIVE: 
I am delighted that @realDonaldTrump has agreed to debate. Let’s do it in the biggest stadium possible.
We have got to end corporate prisons and detention centers. It is a perverse incentive to make more money by locking up more Americans.
Tune in LIVE to a conversation with Bernie and @RevoltTV happening now: 
RT @iamdiddy: Tune in today at 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET for A Social Conversation w/ @BernieSanders @VoteAmericaNow &amp; @RevoltTV!! …
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders fundraises for progressive  Senate candidate Russ Feingold ⏩  by @aterkel  https…
Today I am proud to endorse my friend @RussFeingold for  Senate. Join me in supporting progressive Democrats: 
RT @RevoltTV: Tune in today at 1:30p ET/10:30a PT for A Social Conversation w/ @BernieSanders! Don't miss out!  …
Say you support preventing the worst effects of climate change through the Keep it in the Ground Act. Add your name: 
Our message to Wall Street is simple: you cannot have it all! This country belongs to all of us, not just the wealthy and special interests.
RT @sfchronicle: Editorial:  breaks a  promise.  
Game on. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.
The California Drug Price Relief Act would lower prices for AIDS treatments. Let's stand up to Big Pharma.

RT @MarkRuffalo: Just 1 of the many reasons why I . @BernieSanders is 100% the real deal   https…
A rigged economy is when the top 1/10 of 1 percent owns as much as the bottom 90 percent.
Bernie just endorsed eight progressives for state legislatures across the country. Say you support them too: 
RT @serjtankian: New article I did w/@RollingStone about @BernieSanders &amp; the American political  vote in upcoming primaries https…
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders is actually outpolling @HillaryClinton is multiple head-to-head match-ups with Donald Trump
…
Donald Trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.
A rigged economy is when the twenty wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans.
Saddened to hear about the passing of our NH Steering Committee member Marcia Moody. Rest in peace. 
Partner with @JeffMerkley and me to fight climate change by supporting the Keep It in the Ground Act. 
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe in Rally in Cathedral City here:  
RT @GunnelsWarren: If the Fed can bail out huge Wall Street banks, it can alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. …
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
The struggle for equality continues today in America. I am proud to stand as an ally of the LGBT community.

RT @georgelopez: 
It is insulting to the people of California that Sec. Clinton is not willing to debate and address the major crises that this country faces.
If we are truly serious about leaving a planet that is habitable for our grandchildren, we must !

Thousands have come out to our rally in San Bernardino tonight. Tune in LIVE here:  
Young people are figuring out that they are the future of this country, and they damn well want to help shape the future of this country.
RT @KThomasDC: "I appreciate people saying Bernie Bernie Bernie  It ain't Bernie Bernie Bernie. It's You You You." _ @BernieSanders
California, it’s a long way to Washington, but you can send a message they can’t ignore. Vote for Bernie on June 7.

Bernie is taking the political revolution to the Inland Empire. Tune in to Bernie LIVE in Riverside:  
RT @JaneKim: Thank you @BernieSanders for endorsing my campaign for CA state senate!  
 …
The political revolution isn't just the presidency. Say you support real progressives up and down the ballot:

The time is long overdue to ensure that all workers in this country have access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time.
Virtually every poll taken in the last two months has me doing better against Trump than Hillary Clinton. 

I am endorsing eight progressive candidates for state legislatures across this country. Chip in to help elect them: 
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding.

What I saw at the US-Mexico border was the fact that you've got children on one side and their mothers on the other. That's wrong.
What I beg of you is to think big, not small. We can end the tragedy that is 29 million Americans living without health insurance.
When children come from war-torn countries in Central America, our job is to give them freedom and security here in the United States.
California – there isn't much time to register to vote for Bernie! Only a few hours left. Register here right now: 
RT @mrdannyglover: California voters have a few hours left! The deadline for CA Voter Registration is 11:59PM TONIGHT! 
https:/…
I am disappointed but not surprised by Secretary Clinton’s unwillingness to debate before the largest primary. 

Only a FEW HOURS LEFT to register to vote for Bernie in California on June 7th! Register now: 
South Dakotans: you must be registered as a Democrat or independent TODAY to vote for Bernie! Register here: 
Tune in LIVE as Bernie takes the political revolution to East Los Angeles:  
If anyone thinks that Bernie alone will be able to take on the powerful interests, you are mistaken. We are in this together! 
RT @LaOpinionLA: .@BernieSanders con deportados en la valla fronteriza, intensifica campaña en California  https://t…
Everybody knows that we are living in a competitive global economy. So why are we punishing our people for getting a college education?
California – to vote for Bernie on June 7th you must be registered by TODAY! Register right now: 
You are the reason that we are the best campaign to defeat Trump. It’s your energy, excitement, and grassroots activism making it possible.
Corporate media wants you to think small, to think that we cannot provide education and healthcare for all. I strongly disagree!
We're gonna tell the billionaire class that they are not gonna get more tax breaks while Americans struggle to buy bread for their families!
RT @cenkuygur: When my kids ask, "Where were you daddy during the ?" I'll get to say I was standing next to @SenSanders…
Too many Americans are worried about how they are going to pay for the gas to get to work. People are struggling. People are hurting.
Shop the limited edition poster collection at the Bernie Store today!

It is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to 12th grade anymore. We need to make public colleges tuition-free.
California – if you want to vote for Bernie in June, you have to register by Tomorrow. Do it now:  
Together, we're going to end our current deportation policies. Our approach to immigration should be to unite families, not divide families.
We need representatives who know we cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. Support @Tim_Canova:

We are in this together, brothers and sisters! 

When people don’t come out to vote, Republicans win. When people stand up and turn out to vote in large numbers, Democrats win.
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders asks superdelegates to consider which candidate could best defeat Donald Trump.  …
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders endorses opponent of Rep. Wasserman Schultz and says if he is elected president he will not re-appoint her as…
RT @CNNSotu: Sanders: "There’s something absurd when I get 46% of the delegates that come from real contests, real elections &amp; 7% of super…
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders: "what the Dem leadership has got to understand is that not all of my supporters go to these fancy fundraising…
Substance abuse – alcoholism or drug abuse – is not a criminal issue, it is a health issue. We must understand this as a nation.
Bernie at Friendship Park, a meeting place for separated families between the  and Mexico. 
The fossil fuel industry tells us that we cannot move aggressively to combat climate change. But that is precisely what we will do.
We all agree that Donald Trump would be a disaster for this country. He must be defeated, and I am the strongest candidate to do that.
Democracy is not a complicated process. It is one person, one vote. Not billionaires buying elections.

As of today, we have now had victories in 20 states, and with your help on June 7, we’re gonna win New Mexico too! 
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on : @jaketapper will interview @BernieSanders on the upcoming primary contests and more. …
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders campaigns in New Mexico  
Nearly all the polls agree: If you want a Democrat who's gonna defeat Trump in November, you're looking at him. 
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.
Tuition-free public college is not a radical idea. It exists all over the world in places like Germany and Mexico.
Sólo el pueblo boricua tiene el derecho a decidir el futuro de Puerto Rico, no los multimillonarios de Wall Street. 
We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the people of Puerto Rico with the respect and dignity that they deserve.
We cannot allow an unelected control board handpicked by Republicans to determine the fate of Puerto Rico! 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.
Teachers are doing the most important work in America. They deserve to have recognition, respect and better pay.
The revolution starts by getting millions of people involved in our movement. Text your friends with our new app: 
The only way change takes place is when people come together, stand up and fight back to say that the status quo is unacceptable.
RT @drew_mc: We're highlighting how @BernieSanders is powering the political revolution. Truly inspiring campaign! 
It's strange and undemocratic that 450 superdelegates backed Clinton even before we got into the race. ICYMI: 

We have got to tell corporate America that if they want us to buy their products, they damn well better manufacture them in America.
We need a living wage of $15 an hour, so that if you’re working 40 hours a week you are living with security and dignity.
Nationally, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. $80 billion a year locking up  million people.
If everyone who supports Bernie puts in an hour to call Californians, we'll have a huge impact. Sign up for a shift: 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton’s Comments 
It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.
California – if you want to vote for the political revolution, you have gotta register by Monday. Do it right now: 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick because politicians won't challenge the drug lobby.
Our country should be investing in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.
As president, I will end the subsidies that benefit fossil fuel companies. It is absurd to provide taxpayer money to pad the industry.
RT @DannyEFreeman: Check out this @BernieSanders Vallejo, CA crowd. People still filing in through the metal detectors. …
Tune in live to , California here: 
Thank you to my brothers and sisters at UNITE HERE! and SEIU in San Francisco for standing against corporate greed!

Kentucky, thank you for the tremendous support that led to last night's virtual tie! We are in this until the last ballot is counted.
RT @ElizLanders: .@BernieSanders just stopped by the UNITE LIVE Local 2, janitors' union, SEIU Local 87 protest in downtown SF …
The new overtime rules are a good step forward for millions of workers who have gone too long without a raise.

Washington rescató a Goldman Sachs y a Wall St de su bancarrota. El Pueblo de Puerto Rico es más importante que ellos. Debemos actuar YA.
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders rallies California supporters 
I will be damned if we let the Republican Party win the working class.

I have been attacked for saying this, so let me say it again: I believe health care is a right, not a privilege.
A historic moment for the United States as the first openly-gay leader of any  military service. Congratulations, @SECARMY Eric Fanning.
This is the beginning of the final push to win California. Make sure you're ready to vote for Bernie:  
I’ve said it since day one: I can’t do this alone. This campaign isn’t about me. This campaign is about us. 
The Democratic Party has to make an important decision and I say to them: Open the doors. Let the people in!

Oregon, together we are taking on virtually all of the Democratic establishment. Thank you for the strong victory! 
Tune in LIVE as we bring the political revolution to Southern California:  
We must stand with our LGBTQ brothers and sisters and end all forms of discrimination. It's simple: we are all in this together. 
En las últimas décadas ha habido una gran redistribución de riqueza en Estados Unidos. Desgraciadamente, ha sido en la dirección equivocada.
Oregon – the single most important thing you can do today is return your ballot. Find your drop box location: 

We need your help today to win in Oregon and Kentucky today! Make calls to voters now: 
We must recommit to fulfilling the promise of Brown and work to ensure that every child regardless of race has access to quality education.
That number was 2,762 in 1988. We must do more to ensure that our schools are racially and economically diverse. 
There are 6,727 highly-segregated schools in our nation, where one percent or less of the school population is white. 
ICYMI: How to provide Medicare for all

Kentucky — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. 
Kentucky and Oregon – today is your day to make sure you've voted for our movement. Head to your polling location or drop box and vote.
RT @AP_Politics: Sanders blasts 'vulture' hedge funds for demanding austerity measures on the island. 
RT @AP_Noticias: Critica @BernieSanders en Puerto Rico a "fondos buitre".  
All over this country, Native Americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. They deserve a voice.

Oregon – remember to return your ballot at the nearest drop box by 8  tomorrow.  
Oscar Lopez Rivera has served 34 years in prison for his commitment to Puerto Rico's independence. I say to President Obama: let him out.
Firma mi petición: La Reserva Federal debe poner al pueblo boricua por encima de los intereses de Wall Street: 
What vulture funds on Wall Street are demanding is that Puerto Rico fire teachers and cut pensions so that they can reap huge profits.
The future of Puerto Rico cannot be hijacked unjustly by vulture funds. Read my full remarks from San Juan here: 

RT @StandupforPR: Thank you @BernieSanders for reiterating the demand for Federal  to help PR!  https:…
Children in Puerto Rico will not go hungry to make billionaires even wealthier. It is time for the Fed to act.

RT @GunnelsWarren: Bernie in Puerto Rico: If the Federal Reserve could bail out Wall Street, it can help the  million American citizens…
RT @julito77: "Austerity will not solve this crisis." @BernieSanders live in  right now 
Tune in for our San Juan, Puerto Rico town hall LIVE here.

Estamos EN VIVO desde San Juan aquí: 
RT @politico: Poll: Majority supports Sanders-like health care plan  | AP Photo 
We deserve better than to be ripped off by Big Pharma. I urge Clinton and Trump to join me and support Californians. 
We need to expand, not eliminate, the collective bargaining rights of all Americans. When unions are strong, the middle class is strong.
The extreme right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. That is a war they cannot be allowed to win.
Companies should not be allowed to make a profit by keeping more Americans behind bars. We must end the for-profit prison racket in America.
While Republicans and the Koch brothers may not like it, we are going to make it easier, not harder, for American workers to form a union.
RT @AJENews: Polls: Bernie Sanders has more potential than Hillary Clinton to beat Trump  
To win this campaign, all of us must be deeply involved. Our movement needs people like you to help it succeed.

Americans living with HIV/AIDS should not live in fear of going bankrupt because of the outrageously high cost of their prescription drugs.
We must address the crisis of homelessness. If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure everyone has a safe and secure place to live.
Here's the problem with a rigged economy – We make it, they take it. 
Oregon – turn in your ballot for Bernie at the nearest dropbox by 8  on Tuesday, May 17.

RT @DannyEFreeman: .@BernieSanders begins his train-side Kentucky rally by railing against Gov Matt Bevin and Sen Mitch McConnell. https://…
Watch Bernie challenge Mitch McConnell to support legislation to save pension funds for 90,000 retired coal miners.

Ask President Obama to use his executive authority to halt plans for raids and deportations of women and children: 
Debemos acabar con sentencias mínimas obligatorias. Demasiadas vidas han sido destruidas a causa de crímenes no-violentos.
Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
 

.@MarkRuffalo and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn, New York and talked about what it was like growing up there.

It is extremely sad that the United States, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Oregon – turn in your ballot for Bernie at the nearest dropbox by 8  on Tuesday, May 17.

As president, I will change the rules to stop hedge fund managers from paying a lower tax rate than nurses.

Spills like this one aren't rare. That's why we need to ban offshore drilling and . 
I've got some bad news for Trump: If I am the Democratic nominee, I'm going to defeat him, and I will defeat him by very large margins.
Nada me gustaría más que enfrentar y vencer a Donald Trump, alguien que jamás debe ser presidente de este país. 
We owe a great debt to the Native American community. If elected president we will keep those promises.

Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote.

RT @SoDakDems: Thank you @BernieSanders for the wonderful rallies across South Dakota today! 
I urge @POTUS to use his executive authority to protect families by extending Temporary Protective Status to those who fled Central America.
The truth is that no president alone can do what it takes to rebuild the middle class. We need a political revolution of millions of people.
RT @janeosanders: STOP deportations. PROTECT families who fled the violence in Central America. EXTEND Temporary Protective Status. https:/…
Virtually every poll has us way ahead of Trump. If you want the strongest Democrat to beat him, that's Bernie.

Instead of gutting the ACA, we must expand on the improvements that it has made and guarantee health care for all.

At a time when over half of all older workers have no retirement savings, we’re going to expand Social Security.
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free and pay for that by imposing a speculation tax on Wall Street.
RT @MSNBC: Live Now: @BernieSanders  holds a campaign rally in Billings, Montana  
Workers are telling us that they cannot make it by on $7, $10 or $12 an hour. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15.
Not only do we get a lot of the Democratic votes, we get a lot of the Independent votes. Our campaign is best suited to beat Donald Trump.
At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, the wealthiest people in this country are gonna start paying their fair share of taxes.
The California primary is just around the corner. Now's the time to register to vote or update your registration.

Oregon – you're in the voting period for the Democratic primary. Have you turned in your ballot for Bernie?

For months, Bernie has out-polled Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump, and often by extraordinarily large margins. 
We must break up too-big-to-fail banks, restore Glass-Steagall, and demand that Wall Street invests in the job-creating productive economy.
Thank you to the people of West Virginia for the tremendous victory they gave us today. 
We need to make sure that every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
West Virginia: you still have time to go vote! Text WV to 82623 to find your voting location or visit 
RT @bpolitics: Sanders: Clinton’s Medicare Buy-In Proposal ‘Not Good Enough’ 
Polling continues to be clear: Bernie is the strongest candidate to beat Trump. 
The American people understand that bringing people together will always trump dividing us up.

West Virginia – the single most important thing you can do today is go vote!  
RT @AIDSHealthcare: BREAKING: @BernieSanders endorses CA Drug Price Relief Act  
New Mexico – planning on voting for Bernie? Today is the last day to register as a Democrat. Check here to register: 
While Congress has failed to stand up to Big Pharma, the people of California can by supporting this initiative.

RT @PramilaJayapal: I'm Pramila Jayapal, running for Congress in WA-07, and endorsed by Bernie Sanders. Ask Me Anything! …
It’s time to join every other major industrialized nation and create a universal health care system. 
As president, I will set a national goal of ending the HIV epidemic in the  by the year 2025. Read my plan:

West Virginia — the polls are open and it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go vote.
RT @CBSSacramento: WATCH LIVE:  supporters are really getting into it at   https://…
West Virginia: tomorrow is your turn to vote for the political revolution. Make a plan to get to your polling place: 
Looking forward to our rally tonight in Sacramento! See details and RSVP here:  
California – make sure you're registered as a Democrat or request a Democratic ballot to vote for Bernie on June 7!

Transgender discrimination has no place in the world. I will do all I can to overturn this outrageous law. 
Tune in tonight at 11:35pm EST to the @colbertlateshow. 
New Mexico – TOMORROW is the last day to register as a Democrat to vote for the political revolution. Register here: 
West Virginia – send an unmistakable message tomorrow that our revolution demands more than incremental change. 
Thanks to @Frances_Fisher and @Francesca_E for stopping by our Los Angeles HQ to talk about Voter Registration!

Transitioning to a clean energy economy means ensuring that workers have what they need to succeed as well.

Tune in now to watch Bernie bring the political revolution to Atlantic City! 
We’re in the voting period for the Oregon Democratic Primary. Have you turned in your ballot? Have any questions? 
We need to make health care a right for every man, woman, and child through a Medicare-for-All health care system.
We need to expand collective bargaining rights and make it easier for workers across the country to form a union.
Workers who are able to collectively bargain for higher wages and benefits earn substantially more than non-union workers.
Happy Mother's Day to @JaneOSanders! 
I know there is nervousness about Trump being president. Ain’t gonna happen. Join our campaign: 
Debemos acabar con las cárceles con fines de lucro. 
We have gotta ask the media if they think that as a nation, maybe the American people are entitled to hear real discussions on real issues.
Join me for a rally in New Jersey tomorrow. Make sure to RSVP online here:  
Some have touted NAFTA as a job creator recently. 850,000 jobs lost in the United States prove otherwise.
New Mexico: you must be registered to vote as a Democrat by Tuesday, May 10 to vote for Bernie. 
Un multimillonario paga la misma cantidad al Seguro Social que alguien que ganó $118,500 al año. Llegó el momento de cambiar eso.
People fought and died to make sure that all of us have a right to vote. Trump's remarks asking West Virginians not to vote are disgraceful.
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.
If you want to stop Trump, vote Bernie. 
We must protect and defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion.
Our Women's Weekend of Action in California is coming up! Host a canvass in your neighborhood:  
How can you say you're going to stand up for working people when you’re courting Jeb Bush's right-wing donors? 
The sad reality is that we have thousands of people who die every year in this country because they can't afford to get to a doctor on time.
Norwegian Air International's attempt to undermine international labor laws is unacceptable.  
The American people are tired of a broken criminal justice system that enables us to have more people in jail than any country on earth.
RT @MSNBC: Tune in to MSNBC tonight at 9pmET to watch @maddow's interview with @BernieSanders! 
We must rewrite the disastrous trade policies enabling corporate America to shut down plants in this country and move to low-wage countries.
Today, 29 million Americans remain without health insurance and even greater numbers are underinsured. We can and must do better.
RT @amnesty: Thank you to all the  who inspire, empower &amp; change our world!  
At a time when every major country on earth guarantees health care to all their people, we should do the same in the United States.
At a time when we need the best-educated workforce in the world, we are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
If we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. 
RT @kendrick38: The one and 🔥  
We must pursue the fight for women’s rights, gay rights and disability rights until the promise of equality is fully realized in America.
RT @Salon: Why did the @nytimes bury Bernie's victory under news of John Kasich? 
We must strengthen the role of unions and the voices of working people on the job. I urge VICE Canada workers to vote for a union voice.
RT @washingtonpost: 2,000 doctors say Bernie Sanders has the right approach to health care 
We've got to fight for trade agreements that protect the interests of American workers, not just large corporations. 
Esta elección no se trata tan sólo de elegir al próximo presidente. Es algo mucho más importante — se trata de transformar a Estados Unidos.
In this country, people should have the right to love each other regardless of their gender.
RT @iammrvandy: @BernieSanders is not just about this election, he's about the future!!
 
We're showing the world that you can run a campaign without being dependent on powerful and wealthy special interests.
RT @Wonkblog: 2,000 doctors say Bernie Sanders has the right approach to health care 
RT @cascamike: .@wvgazettemail: sanders visits mcdowell to discuss poverty, economic issues 
The American people are tired of working longer hours for lower wages and seeing almost all new income going to the top 1 percent.
Our Women's Weekend of Action in California is coming up! Host a canvass in your neighborhood:  
It is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. This is not just a campaign slogan — it’s a reality for our country.
The average life expectancy for a woman in McDowell is 73. Just six hours away, it is 85 years. That's unacceptable and has got to change.
In America today, living in poverty means you are less likely to have access to a doctor, a dentist or a mental health care provider.
We have the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country on earth with almost 22 percent of American children living in poverty.
Far too often, poverty is a death sentence in America. Read my remarks on Poverty in West Virginia here: 

In the United States today, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, 47 million Americans are living in poverty.
RT @NPRinskeep: Read our full talk with @BernieSanders  @MorningEdition @npr
It is our duty, as a country of immigrants, to embrace and protect our undocumented brothers and sisters.

Trump must be stopped, and we're the best campaign to beat him. I am confident I would win.

There is nothing I would like more than to take on and defeat Donald Trump, someone who must never become president of this country.
Together, we're the most powerful force for change in American politics today. Help us call voters in West Virginia:

It is no mystery why Monsanto fights against our right to know about GMOs in food – business is booming for this huge chemical company.
At a time when women workers earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $ billion a year.
Your contribution sends a powerful message that we will continue our fight for progressive values. Chip in $27: 

The political revolution wins in Indiana! Thank you. 
RT @UniPolitica: "Vamos a crear un salario con el que se puede vivir", $15 la hora propone @BernieSanders 
RT @gardengn0me: Indiana – It's not too late to get out and vote for Bernie! Text Indiana to 82623 to find your polling location and head o…
If the minimum wage had kept up with productivity and inflation since 1968, it would be more than $26 an hour today.
RT @shailenewoodley: I just signed this petition, your turn! tell the Clinton Campaign: transfer Victory Fund money to the state parties ht…
Tell the Clinton campaign: transfer "Victory Fund" money to state parties.

Indiana: you vote today! Text Indiana to 82623 to find your voting location or look it up at 
Raising the retirement age to 70 would reduce lifetime Social Security benefits by about 15% and do little to strengthen Social Security.
Social Security has a surplus of more than $ trillion and can pay every single benefit owed to every eligible American for 18 years.
We need your help to do well today! Make calls to get voters out to the polls right now: 
Indiana — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 6 PM.
California: you can VOTE EARLY for Bernie before the June 7th primary. Check your vote-by-mail registration status! 
We need to increase the wages of more than 53 million American workers by raising the minimum wage from a starvation wage to $15 an hour.
RT @MichaelAdams317: Surprisingly, these panos only capture (maybe) 2/3 of crowd at @BernieSanders rally in Downtown Indy  h…
Indiana – you vote tomorrow, May 3. Let's make it the biggest voter turnout in Indiana Democratic primary history. 
What this campaign is showing is that when people stand together we can take on the billionaire class and the candidates they fund.
Sick and tired of large corporations trying to cut social programs while they're shipping millions of jobs abroad.

"You cannot exploit a broken campaign finance system one day and vow to get big money out of politics the next.”

We live in the richest country on earth, but that means nothing to working families when much of that wealth is controlled by so few.
Esta es la verdad: la situación actual es pésima. Necesitamos un cambio transformador. Y no lo vamos a obtener dando pasos marginales.
RT @Pontifex: There is the grave problem of labour, because of the high rate of young adults unemployed, but also for the issue of the dign…
I want to make banking boring again. It shouldn't be about making as much profit as possible by gambling on esoteric financial products.
I want Wall Street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a Wall Street speculation tax.
Banking should be about providing affordable loans to Americans who need to purchase homes and cars, not reckless gambling on Wall Street.
We must say to corporate America loud and clear: you can’t continue sending our jobs to China while millions are looking for work.
Bernie is in South Bend, Indiana for a rally. Tune in live here:  
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins.
We’re less than 2 weeks away from primary day on Tuesday, May 10. Let us know you're committed to voting for Bernie!

We announced the beginning of this campaign a year ago. Tune in as we discuss our success and path forward: 
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries. 
Fair wages and workers rights are at the heart of a just and moral economy, and something we should all strive for every day. Happy .
People shouldn't go without medication just because their elected officials aren’t willing to stand up to the drug industry lobby.
Last year, 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it.
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top 1 percent.
We're working hard to win every possible vote and delegate for Bernie in Indiana. Can we count you in? 

We are sending a clear message to the billionaire class: you can’t continue to get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry.
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
Today is a very important day for our political revolution. Chip in before our midnight FEC deadline here: 
United Technologies — a multi-billion dollar company – wants to move 2,100 American jobs abroad. Stand with workers: 
Together, we have become the largest grassroots campaign in the history of presidential politics. 

I want to thank United @SteelWorkers Local 1999 for endorsing my campaign for president. 
RT @ThisWeekABC: Bernie Sanders announced his presidential candidacy a year ago today:  
RT @steelworkers: "Look around this state &amp; you see towns shattered, plants empty, and you can blame that on trade!" @SenSanders  https:…
Oregon – let’s show the billionaire class that you are committed to winning Oregon for Bernie. 
Indiana – you vote for Bernie this Tuesday, May 3. Sign up for a reminder: 
Since the passage of NAFTA in 1994, Indiana has lost 113,000 good paying manufacturing jobs.

The question you’ve gotta ask yourselves at the polls is: are you gonna stand with the sick and the poor or Big Pharma and Wall Street?
The fracking industry admits what we already knew. Fracking hurts poor communities. We must ban fracking. 
Instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we are going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1 percent.
As president and commander-in-chief, I will defend this nation, but I will do it responsibly.

RT @LatinoUSA: National Poll of Candidates: @realDonaldTrump Has Highest Unfavorables with Latinos, While @BernieSanders Has Lowest https:/…
The Democratic Party has gotta make it clear that they will fight for automatic voter registration for everyone over 18.
Want to help Bernie win? Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Start here: 
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. Time for a change.
New Mexico: remember, you must be registered to vote as a Democrat by Tuesday, May 10 to vote for Bernie. 
Bernie is taking the stage at the Eugene, Oregon Future to Believe In Rally. Tune in live here: 
We don't go around hustling millionaires and billionaires for money. Never have. Never will. We count on you. 

Today we remember those we've lost to unsafe working conditions, and recommit to creating safe workplaces and empowering unions. 
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare-for-all system would guarantee health care as a right.
We need a progressive income tax so we don’t have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses.
This is a movement made of millions of people. This is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. This is about you.
This election is not just about electing a president. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
Bernie is about to take the stage at  at the Bloomington, Indiana rally. Tune in live here: 
In the last few decades there's been a massive redistribution of wealth in the  Unfortunately, it has gone in the wrong direction.
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
In many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. That must change.
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s economic situation.
Let me tell you something: there is nothing we've said in this campaign that is pie-in-the-sky or utopian. Nothing. 
Rhode Island: thank you for turning out and voting for our political revolution! 
PA, RI, CT, MD and DE: you still have time to go vote! Text FIND to 82623 for your voting location and go vote for Bernie.
Today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. Grab a friend and go vote! 
Go vote on this primary day to create a government of the people, by the people and for the people.

Voting for Bernie today in the PA, RI, CT, MD or DE primary today? Use  and share this image! 
If there is a large voter turnout, we will win. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Pennsylvania – go forward and tell the world you are going to lead this country into a political revolution. 
This is a people’s campaign. The most important thing you can do today if you live in PA, RI, CT, MD or DE is vote: 
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
I'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.

PA, RI, CT, MD and DE: you vote today! Don't know where to vote for Bernie? Text FIND to 82623 for your location. 
Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island — today we vote. Get to your voting location and join history in the making.
Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island – you vote tomorrow! Make a plan to vote: 
I don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
This is shameful. The model for media is six-second sound bites and an unwillingness to talk about real issues. 
The energy, intelligence and idealism of young Americans have been the greatest agents for change in this country.

When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Sanders is changing how millennials think about politics, poll shows, via @MaxEhrenfreund   https:…
Loudly and clearly, we must tell the Republicans: no, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
RT @GunnelsWarren: It would make much more sense to finance universal preschool in Philadelphia by raising taxes on the wealthy. https://t.…
It should be the people on top who see an increase in their taxes, not the working people of Philadelphia. 
RT @allinwithchris: .@chrislhayes hosts a town hall with @BernieSanders TONIGHT at 8PM ET. Don't miss it!  
Unbelievably, and grotesquely, the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. Join our movement: 
Brothers and sisters, we are going to change our national priorities. 

Diplomacy and doing everything we can to avoid a war is not weakness. It is intelligence. It is strength.
In 2015, McDonald's CEO saw his pay go up from $ million to nearly $8 million. Yet 15 bucks an hour is too radical for his employees.
Today, the CEOs of the largest corporations in America make over 300 times what typical workers earn. That is not only wrong, it is immoral.
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. We need a Medicare-for-all health care system.

Thanks to everyone who came out for our canvassing kickoff and conversation in Reading today! 
A win for NY, our planet, and our grandchildren. Safe fracking is like clean coal: pure fiction. 

RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders greets supporters on the streets of Providence, Rhode Island. 
It's clear to me that the time it is long overdue to shut down the Berks County Family Detention Center.

I thank the 35,000 members of the United Electrical Workers for their endorsement. 

Money is not free speech. Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.
At a time when so few have so much, and so many have so little, we must reject the foundations of this economy as immoral and unsustainable.
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits, and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries.
Our youth are no longer satisfied with corrupt and broken politics and an economy of stark inequality and injustice.
Oregon – you've only got a few days to register to vote. I'm counting on you! Register here:  
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
All of you are enormously powerful people if you choose to exercise the right to vote. 

RT @WPJohnWagner: ‘Poverty is a death sentence,’ Sanders declares during Baltimore stop 
We need real credit score reform to make the banking and credit industries work for borrowers and not just lenders.
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: At Gettysburg, @BernieSanders says Super PACs not what Lincoln would have envisioned: 
https…
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds rally featuring Danny Glover and Ben Jealous  
Bernie visited the site where President Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous address in 1863.

Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
The sad reality is nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders says it's "time to shut down" Pennsylvania family immigrant detention center  https:…
Housing that is built with government subsidies should remain affordable permanently, not just 10 or 15 years.
On any given night, almost 565,000 people are homeless in the United States. This is a national disgrace.
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are – American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.
The vice president is exactly right. 
Signing the Paris climate deal is an important step but not enough. We must take bold action to fight climate change and enact a carbon tax.
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders makes point of visiting monuments to  troops at # Asks staff for a picture https:/…
The gov't shouldn't be in the business of locking up families. Time to shut down the Berks Family Detention Center. 

Happy ! Let's work together to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
Happy Passover to my sisters and brothers who celebrate!
Verizon wants to cut employees' health benefits, outsource jobs and not pay federal income tax. Support the workers:

This campaign is about having the courage to envision a nation in which we fulfill the potential we know we have. 

We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. We can create a nation where health care is a right for all Americans.
Sec. Clinton and all candidates should not only commit to the idea of universal health care coverage, but show us a plan to get there.
The greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
“I like the idea of saying, ‘We can do much more,’ because we can.” - Vice President @JoeBiden 
Five states vote on Tuesday and we’re setting a huge goal to talk to as many voters as we can. Sign up for a shift:

I condemn Principal LaRaviere’s reassignment and call on Democrats around the country to stand up against Mayor Emanuel’s pettiness.
The only explanation for Chicago Principal Troy LaRaviere's removal appears to be Rahm Emanuel’s unhealthy obsession with taking revenge.
Smile! We're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit yours: 
.@MarkRuffalo and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn, New York and talked about what it was like growing up there.

Connecticut – today is your last chance to register online to vote for Bernie. Please visit  to find out how.
RT @MSNBC: LIVE: @BernieSanders holds "A Future to Believe in" town hall in Scranton, Pennsylvania  …
Maryland – today is the last day to register and early vote in person. Please visit  to find your polling location.
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs. That's just a fact. We are getting ripped off left and right.
Today we have cities and states across America who have made their minimum wage $15 an hour. We must make that national.
Climate change is a planetary crisis. We have to act now, and we have to act boldly.
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
The Bernie store helps fund our political revolution. Get your union-made-in-America merch: 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy.
Nebraska took a big step in the right direction by abolishing civil forfeiture yesterday. I hope other states will begin to follow suit.
What we need today is a candidate who has the track record, the agenda and the guts to stand up to the billionaire class.
I cannot think of an American hero more deserving of this honor than Harriet Tubman.  
Thank you, United Steelworkers Local 1999 for your support. 

In the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can create an economy where nobody who works 40 hours a week lives in poverty.
RT @Salon: How Bernie Sanders inspired an art revolution 
Over the past decade, federal programs that build affordable housing have been decimated. Unacceptable.

Thank you to all those who came out tonight in New York! Onward to five more states voting next week.
RT @Latinos4Bernie: Polls are still open! If you're in line by 9pm STAY IN LINE. Bernie needs you. Hang in there.   ht…
Make a video telling us why you support Bernie, and submit it to be in our the next Bernie ad! 
RT @kendrick38: Polls close at 9 pm ET NY! Still have time!! Get out and vote! 
You still have time to get out and vote in New York! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
One year after Freddie Gray was killed we still have no justice. The chants have only grown louder. It's time we ended police brutality.
New York, it's your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline. 
New York: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
Voting for Bernie today in the NY ? Use  and share this image! 
¿Votaste por Bernie hoy en la Primaria de NY? ¡Escribe  y comparte esta imagen! 
If we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. 
Now is the time to transform America. When people are united there is nothing, nothing, nothing that can stop us.

RT @kartpath: This is a disgrace. Why are we making it so hard for people to participate in democracy?

New York — let's make it clear that the Empire State is part of the political revolution! Go vote. 
RT @BKforBernie: Happy to find @es_snipes words following me while I canvass. 

Fight injustice everywhere.   https:/…
We need your help today to win New York! Make calls to New York voters now: 
Every single vote for Bernie is important. Vote Bernie Sanders today in New York!

RT @janeosanders: Good morning, New York! Don't throw away your shot to get out there and vote!
Help make sure Bernie supporters in New York get out to vote. 
Nueva York — ¡Es tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento! Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar. Las casillas cierran a las 9 PM.
New York: you vote today! Text NY to 82623 to find your voting time and location or look it up at  
New York — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 9 PM.
RT @RitchieTorres: .@BernieSanders is energizing people like never before. I want to be a part of that. 
These attacks continue a cycle of violence that must come to an end and those responsible must face justice.
I condemn the horrific terrorist attack in Jerusalem today. I send my deepest condolences to all of those wounded and their families.
Los actos de amor del Papa Francisco deben inspirar a los estadounidenses a escuchar su llamado y recibir de brazos abiertos a refugiados.
We must increase the minimum wage not only in the United States, but in Haiti and throughout the world. 
RT @mrdannyglover: 50 yrs ago Dr. King was building a beloved community for social justice. I felt that spirit w @BernieSanders tonight htt…
RT @LaurenBlanch12: Final New York rally for @BernieSanders in Long Island City before voters head to polls tomorrow 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders addresses New York supporters in Long Island City:  
RT @Residente: A conversation between Residente and Bernie Sanders. Acá comparto la conversación que tuve con @BernieSanders …
What you'll find in my tax returns is that I made less in one year as a  Senator than Sec. Clinton did in one speech to Wall Street.
From Manhattan, to the Bronx, to Jackson Heights and through Astoria, Bernie's been meeting New Yorkers all day. 
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders walking around in Queens. We hit 10,000 steps four hours ago.  
If we win in New York tomorrow, it’d be the most shocking upset in modern political history. Make a plan to vote. 
On Sunday, I visited Brownsville. I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis.

Después de nuestra visita al Vaticano, el Papa Francisco viajó a Lesbos y nos mostró a todos el significado de la compasión.
RT @MarkRuffalo: Original New Yorker @BernieSanders talks with me about growing up in Brooklyn. Watch:  
RT @mrdannyglover: Bernie and I have long shared a commitment to justice. I couldn't feel prouder to support him as our next president. htt…
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels. 
.@MrDannyGlover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice. I thank him for his support.

I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York.

The president’s immigration actions are good first steps. The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward. 
For 30 years, GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River. We must clean it up and hold GE accountable.

"Bernie is a protester. He's not scared to go up against the criminal justice system." — Erica Garner

How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling?
.@SpikeLee has a message for you (And, yeah, it’s worth sticking around the five minutes ’til the end).

We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness. 
RT @sallykohn: "We can transform this country FOR ALL OF US -- FOR THE BETTER!"

  📷 @TulsiGabbard …
RT @RitchieTorres: Thank you @BernieSanders for touring @NYCHA housing in Brownsville. @anniekarni @TheLastWord 
Whoa! 28,356 came out to Prospect Park, Brooklyn – our largest rally yet. Thank you! 
Thank you @SallyKohn for your support!
Tune in to  live here: 
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world, people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing. 
RT @DannyEFreeman: .@BernieSanders tours public housing in Brownsville, Bklyn. Councilman Ritchie Torres says his visit is "historic." http…
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address. 
We express our condolences and solidarity with the people of Ecuador and Japan as they recover from these devastating earthquakes.
RT @BPEricAdams: I thank @BernieSanders for joining @JumaaneWilliams, @RitchieTorres &amp; I on a tour of Howard Houses in . https:…
.@janeosanders is a soulmate and a sounding board. I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else.

RT @Yamiche: Man in Brooklyn Bridge Park: "It's a beautiful day!" @BernieSanders: "Let's make Tuesday a beautiful day too!" …
I had the opportunity to meet with Pope Francis. It was a real honor for my wife and I to spend some time with him.

We set a very audacious goal for this weekend: 2 million calls into New York. Can you help call voters today? 
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour. Not just in one or two cities, but across the country. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: Come and say aloha today at our  town hall TODAY in    …
It is extremely sad that the United States, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.
New York voters go to the polls on Tuesday. Can we count on your help to call voters for an hour this weekend?

RT @DannyEFreeman: .@BernieSanders stops by a NYC art gallery to view installations depicting himself and his political revolution. https:/…
Medicare for all means no more copays, no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges.
We want you to be part of the next Bernie ad! Make a video about why you're voting for Bernie and submit it here: 

RT @kalpenn: Lots of young peeps volunteering for @BernieSanders today. NY primary is Tuesday, April 19th!  …
New Report: Clinton Raising Money From Lobbyists That Have Represented Walmart, Fossil Fuel Firms And Wall Street

RT @UniNoticias: EXCLUSIVA: @BernieSanders le explica a @Residente qué hacer con la deuda de Puerto Rico:  https://t…
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms.
RT @BenJealous: Montgomery County Feels The Bern!
 
After we left the Vatican this morning, Pope Francis visited Lesbos and showed us all what compassion looks like.
New York: it's our time again to build a future to believe in.

We can win New York, but we’ll need a strong grassroots effort. Let’s reach 2 million calls and : 
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders visita al Papa y agradece su mensaje de moralidad y justicia económica  …
We shouldn't cut the GI bill. Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits.  
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war, and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: Join our veterans and their families, and call on Congress to take action and   
Pope Francis and Sen. Bernie Sanders met at the Vatican on Saturday. 
Health care costs are out of control. Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control.
Innovation and business success should be rewarded. But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support.
New York – you vote on TUESDAY, April 19. Make sure you have a plan. Text NY to 82623 for your polling location. 
We should be encouraging young people to get involved in politics, not disparaging them. This seems to be a pattern. 
Puerto Rico — ¡tienes hasta mañana sábado 16 de abril para registrarte para votar por Bernie! Más info: 
Puerto Rico – you must be registered to vote by TOMORROW, Saturday, April 16 to vote for Bernie! More info: 
Some believe it's ok to take $200,000 an hour from Wall Street, but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much.

Indiana – you can early vote for Bernie today through May 2. Check here for details: 
We’re all in this together. 

I annotated a speech by Pope Francis. Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common.

The Urgency of a Moral Economy: Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus

RT @CasinaPioIV: Senator @BernieSanders on The Urgency of a Moral Economy: Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of  https://…
If we wake up the American people, if we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. New York, vote on April 19!
With your help, we're going to take back our democracy and demand that the government work for us all. 

Millions of people must stand up, fight back and create a government that works for all of us. New York – go vote on Tuesday. Thank you.
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise.  

Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors:
Hillary Clinton – 51%
Bernie Sanders – 3%
$27 a contribution. Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money. THAT IS A PEOPLE’S CAMPAIGN.  
Bernie Sanders outperforms Hillary Clinton in every major poll when tested against Donald Trump. Now that's electability.
Public colleges and universities tuition free? Damn right.
 this segment, please.
Are you watching the ? We only have 5 days left to . Join us: 
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world. That includes BOTH Israel and Palestine, not just one or the other.
If we are going to achieve peace, we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity. 
"I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people." – @HillaryClinton 

Just wanted that one on the record.
Q: Do you support a tax on carbon?

Hillary Clinton: 
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for @HillaryClinton to get her on their side. They donate to her because she is already on their side.
RT @MartinOMalley: Said this in 2012 about @MittRomney's tax returns, I'll say it today: @HillaryClinton should release the Wall Street tra…
Hillary Clinton's plan to address climate change does not go far enough. We need bold changes, not just small steps. 
Hillary Clinton supports fracking. Bernie does not. 
While @HillaryClinton was campaigning for mass incarceration in the crime bill, Bernie spoke against it: 
 
RT @cascamike: sec. clinton says we need to stand up to the gun lobby. 

does that mean standing with them at a high-$ fundraiser? https://…
You can either be for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage or against it. It can’t be both, @HillaryClinton. 
Millions of people are standing up, @HillaryClinton. $12 is not enough.  Let's raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street. There were none. Hillary’s been “looking into it” for 70 days. 
No joke. This is an excerpt from Hillary Clinton’s speech telling Wall Street to “cut it out.” Watch:
 
If there's nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's Wall Street speeches, why not just ? 
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street’s greed, Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out.
You can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you're dependent upon big-money interests. 
Does @HillaryClinton believe money has no influence in politics? Seems to contradict her issues page here: 
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. Plain and simple.
Tune in to the the CNN Brooklyn  right now and watch Bernie campaign like a . 
New York – the entire country will be watching as the results come in on Tuesday. Commit to vote for Bernie today: 
.@RosarioDawson is right: The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day, it's the struggle of a lifetime.

Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit. Full statement: 
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money.

We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
48 hours. 15,000 volunteers. 2 million calls. This weekend we’re going to  Join us: 
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage. 
We’re making progress in Seattle, Los Angeles, San Francisco, California, New York and Oregon.
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take “no” for an answer.
Not too long ago, the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or “pie-in-the-sky.”
I applaud the workers who are today demanding $15 an hour and a union. 
RT @GoodJobsNation: BREAKING: federal contract workers strike!   
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests.
Dr. Song's comment was inappropriate and insensitive. There's no room for language like that in our political discourse.
It’s me, Bernie ‘Brooklyn Born’ Sanders and guess what @TedCruz, I have New York values.   
RT @People4Bernie: We're all in this together.   
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should.
Thank you to the more than 27,000 New Yorkers who came out tonight to join our political revolution. Unbelievable. 
"Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's great to be back!" - Bernie 
RT @Latinos4Bernie: "We have to wake up on April 19th &amp; hold our heads high. We know, if you make it in NY, you make it anywhere!"-@lsarsou…
“The cause is right and the time is NOW.” - @NinaTurner 
Watch live as thousands come out to New York’s Washington Square Park for Bernie:  
RT @brigidbergin: .@BernieSanders rally starts with field director calling on volunteers to door knock this weekend 
RT @PolitiFact: Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton supports and continues "to support fracking."  …
This momentum is incredible – but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's primary. Make a plan: 
RT @danielmarans: 1 in 5 profitable  corporations pays no federal taxes, according to a @USGAO study @berniesanders requested https://t…
RT @nightlyshow: : @BernieSanders joins us! 11:30/10:30c.  
We need strong progressives in Congress like @LucyFlores, @pramilaj and @ZephyrTeachout. Help us elect them: 
Thank you to those on strike today. You're standing up for justice not just for Verizon workers but for millions who don’t have a union.
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore.
I don’t want the support of McAdam, Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class. I welcome their contempt. 
RT @jamieson: .@BernieSanders is no stranger to picket lines. He joined Verizon workers back in 2003, too 
Some politicians send press releases. Bernie shows up on the picket line.  
RT @CWADennis: Thank you @BernieSanders for standing w/ workers!   
RT @TWULocal100: TWU Local 100 feels the Bern, endorses Bernie Sanders for President. 
RT @nytopinion: Jeff Merkley, senator from Oregon, explains why he's endorsing colleague @BernieSanders in an op-ed for the NYT: https://t.…
Today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
Roosevelt battled his era’s elite. He called them “economic royalists.” Bernie calls them the “billionaire class.”

As president, I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people.

How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States?
You can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you are dependent upon big-money interests. 

We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country, but lift living standards throughout the world.
RT @steveaoki: ✌️✌️ @BernieSanders  
Making women travel hundreds of miles, wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace.
For the past 40 years, the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care. That is unacceptable.
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people. They should be in jail. 
RT @ThisWeekABC: WATCH LIVE: Rosario Dawson speaks at @BernieSanders campaign rally in Syracuse, NY  …
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer. Evolving is not good enough. We need leadership.
With a week until the New York primary, I need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. 
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud.

RT @350action: Climate leaders don't frack. As president, will @HillaryClinton ban fracking? 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents. 
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap. 
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men? Shameful. We need pay equity. 
RT @ABC: Bernie Sanders: "We need to put an end to fracking…all over this country."  
Young people all over this country are demanding their voice be heard in determining the future of this country. That's democracy!
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave. 
RT @DannyEFreeman: A jammed packed arena awaits @BernieSanders at SUNY Buffalo. 
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money. Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy. 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy. 
The New York primary is just 8 days away. Make sure you have a plan to get there and make your voice heard: 
It’s wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis. Natural gas isn’t a "bridge fuel,” it’s a fossil fuel.
Fracking pollutes water, degrades air quality and worsens climate change. No amount of regulation can make it safe.

It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide. Sign if you agree: 
Right now, under the Federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin. That's pretty crazy.
We're spending $80 billion a year locking up people, and nobody thinks that that makes sense. Sign if you agree: 
Corporations should not be making profits by imprisoning our sons and daughters. We must put an end to the private prison racket in America.
People should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $50,000, $100,000 or more.
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy. It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans.
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful.
ICYMI: Bernie and the Big Banks — @RBReich, former Secretary of Labor

New York, let's make a little bit of history. Make a plan to vote on Tuesday, April 19: 

RT @LaOpinionLA: Bernie Sanders gana a Clinton en los caucus demócratas de Wyoming  
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable, and will create millions of good jobs.
RT @kronayne: The scene at Bernie Sanders' afternoon rally at Coney Island. 
Climate change is an economic, public health, national security and environmental problem. It is every kind of issue at once.
As president, I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House. Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders: Wyoming is the 8th victory that we have won in the last 9 contests.
"Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor " 
It's clear that the "war on drugs" was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end.
Thank you for your support @RickNolanMN! 
We know that "tough on crime" policies have failed. Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation.
RT @cascamike: "are you prepared to expand benefits for millions of seniors and disabled veterans who need it?" -- @BernieSanders https://t…
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support! 
Watch our new ad featuring footage shot by the people powering this movement: you. 

Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York. We need to do more to address this housing crisis.
"Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration." - @BenJealous 
RT @AdaFreiria: Bernie provides the best plan for Puerto Rico @LuisSepulvedaNY   …
15 dollars an hour everywhere. 
We can’t properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty.
Wyoming — we've won seven out of the last eight caucuses. With your help today, we are going to win here in Wyoming. 
If we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. Wyoming, let’s caucus! 
Wyoming: today you caucus. Get to your caucus location by 9am. If there's a large turnout, we can win. Join history in the making. 
RT @BenJealous: "We have record numbers of teachers packing backpacks of food for children on Fridays" @benjealous …
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders highlights New York roots at Greenpoint, Brooklyn rally in frigid weather  …
That's just a "single issue" where @HillaryClinton and I differ.
In my view, we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand, not weaken, the social safety net.
In 2008, @HillaryClinton said that “welfare should not be an anti-poverty program.” I disagree.
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty. That is unacceptable.
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need.
In 1994, welfare provided a vital safety net to more than 14 million Americans. Today, it only helps  million.
Families LIVING IN POVERTY receiving cash benefits:
1996: 68%
2014: Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011, households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans; 132% for Hispanics; 109% for White Americans.
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from  million to  million.
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people.
Since this legislation was signed into law, families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636,000 to  million.
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster.
Unfortunately, @HillaryClinton supported this bill calling it “a critical first step to reforming our nation’s welfare system.”
I called that bill “an assault on the poor, women and children, minorities, and immigrants.” I believed that then and I believe that now.
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform.

It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage. It was the people telling him what to do. That's how change happens.
We’re in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Tune in live to our rally here:   
RT @paullarocco: .@BernieSanders takes stage in Greenpoint. "One person, one vote, not about the millionaires and " https://…
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class, Congress is going to have to start paying attention.
Bernie’s back in Brooklyn. Watch live here:   
RT @kartpath: .@BernieSanders takes the stage in Flatbush, to chants of "welcome home, Bernie!" 
The problems facing this country now are so serious, are so deep, that the same-old, same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it.
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
RT @TheView: We’re about to : Sen. @BernieSanders joins the ladies NEXT!   
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's dependence on fossil fuels. We've gotta get our act together.
Join Bernie and @SusanSarandon at our Greenpoint Rally today at 3 PM in Brooklyn. RSVP here:  
Bernie is in Brooklyn today! Join us for our Flatbush Rally with @MarkRuffalo at 1 PM! RSVP:  
RT @NYWFP: TODAY: ! 

1pm Flatbush: 

3pm Greenpoint:  

 …
RT @TODAYshow: "I will fight as hard as I can for pay equity for women" -@BernieSanders 
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders on $15 min. wage: When an idea catches fire, when people see justice, it moves very, very quickly https://…
RT @Morning_Joe: NEW: @BernieSanders invited to speak at the Vatican: 'I am a big, big fan of the Pope' 
RT @NBCNewsPR: Coming up at 8am on @TODAYshow: town hall with @BernieSanders live on the plaza. Ask questions with  …
RT @DavidFBowen: Who's feeling the Bern??? This guy! @People4Bernie Unite!  
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements. 
You’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am walking the walk.
RT @ErikaAndiola: Join Senator @BernieSanders and special guests at 8:00pm ET!

1-877-229-8493
Code: 114593

Online: …
As president, I would formally apologize for our country's deplorable practice of slavery.
"We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured." — @PaulYSong 

RT @CBSEveningNews: TONIGHT on CBS Evening News: @BernieSanders sits down with @CharlieRose for a one-on-one interview …
RT @TODAYshow: Tomorrow on TODAY…@BernieSanders joins us for a live town hall on the plaza. Send in your questions w/  https://…
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven, I care about leaving a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet.
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way, we're doing it differently.

I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers. Unions are my family. I have worked with them for my entire life.
RT @PaAFL_CIO: "I grew up in this movement, you are my family." @BernieSanders  
Millions of people are working incredible hours – some with two or three jobs – just trying to care for themselves and their families.
RT @kartpath: “I believe @BernieSanders is a protester. He’s not scared.” — Erica Garner

What Republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I disagree.
The Affordable Care Act, which I voted for and helped write, is a step forward for this country. But we must build on it and go further.
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles. That's an embarrassment.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system in America today, which is not only grossly unfair but also corrupt.
RT @kylieatwood: .@BernieSanders stops by CWA protest in downtown Philly 
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign. 
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals.
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the full promise of equality.
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby.
Corporate greed needs to end. They're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans.
Congratulations to the UConn Huskies for winning another women's NCAA National Basketball Championship.
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out, but we keep winning by large margins. Keep us going: 
Tune in to Bernie’s remarks live from Laramie here: !
RT @MoveOn: Wisconsinites, thank you for supporting progressive values. Stay in line to make your voice heard. Every vote matters. …
Wisconsin, today you sent a strong message: when we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Thank you! 
Your voice matters. Say in line and vote, Wisconsin.  
RT @maryaliceparks: Also in ABC prelim exit poll data - 2X as many Dem voters said theyre excited abt what Sanders would do in office as sa…
Wisconsin: It’s not too late to go out and vote for Bernie. Text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. 
If there is a large voter turnout, we will win. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms. This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction. 
Wisconsin — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 8 PM.
✔️ Doesn’t actually support $15 federal minimum wage.


RT @janeosanders: The first four years of a child's life are the most important and formative. We need to invest in quality child care.
Puerto Rico debe recibir el tiempo necesario para reestructurar su deuda y hacer crecer su economía de forma justa. 
Wisconsin — don't know where to vote for Bernie today? Head to  for your polling location. 
Maryland: the deadline to register to vote is today! Visit  to find out how to join the political revolution.
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @mitchellreports interviews @BernieSanders ahead of today's Wisconsin primary. Tune in to @MSNBC to watch! …
We need your help today to win Wisconsin! Make calls to WI voters now: 
Let's send a strong message today, Wisconsin. Get involved and make change happen. Go vote.

Congratulations to the Villanova Wildcats for winning the men's NCAA National Basketball Championship.
Wisconsin — today we have an opportunity to move our revolution forward. Grab a friend or family member and vote for real change. 
"The major media don’t know how to report on movements." — @RBReich

Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage. 
A victory for workers fighting for collective bargaining rights at Trump's Vegas hotel. Unions make America great.

.@MarkRuffalo is right: the owners of this country want you to give up. I'm asking you not to give up. Get involved.

Martin Luther King, Jr. was one of the great leaders of our history. We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice.
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
As president, I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage.

Not too long ago, they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic. Some said it was ‘pie-in-the-sky.’ NY and CA are just the tipping point.
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders calls for shutting down New York nuclear power plant:  
RT @mcbyrne: UW professor @saragoldrickrab makes the case for @BernieSanders free college plan.  
Today, the Supreme Court helped ensure the equality of one person, one vote. Now, we must continue to fight all forms of voter suppression.
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: The Supreme Court rejected a conservative bid to include only eligible voters in electoral districts https://t.…
We need a new approach to trade in this country — one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations.
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics: we are telling the truth.
Let me be clear: I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic, in the Gulf and in the Atlantic.
RT @lsarsour: Two PROUD Brooklynites who got @BernieSanders back.  Honored to stomp ground with @rosariodawson. …
RT @DannyEFreeman: Introducing @BernieSanders in Madison, WI tonight? Brooklyn Muslim activist, @lsarsour. 
My climate plan will cut  carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050, in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution.
Let's send a very strong message to Gov. Walker that his voter suppression efforts will not work! Vote on April 5.

RT @MehcadBrooks: I'm giving speech/introducing Bernie in  tmw at BMO Harris Bradley Center. Come join us. Doors open at 4.

http…
Join me tomorrow for a  Rally in Milwaukee with @thesummerset, @3OH3 and others!  
RT @saragoldrickrab: Fact: The Pell Grant's purchasing power will continue to erode under Hillary's plan. The poor won't be helped.
I recognize it's a bold peice of legislation. But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren.
I am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the United States Senate.
RT @saragoldrickrab: FACT: Hillary's  plan prioritize private college like those her &amp; Trump's kids attend. Bernie's …
RT @3OH3: We're honored and excited to be playing for @BernieSanders in Milwaukee on Monday!  
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet. I’ve led the opposition to it from the beginning.
RT @saragoldrickrab: Fact: Hillary Clinton's higher ed plan continues to leave undocumented students out of higher ed. Bernie's fully incor…
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world. It’s too late for incremental change. We must act boldly.
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders: Having been an independent "makes my candidacy even stronger"   https://t…
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans.
RT @CNNSotu: This week on  @BernieSanders will talk to @jaketapper ahead of the Wisconsin primary. 
As president, I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history. He's got it backwards.
I say to Scott Walker: if you are afraid of fair and open elections, get out of politics and get another job.
Under Gov. Walker, we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin. Absolutely wrong and unacceptable.
RT @cascamike: "our country's future is brighter under a sanders presidency." 
In 1980, Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent. It's time to extend this cap to every lender in America.
RT @ErikaAndiola: Comunicado de Sanders sobre Crisis de Deuda Puertorriqueña
 via @BernieSanders
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent.
Volunteers and supporters all across the country are powering this political revolution. Thank you.

RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a “Future to Believe In” rally in Wisconsin:  
Wisconsin, make your voice heard by voting this Tuesday, April 5.  
Current status of the Clark County, Nevada credentials committee. 
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County, Nevada Democratic Convention: 
Change cannot take place without political participation.
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.
Wisconsin — you vote on Tuesday, April 5. Join the political revolution!  
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin happening now:  
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier.

This is why we must fight for bold ideas, not half-measures. 
RT @UniPolitica: Así reaccionó el público en  cuando @BernieSanders habló del gobernador del estado Scott Walker.   …
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a campaign rally in Sheboygan, Wisconsin: 
RT @issielapowsky: The  rally proves that even in the social media age, live campaigning still matters most: …
RT @Weezer: Felt the Bern this morning at @GMA. 
Campaign money bundled by fossil fuel lobbyists:
⚬ $ million for @HillaryClinton 
⚬ $0 for @BernieSanders
RT @nowthisnews: NowThis is LIVE on @Facebook from Harlem for a @BernieSanders campaign roundtable about women's issues: …
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders campaign hosting a round table in Harlem with Rosario Dawson, Michelle Alexander and Tessa Thompson. https://t…
Wisconsin — today is the last day for early voting. Please visit  to find your nearest voting location.
As a born and raised New Yorker, I’m very proud. A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation.

RT @MarkRuffalo: .@HillaryClinton Your "safe and responsible" fracking has brought us air and H2o contamination, earthquakes, bomb trains,…
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba. Fifty years of Cold War is enough.
RT @GMA: "Sec. Clinton has taken significant sums of money from the fossil fuel industry." -@BernieSanders 
I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $ trillion to invade Iraq.
Thank you to everyone who contributed to our campaign in March. You are our political revolution.
RT @TheBradMielke: These numbers are crazy. After a record-setting February, the @BernieSanders camp announces even more money raised in Ma…
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight! Wheel in the sky keeps on Bernin’… 

“The truth is that @HillaryClinton has relied heavily on funds from oil, gas and coal industry lobbyists."

Last chance to get your  sticker! Grab yours here:  
They never thought we could do it. We're on track to raise $ million. Chip in here:  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders appears on Colbert's "Late Show" tonight as "The Wheel of News Mystery Guest." 
RT @BenJealous: New Poll: @BernieSanders Up 11 Points Over HRC With Black Voters in Wisconsin!   https:/…
"The average contribution to our campaign is $27.” 
Make yours before tonight’s deadline here: 
"I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets. We must end childhood poverty." 
RT @mjbeckel: Portion of campaign $$ from donors who have given legal max:
@HillaryClinton: 51%
@BernieSanders: 3%
…
"I am very proud to have been born in New York City!”  
RT @onearmedmaninc: Big cheers as Residente condemns US support for Latin American dictatorship, and boos for Henry Kissinger. …
RT @NYWFP: .@SpikeLee: "Bernie has to win NY!"     
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson, Harry Belafonte, Spike Lee and Residente. Tune in LIVE:
 
RT @clairesandberg: .@HillaryClinton comes out in support of a ban on  in NY—about five years later than we needed her to. https:/…
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month. Help us reach our goal before midnight! 
RT @OphirBruck: YUGE crowd waiting for Bernie. And this is the overflow area.   
RT @shailenewoodley: phone banking for ! making calls to  at the moment from sunny LA. volunteer here:  h…
It’s still a long shot, but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal. Contribute before our deadline: 
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
Under my administration, Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.
Get your  sticker with any contribution to our campaign before they're gone:  
"I survived. I became stronger. I have a voice." - Andrea Zekis, Transgender Activist 

The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country. I believe that they will win.  
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a "Future to Believe In" rally in Pittsburgh:  
Hitting our goal of $ million today will shock the establishment and help us win Wisconsin. Chip in: 
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders discusses the impact of trade deals  
We can't have a safe &amp; sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's products are making their profits from Wall Street.
RT @MSNBC: NOW: @maddow's exclusive interview with @BernieSanders airing on @MSNBC  
RT @maryaliceparks: Spike Lee, Harry Belafonte, and Rosario Dawson among folks introducing @BernieSanders at his NYC rally tomorrow in the…
We've only got a few  stickers left. Grab yours before they fly away:  
RT @maddow: My exclusive interview with @BernieSanders starts at 10PM ET, 
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies. I think they are.
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street.
Agreed, @JumaaneWilliams! And yes, we will campaign like Brooklynites!  
Your Republican frontrunner, ladies and gentlemen. Shameful. 
I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $700 billion to bailout Wall Street in 2008.
I want children to know that if they study hard, no matter what the income of their families, they will be able to get a college education.
We decided to make a sticker to commemorate ! Grab yours before they’re gone: 
RT @DAVID_LYNCH: Dear Twtter Friends, 
YAY! BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT!!!
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt. That shortsighted path forward must end.
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use.
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color. Read my plan: 
RT @maryaliceparks: Watch @BernieSanders Milwaukee rally live here - 
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country. It is too late for establishment policies, politics and economics.
It's time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency.
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people, not going to billionaires' homes begging for money.

The vast majority of  students are already working to put themselves through school. The kids are alright.
Yet wealthy kids under @HillaryClinton's plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week. Kids from working families would. 
War has got to be the last recourse, not the first.
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest @Residente this Thursday, March 31. RSVP here:  
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.
From Wisconsin to California, the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. 

This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain. 
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate. 
“You should be willing to debate anytime, anywhere.” — @HillaryClinton in 2008.

A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage.
RT @Morning_Joe: Dem Poll: @BernieSanders 49%, @HillaryClinton 48% 
We need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot.
I agree. But here’s the difference: I support a $15 federal minimum wage. @HillaryClinton does not. 
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power. That's what I do.
RT @BPEricAdams: Any candidate — @HillaryClinton, @BernieSanders, or otherwise — should be fortunate to have the grit &amp; tenacity that defin…
HuffPost: Voters’ Unfavorable View of Clinton Warns Democrats of Trouble Ahead 
Scientists tell us we need bold action, not incremental change. 
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people.
RT @NYWFP: After California, "NY leaders need to catch up by passing $15 for all workers"​- @ScharffK  …
Pennsylvania — today is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  and take part in the democratic process!
The sad reality is that across the globe, the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters.
I hope very much that as we go into New York, Sec. Clinton’s home state, we'll have a debate. Sign if you agree:

We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity.
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people. Read more of our plan here:  
I agree with @Lin_Manuel. Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt. 

We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.
RT @TulsiGabbard:  shows  to @BernieSanders with 70% of the vote  
Ill-conceived military decisions, such as the invasion of Iraq, can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades.
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years.

Voter ID laws, discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression.
We are grieving today for the families affected by the deplorable attack in Lahore. No one should ever fear taking their children to a park.
RT @TheBradMielke: Coming off 3 sweeping victories yesterday, @BernieSanders challenges @HillaryClinton to debate on her home turf: New Yor…
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate!
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders se impuso ayer con 82% en Alaska, 73% en Washington y 71% en Hawaii:  …
RT @kartpath: "Brooklyn was Bernin’ Saturday as @BernieSanders’ campaign opened a hometown headquarters with a raucous rally…”
…
RT @meetthepress: Last night @BernieSanders won in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington state.  
RT @meetthepress: Coming up: @BernieSanders joins @chucktodd on  after his wins in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington.
Thank you, Hawai'i!  
RT @janeosanders: An unforgettable moment. "Bern, you just won Washington.” So proud of you! 
Our campaign was just declared the winner of two more states. Make a $3 contribution to show your support tonight!

Washington, thank you for your huge support! It is hard for anybody to deny that our campaign has the momentum.  
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here: 
Thank you, Alaska! Together we are sending a message that this government belongs to all of us.  
Thank you to the 50,000 International Longshore and Warehouse Union members! You are a vital part of our movement. 
Together. 
Pennsylvania: the deadline to register to vote in your primary is on Monday. Please visit  to find out how.
RT @feelthebernorg: Check out this great volunteer-made tool:  Message people that like Bernie in each state and in…
RT @NYWFP: Brooklyn showing huge love for @ninaturner at  HQ kickoff   
Turnout is huge across Washington! Stay in line and make sure your voice is heard. 
Today we are going to tell the world we demand a government that represents all of us, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.
Rhode Island: tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit  to find out how.
Today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. Grab a friend and go caucus! 
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution!

Alaska, Hawaii and Washington — today we caucus. Get to your caucus location early and join history in the making. 
Tune in to  live here: 
RT @kylieatwood: As a kid @BernieSanders dreamed of being on a MLB field, didn't think he would be giving a speech. But here he is: https:/…
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
Violence and brutality, particularly at the hands of the police, is unacceptable and must not be tolerated.
Under my administration, the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands.

A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution.   
Let's fly away with a win tomorrow for .  
RT @portlandia: Put. A. Bern. On. It.  
"The American people are not looking to settle for inches. They're looking for real change." 

 and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field. Meet us there:  
RT @TheDailyShow: We anticipated  months ago  
A vote for Bernie is a vote for . Come out and caucus tomorrow in AK, HI &amp; WA. 

 
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here: 
 
We need to reform our criminal justice system so that we don't continue to see such a grotesque disparity in sentencing for people of color.
Alaska, Hawaii &amp; Washington — grab a friend or family member and caucus for Bernie tomorrow. Together, we can win. 
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation. 

RT @DREAMerJ_D: New York — Join our staff for a big rally and massive canvass launch at our state HQ grand opening in Brooklyn! RSVP
https:…
Wisconsin, join me for a rally in Madison tomorrow at 1 PM. RSVP here:  
RT @thehill: DNC official who quit to back Sanders cuts emotional new ad | WATCH:  
RT @cascamike: "when republicans controlled congress sanders passed the most roll call amendments (17) out of anyone in the house…” https:/…
RT @Alancumming: Today is the last day to register to vote in the NY primary!  has my vote!
  https://t.…
Seattle — join me for a rally today at 4 PM at Safeco Field. More info here: 

For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.
We have more people in jail than any other country. Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans.
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy.
RT @VanJones68: AMAZING AD! "The Cost of War | Bernie Sanders" @TulsiGabbard  
RT @janeosanders: I'm in Anchorage, Alaska tonight hosting a town hall. If you can't make it, tune in for the live stream here: 
https://t.…
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008, but Social Security was right there paying full benefits.
RT @politico: .@BernieSanders gets backing from key West Coast union  | AP Photo 
Wyoming! Tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  to find out how.
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make, not the Governor of Indiana. 

We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.
New York! Tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  to find out how.
RT @maryaliceparks: Good news for @BernieSanders headed into Saturday's WA caucus - campaign announces endorsement from Internat'l Longshor…
Join me for a rally in Portland, Oregon tomorrow. RSVP here:
 
One way we can make it easier to vote is by reaffirming our support for the Voting Rights Act. Add your support: 
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act.  Voting should not be this difficult.
On Tuesday night, people waited in line for 5 hours to vote. We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots. This is unacceptable.
I'm glad to see @MayorStanton asking @TheJusticeDept to investigate the voting delays in Arizona.  
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world.
It's time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. This law has no place in America. 
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders: "He trabajado por los ", entrevista de @Yorshmore  …
My plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. Then we can expand health care and make college free.
As president, I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade. We must protect and expand a woman's right to abortion.
As president, I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights. 
Bernie is on LIVE right now with @TheYoungTurks. Tune in here: 
RT @TheYoungTurks: Cenk Uygur will be interviewing Bernie Sanders LIVE On , TODAY at 6pm easter…  http…
The goal of  military policy must be to destroy ISIS, but to do it in a way that does not get  troops involved in perpetual warfare.
Join @TulsiGabbard for a national conference call on veterans’ issues tomorrow, March 24. RSVP here: 

As president, I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly. I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote.
Smile! We're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit yours:  😀
RT @billmckibben: America's greenhouse gas emissions are barely falling--or not at all--thanks to .  https:…
No, we’re not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a “moral” objection to it. 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control. 
Trump thinks we should not raise the minimum wage. He wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the wealthy. I don't think so.
It is time for the  government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity.

We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.
Thank you Idaho for our second big win of the night! 
Thank you to all those who caucused tonight in Utah! 
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here: 
If you're in Arizona, make sure to stay in line. Every vote counts.
It’s a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election.
RT @JimmyKimmelLive: Senator @BernieSanders TONIGHT + @TWHiddleston @GrangerSmith and Jimmy &amp; @IamGuillermo return as  h…
Utah — If you're in line, you have a right to caucus. Make your voice heard. Stay in line and caucus for Bernie. Issues? Call 385-223-6954.
If you're in line to vote before 7  in Arizona, do not leave! You have the right to vote. Any issues or concerns? Call 512-938-8850.
RT @VoteReagan: Attn  Voters - if in line by 7 pm at polls, you can vote no matter how long the line is!  Hang tough!  Votes
Idaho — If you're in line, you have a right to caucus. Your voice matters. Stay in line and practice democracy. 
Questions or issues while voting or caucusing today? Call our hotline: 
RT @micnews: .@BernieSanders is the only presidential candidate with a plan to empower Native Americans: 
Arizona, we need your help! After you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote or caucus right now! Text FIND to 82623 for your location. 
RT @TheDemocrats: This is how a president talks to fellow Americans. 
Idaho, stand up and fight for American democracy, an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy. 

I continue to stand by the President's calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba. Fifty years of Cold War is enough.
RT @keithellison: We must stand together against terror. @realDonaldTrump &amp; @tedcruz embrace fear &amp; hatred by proposing torture &amp; racial pr…
RT @CWADistrict1: .@VerizonPolicy @verizon Bernie's playbook is just fine. Vz pays lower fed income tax rate than many of its workers. http…
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in Arizona, Idaho or Utah today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts! 
RT @DREAMerJ_D:    Text ur state initials AZ, ID, or UT to 82623 for voting information   https:…
RT @standwithraul: Everyone go support @BernieSanders in  today! I know i will. Learn more, help out at  …
It’s important we not succumb to bigotry. We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion.
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House.

There is no question that you are looking at the strongest Democratic candidate. 

Arizona, Idaho y Utah — Llegó el turno de ustedes para votar por nuestro movimiento. Vayan con sus familiares y amigos a votar.
Arizona, we need your help! After you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: 
RT @TIMEPolitics: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Bernie Sanders is the commander in chief we need  via @TulsiGabbard
Not only would we beat Donald Trump in Utah, we would beat him badly. Utah: vote to win the White House. 
Arizona, Utah and Idaho — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote.
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium: 
We offer our deepest condolences to the families who lost loved ones in this barbaric attack and to the people of Brussels.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders picks up his 27th superdelegate: Danica Oparnica, the DNC's ethnic council vice chair from Arizona
RT @allinwithchris: .@BernieSanders: "Campaigns and elections are not a 're about trying to change America"  …
RT @LaurenBlanch12: "I think there is no question you are looking at the strongest democrat to beat republicans" says @BernieSanders at Fla…
RT @12News: LIVE: Bernie Sanders rally in Flagstaff, AZ 
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here, not cast them out.
Smile! We're making new ads and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit your video: 
Don’t know that I’d call President Obama's 72 straight months of job growth an “awful legacy.” 
Wonder how many $27 contributions @HillaryClinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist: 
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman.
RT @CBSNews: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds campaign rally, discusses "rigged economy"  - @CBSNLive …
It's time to shut the revolving door between Wall Street and the government. Wall Street will not be represented in my administration.
I believe Israel, Palestine and the international community can, must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace.
Watch Bernie deliver a foreign policy speech LIVE in Utah here: 

Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
RT @RI4Bernie: Pennsylvania! This campaign is one that is  and for the people. Register to vote by March 28. …
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV!  
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
Wisconsin! This political revolution is one that is of the people and . Register to vote by April 1. 
We've shown what's possible competing against the billionaires. Time to show we can organize our communities too. 
Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all. 
RT @People4Bernie: This campaign is . Every single one of us, regardless of our politics, race, gender, or place of origin htt…
When we stand together, we win.  
RT @BernieOnIssues: Phonebanking for Bernie is one of highest impact things you can do! Help us create a government . https://…
This campaign is a political revolution—millions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
Arizona, Idaho and Utah vote and caucus tomorrow! We have a good chance to win if we stand together. 

As president, I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v. Wade.
Our political revolution is now resonating all over the world. Thank you, Democrats abroad! 
RT @standwithraul: Why I'm voting for @BernieSanders in Tuesday : best  plan &amp; economic vision …
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era. 
When we come together and don’t allow people to divide us, we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent.
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history.
Thank you, Seattle! If every person here brings a friend and a family member out to vote, we will win on Saturday! 
RT @Residente: Acá les dejo el plan que tiene @BernieSanders para Puerto Rico. Léanlo 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men, women, and children and throwing them out of the country.
RT @komonews: WATCH NOW: @BernieSanders taking the stage NOW at Key Arena  
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues.
Together, we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare.
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line — someone with judgment.
Unfortunately, what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true.
In 2003, I voted against the War in Iraq. It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war.
That starts with defending veterans’ benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress.
In the wake of that war, we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans.
That’s money that could have been spent on rebuilding America’s schools, roads, bridges and water systems.
When the last benefits are calculated, that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars.
We invaded Iraq 13 years ago today. We must ask ourselves: are we more or less safe because of that war?
Utah, join the political revolution. Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday, March 22.  
RT @WyWomen4Bernie: Wyoming! This political revolution is one that is  and for the people. Register to vote by March 25. https:…
Idaho, want real change? Caucus on Tuesday for Bernie Sanders. Bring your friends and family with you!  
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution . Go out and vote on Tuesday. 
I talked to a young man serving in the US military and while he was serving his country, his wife was deported. That's beyond comprehension.
RT @Latinos4Bernie:  shouldn't be bailed out  anymore, it's time for  to pay their fair share! https://t.…
No matter where you live, you can join the fight. And we need each and every one of you!  
Wall Street is terrified because we are running a campaign that does not support their agenda. We represent working families. 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
RT @williamecurley: This fight isn't even close to being over.  
RT @NewyorkWeissman: @BernieSanders  don't underestimate us! 🔥🔥🔥 
This campaign is a political revolution , and we must make sure that health care is a right, not a privilege.
RT @People4Bernie: We are  because the PEOPLE deserve health care. The corporations DON'T deserve free handouts. …
We don't go around asking a handful of millionaires for big checks and call it a day. We rely on you. Donate: 
Change will not come without political participation. Join us:   
No one said a political revolution would be easy. We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose. 
YOU are the reason we have done so well against the political establishment and its super PACs. And you're how Bernie will win. 
Arizona, Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday. We have a good chance to win if we stand together.   
This is a campaign of the people,  and for the people. 
 
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire. We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together. 

Despite growing poverty among seniors, Republicans want more austerity for the elderly and more tax breaks for the rich.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders: People will appreciate when they look at the polls that I do better against Donald Trump than Hillary C…
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.
"Bernie is not a politician of convenience. He understands that the powerless need a voice.” - @StandWithRaul

RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders will only be on @FacetheNation this morning to talk about his path to the nomination. Tune in @ 10:30amE…
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's border is wrong and immoral.
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
RT @shailenewoodley: in  for the day in support of    are you going to Caucasus on Tuesday ?!?! …
RT @AP: Standing before US-Mexico border fence, Bernie Sanders vows to keep immigrant families together: 
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet, we must fight for fair wages for all.
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. We need a political revolution.
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
We have a real path toward victory in AZ, UT and ID if you can commit to talking to voters!  
The struggle for our rights isn’t the struggle of a day or a year. It’s the struggle of a lifetime. 

When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win. 
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation. They ain’t seen nothing yet. 
It's important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see.  
We don't have millionaires and billionaires to bundle money from their rich friends. We have you. 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.

This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain .  They want real change!
Touring the border here in Nogales, Arizona. I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families. 
RT @ErikaAndiola: "We need to protect refugee children. I just met one from El Salvador. I disagree with Clinton. They should not deported"…
RT @DREAMerJ_D: We need compassion &amp; justice not hate when we deal with our   system - @BernieSanders  https:…
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges, not more walls. Pope Francis is right. 
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.  
RT @GRForSanders: Political Revolutions Look Like This:

 
 
This is a campaign , by the people, and for the people. 
 
We can live in a nation where if you work 40 hours a week, you know that your child is able to go to college regardless of your income.
Vote for the political revolution. 
Sec. Clinton may disagree with me, but I don’t think it’s a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad.
Boeing gets 40 percent of the money discharged by the Export-Import Bank. And let me tell you, Boeing ain't exactly a small business.
Today, you've got child care workers making minimum wage. That is crazy. We should value our child care workers more than that.
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah. We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout. 

RT @TulsiGabbard: In case you missed this @Reuters poll: American voters trust @BernieSanders most to lead our military: …
We can have differences about when to go to war, but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned. 
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors. 
Washington: If you can’t attend your caucus, today is the last day to mail-in your ballot! Visit  for more info!
And while we don't guarantee health care to all, we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending.
Sec. Clinton says she got to travel the world. Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people?
RT @RI4A: .@BernieSanders, in Arizona, Takes On Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
 

A grassroots movement by the numbers:
✅ Nearly 2 million donors
✅ More than  million contributions
✅ Average contribution: $27
I don't take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it back—absolutely.
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Idaho Falls here: 
RT @UniPolitica: "Cuidado, Joe", le advierte @BernieSanders a @RealSheriffJoe.  
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free. I know my opponent thinks it’s a radical idea, I don’t.
How is it that tens of thousands of bright young people today are unable to go to college because they can’t afford it? That's unacceptable.
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street.
RT @CBS5AZ: Watch LIVE: Presidential candidate @BernieSanders town hall in    …
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population.
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
This is why my plan to  starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground.  
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution.
Sec. Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry. I am doing it a different way.
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint? 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders joins @Maddow tonight! Don't miss a minute with the Vermont Senator. Tune in to MSNBC at 9pmET. …
Here’s a radical idea: We're going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the billionaires!
RT @NickySundt: Feel the burn: record global temps in Jan-Feb after record hike in atmospheric CO2 in 2015.  https:/…
If patriotism means anything, it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us.
We don’t have billionaires waiting in the wings with bags of cash. This campaign is led by people like you. Donate: 
If you're a kid caught with marijuana, you get a record. If you're an exec on Wall St. that destroyed the economy, you get off scot-free.
I don’t believe you can take on climate change effectively while taking money from those who would profit off the destruction of the planet.
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed, paid parental leave. We must guarantee these benefits.
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families, not just the CEOs of large corporations.
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. We can change this system.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
I am not just asking for your vote. I am asking for you to get involved in a political revolution. Join us: 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
No one said the political revolution would be easy. We’re facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose. Donate: 
Between our government’s unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud, it’s no wonder drug prices are out of control.
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs. America needs a political revolution.
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans.
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken. 
RT @RockTheVote: "If you are afraid of free and fair elections, get out of politics. Get another job." @BernieSanders 
RT @UniPolitica: "El motivo por el que Trump no será presidente es porque EEUU no aceptará insultos a mexicanos, musulmanes o mujeres", dic…
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @BernieSanders: "We are doing something very  are telling the truth."  https://t…
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system.

RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: Sanders speaks to supporters after  election results  
Seen in Chicago. 
RT @NCForBernie: Polls close in 30 minutes North Carolina! Make your voice heard!  
Last chance to head to the polls! Head out the door and text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. Go vote now. 
It's not too late to get out and vote for Bernie! Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling location and head over right now. 
RT @nprcinc: Bernie Sanders represents real hope for Puerto Rico @huffpostblog  via @LatinoVoices
RT @Chicago4Bernie: If you're 17 but will be 18 before the general election in November, you ARE eligible to vote. You can register @ polls…
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and go vote.
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout and report it:  
Florida, grab your friends and family and go vote today. Polls are open until 7 PM.  
RT @DFAaction: Florida, @BernieSanders is asking for your vote on  GOTV 2 day    https://…
Voting for Bernie in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri or Florida today? Use  and share this image! 
Voters are going to the polls in five different states. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Ohio, it’s your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline.  
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida — not sure where to vote? Look up your polling location at 
RT @robdelaney: This is genuinely, I swear to God, fun.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. IL, NC, FL, MO, and OH: please go vote today.  
We need your help getting supporters out to vote. Can you spare an hour to call voters and get them to the polls? 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. Vote for Bernie today and use  to share! 
Today is an incredibly important day for our movement. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
RT @MoveOn:    @BernieSanders  
Sisters and brothers in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida: make your voice heard today. Go vote. 
RT @NewDay: For @BernieSanders to do well today, it's all about turnout, says supporter @BenJealous.  
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests. 
RT @ErikaAndiola: @janeosanders meeting with undocumented families, Arpaio's victims, refugee children and Dreamers.  https…
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem. Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues.
Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig and Chris Tomson  and want you to go out and VOTE for Bernie tomorrow.

I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign. This is a grassroots campaign.
Idaho is ready to caucus for Bernie on March 22. Thanks for the huge march on Saturday!  
RT @People4Bernie: It's go time! Get them out to vote. Call all the phones   
This campaign is proving that you can run for office without taking money from corporate America and special interests. 
RT @MSNBC: TUNE IN: @BernieSanders participates in a town hall with @chucktodd on @MSNBC. 
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers, not just coal workers.  
RT @jamieson: Just in: Amalgamated Transit Union endorses Bernie Sanders for president. Union reps 190K transit workers …
RT @StandupforPR: Thank you Senator @BernieSanders for standing up for Puerto Rico    https://…
RT @janeosanders: What an honor to be invited to Oak Flat yesterday, the sacred land of the San Carlos Apache Tribe. Thank you! …
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers.
Thank you Tobey Giat for participating in democracy and for your help on my campaign. We can't do this without you. 

If you want a candidate who will defeat Trump or some other Republican, you are looking at him. 
RT @WSJPolitics: New: Bernie Sanders to unveil HIV/AIDS research initiative to spur development of new drugs to treat the disease.  https:/…
RT @CNNgo: Next: @MarkRuffalo joins @ThisHour to explain why he's supporting @BernieSanders. Watch LIVE  …
When we talk about war, we must talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury.
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of nearly any major country on earth. 
RT @jesuschuygar: Vote Tuesday, March 15th      …
.@HillaryClinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money. 
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.
RT @kartpath: .@BernieSanders is the only candidate in this race who will fight for a ban on fracking.

With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment.
When we talk about education, we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage. 
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty. 
Espero que el señor Trump le diga a sus seguidores que la violencia no es aceptable en el proceso democrático. 
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders. 

Like any other public official, when a police officer breaks the law, that officer must be held accountable. 
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process. We should condemn violence not encourage it. 
RT @cnnbrk: .@BernieSanders is up first in the . Watch CNNgo:  
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois. 
The American people don’t need a president who says the right things in a stump speech. They need a president who is with them every day.
Trump should tone down his rhetoric and condemn the violence of some of his supporters. 
"We need you Obi-Wan." - @DannyDeVito introducing Bernie in St. Louis before Missouri's primary on Tuesday.

RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @DannyDeVito surprises @BernieSanders rally in St. Louis: "We need you, Obi-Wan!" 
https://t…
Today in the United States the top 1 percent earns more income than the bottom 50 percent. Does that make sense?
RT @BenJealous: Donald Trump: There is something more powerful than fear and hatred and violence. It is LOVE &amp; UNITY! …
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America.
RT @PDPJ: Line to get into @BernieSanders event in Affton, Mo--h/t @trymainelee for timelapse line idea see @stltoday for more …
RT @ThisWeekABC: WATCH: @BernieSanders says @realDonaldTrump's claim he organized protesters at Trump rally is "totally untrue." https://t.…
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child.
RT @CNNSotu: Before Sunday night's town hall @BernieSanders will talk to @jaketapper on  
I have a message for Secretary Clinton: We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement. We need to defeat it. 

RT @maryaliceparks: Watch @BernieSanders'
Missouri State rally live here   

RT @docftw33: Cast my ballot today for @BernieSanders at the BlackHawk County Dem County Convention. 
RT @MoveOn:   @BernieSanders 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time.
.@HillaryClinton and party allies are disenfranchising worker-class delegates at Polk County Iowa Democratic Convention.
Effort under way right now by @hillaryclinton and party allies to steal Polk County Iowa conv. election Bernie won earlier today.
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price.

We win when people come together. We win when we reject division.
Good to be back in Chicago.

"Every American, regardless of their income, should have access to a college education.” - @TroyLaRaviere

RT @RevJJackson: ICYMI: @RPCoalition w/ One-on-One convo w/ @SenSanders. Dr. @CornelWest &amp; @HGC1968    https…
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve.
I'm asking young people to be leaders in this country. Help us create a nation where every person realizes their full promise of equality.
RT @Dakarai_Turner: .@BernieSanders picks up the endorsement of @jamalhbryant from Chicago 
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up.

I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me. I don’t want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers.
We do things a little different in this campaign: We bring people TOGETHER. 
Watch Bernie live in Summit, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including combating climate change. 
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder.

The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
RT @politico: .@BernieSanders wins: Ohio judge rules 17-year-olds can vote on election day  | Getty …
North Carolinians who missed the first deadline can still register for early voting until tomorrow at 1PM ET.

RT @Marcy_Kaptur: Welcome to @BernieSanders the next President of the United States! 
If elected, I won't send the TPP to Congress and will continue to fight efforts to pass it. I urge @HillaryClinton to join me.
Remembering Jane Lang. We will continue her fight for universal health care.  
As president, I will govern based on principle not poll numbers. Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests.
That's a good question. My answer is yes.  
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Unlike Sec. Clinton, I have nothing to release.
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement, not a weaker one.
The politics of division has no place in our country. Trump should take responsibility for addressing his supporters' violent actions.
RT @taddevine: Why Bernie Would Crush Trump and Why Every Vote For Hillary Puts Trump Closer to the White House 
I agree. That's why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions. 
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources.
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history.
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians. We must overturn Citizens United before it’s too late.
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement, a political revolution in this country.
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits.
Real change takes place when people stand up and say “enough is enough,” and when we create a political revolution from the ground up.
The message we are sending to the billionaire class is you cannot continue to get huge tax breaks while children in America go hungry.
RT @cascamike: .@washingtonpost: "5 times hillary clinton has played fast and loose with the facts on bernie sanders’ record.” …
PolitiFact: Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan 
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind.
RT @maryaliceparks: Watch @BernieSanders Gainesville rally live  @UF University of Florida 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign. It is a people’s campaign.
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the  We've lost 60,000 factories since 2001.
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America. 

Bernie votó contra la guerra de Irak y cambiar el régimen en Libia porque temía lo que sucedería después. Desafortunadamente, él tuvo razón.
Sec. Clinton is arguing that the  should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people.
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage. How would @HillaryClinton get there? 
Why does @HillaryClinton think it's okay for Trump's kids to go to elementary, middle, and high schools for free, but not colleges?
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after. Unfortunately, he was right.
Necesitamos una economía que funcione para todos, no sólo para un puñado de multimillonarios. 

El director de Goldman Sachs no me dio $250,000; al contrario, dijo que soy un peligro. Y tiene razón — soy un peligro para Wall Street.
The head of Goldman Sachs didn’t give Bernie $225,000 for a speech. He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street. And he’s right.
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders. 
Video from that Clinton speech telling Wall St to "cut it out" shows her greeting "wonderful donors" in the room. 
Let's stop the racism. Let's stop the xenophobia. Let's stop Trump. 
RT @davidaxelrod: She did it again and I'll say it again. It's misleading to imply that TARP II was an auto bailout bill. 
Bernie’s immigration plan is the gold standard. "We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness.” -@nytimes 
"The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners." - @HillaryClinton on the "auto" bailout in 2008.
.@HillaryClinton doubles down on "negative tactics" and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times: 
RT @julito77: "Madam Secretary, I would match my record against yours any day of the week." @BernieSanders 
No deportaré a niños que viven en Estados Unidos de América. Eso lo puedo prometer. 
“We have laws.” - @HillaryClinton  
I will not deport children from the United States of America. I can make that promise.  
"Clinton acknowledged that, in some cases, a child’s deportation could bring them great harm."  
“Como presidenta, yo me opondré a darle licencias de conducir a personas indocumentadas…” — @HillaryClinton en 2007. 
"As president, I will not support driver’s licenses for undocumented " - @HillaryClinton in 2007
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up.

"I am, you know, adamantly against illegal immigration.” - @HillaryClinton.

Cuando iniciamos estábamos 50 puntos detrás de la “nominada demócrata inevitable”. Ahora esa candidata no se ve tan inevitable. 
When we began we were 50 points behind the “inevitable Democratic nominee.” Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable. 
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the  in Miami. Tune in live here  and .
Bernie está a punto de subir al escenario del  en Miami. Míralo en  y participa usando .
I stand with Chicago teachers. We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street. 
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people. We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs.
Some people say young people are apathetic. It seems to me like they are ready to transform America.
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty. There's enough violence in the world and the  government shouldn't add to it. 
Multinational corporations making billions, moving jobs overseas, are asking for handouts from our middle class? I don't think so.
RT @Univision23: No se pierdan nuestro debate esta noche en @Univision.  
RT @rbecker51: On behalf of @BernieSanders, shukran jazilan! 
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right. That's taking care of its people. Not more tax breaks for the rich.
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders: "I don't give speeches behind closed doors to Goldman Sachs and I'm very proud of that" 
.@FLGovScott, veto this bill. Don’t play politics with abortion.  
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power, and to take on the ruling class.
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids?
At the end of the day big money doesn’t always win. What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us.
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class. A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally, economically or politically.
The corporate media counted us out. The pollsters said we were way behind. But we won. Thank you, Michigan. 
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation, the wealthy have never had it so good.
Michigan: if you’re in line to vote, you have a right to vote. Stay in line and make your voice heard.
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men. It’s sexism and it has got to end. 
Love always trumps hate. 
This is what we can learn from history: when people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
Watch Bernie in Miami live right now: 
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials. This should make us all proud. 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents. 
Michigan and Mississippi — not sure where to vote? That's OK! Look up your polling location at 
We must ensure pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work — it's not a radical idea. 
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi? Use  and share this image! 
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave.  
This is why it's so important that our Democratic debate moderators . 

To our supporters abroad: today is your last chance to vote in the Global Primary. Submit your ballot by 6PM ET. 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Change cannot take place without political participation.
Michigan y Mississippi — Llegó tu turno para participar en nuestro movimiento. ¡Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar!
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: "They should be sent back." 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Michigan and Mississippi: please go vote today. 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street, but in fact it's Wall Street that regulates Congress.
Michigan and Mississippi — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote.
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick. Health care must be a right, not a privilege.
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change. We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it.
There is so much violence in our world today. I just don't think the state should add to it. That's one reason I oppose the death penalty.
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.
RT @MMFlint: Here it is from Forbes: Bernie was for the auto bailout but against the Wall Street bailout: 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
Bottom line: with ISIS in Libya, the 2011 intervention made us less safe. You don’t get extra points for good intentions.
It took @FoxNews to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate. 
RT @Sam_Frizell: Sanders: I believe health care is a right of all people.
Baier: Excuse me, where did that right come from?
Sanders: Being …
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues.
When forced to defend a record of supporting bad trade deals, sometimes you say things that just aren't correct. 
Last night, @HillaryClinton went out of her way to mischaracterize my vote on the auto bailout. 
RT @nickconfessore: Clinton's answer on fracking vs. Sanders' answer. 
RT @jonathanoosting: Another big line for @BernieSanders in Dearborn 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance.
But to this day there are efforts by Republicans to make it harder for African-Americans, low-income people and senior citizens to vote.
From the @WashingtonPost: "Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout. He even voted for it."

RT @jonodiener: Michigan friends! @BernieSanders rally TODAY in Ann Arbor and music from @nateruessmusic and @JRJRmusic! GO! …
RT @tomlobianco: "Share that speech with the American people!" @BernieSanders pressing @HillaryClinton for Goldman Sachs speeches
The reality is that Congress doesn’t regulate Wall Street. Wall Street, its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress.
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Tonight proved once again that we are well on our way towards winning this Democratic primary. Thank you, Maine!  
RT @HillaryClinton: Another way we can help the kids and families of Flint: donate what you can to   http…
RT @kenvogel: Hillary―boasting about all her donors―has raised 17% of her $ from small donors. Bernie raised 70% from small donors https://…
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  
If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? 
Safe fracking is like clean coal, pure fiction. 
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking. @HillaryClinton does. Big difference. 
Q. Do you support fracking? 
A. No. 

RT @TelemundoNews: : "El problema de las drogas es un asunto de salud, no un problema de criminalidad" 
RT @reynoldsjessica: The picture and story of Bernie Sanders getting arrested in Chicago   …
RT @MMFlint: Hillary has no clue that the "auto bailout" didn't save ONE single job in Flint. We used to have 80,000 GM jobs here. Today? 5…
RT @BenJealous: Bernie Sanders denouncing the mass incarceration provisions of the crime bill in April of 1994:  …
RT @RyanLizza: That's a big difference between Clinton WH &amp; Sanders: BS opposed the punitive aspects of the crime bill, while Clinton admin…
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail’s father, consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family: 
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes. Why do they need our taxpayer dollars? 
RT @kartpath: The thing about getting from 90% to 100% is you need a plan to get there. Here’s one from @BernieSanders:
…
RT @the_intercept: Hillary Clinton made $ million from just 12 speeches to big banks:   …
FACT: Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008. 

Bernie was one of the first, not one of the last, to oppose the job-killing TPP. 
cc: @HillaryClinton
Tune in to tonight's  live and  here: 
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint? 
At the end of the day, I will trust the people to create a government that works for them, not Corporate America or Wall Street. 
We're glad that @HillaryClinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov. Snyder's resignation. 
Children in America should not be poisoned. The federal government must act. No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water. 
The governor of Michigan must resign, but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint. 
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Watch the  and join the conversation.  
A campaign is not about what you said yesterday. It is about what you have stood for your entire career.
I helped write the Affordable Care Act. It's done some great things, but we must do more. 50 million are still uninsured or underinsured.
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.

Maine, do you know where to caucus today for Bernie? Text ME to 82623 for your location!  
This is a sad day for America. Nancy Reagan had a good heart, and she will be dearly missed. 
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege.
America’s radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class. 

RT @CNN: ✅ Who: @HillaryClinton &amp; @BernieSanders
✅ What: CNN 
✅ When: Tonight at 8p ET
✅ Where: Live from Flint, MI
…
This campaign is not about me—it's about all of us. No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together.
We need your help today, Maine! When you caucus, report delegate counts from your location at 
RT @CNN: .@BernieSanders: My proposals "may be fantasy to the ruling class," but not to the working class  
 trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit, Flint: 
RT @ThisWeekABC: Live now: @BernieSanders joins @GStephanopoulos to discuss  election results.  …
Maine: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders comes to  ahead of tonight's  in Flint, Michigan.
We’ve got the momentum, the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
Thank you for the strong support, Nebraska! 
Thank you, Kansas! When we started this campaign, no one would have ever expected we’d win.  
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign. There are no excuses. 
It's time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare. 
I think if you're gonna get paid $225k for a speech it must be a good speech—Shakespearian. I can't wait to read it.

Tune in live to the Warren, Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon! 
 
RT @rbecker51: إعلان حملة "بيرني ساندرز" باللغة العربية في الإذاعة في ولاية ميشيجان باسم "فلنقف متضامنين معا" . صوتوا يوم الثلاثاء https://…
Vote or caucus for Bernie to say  or  today to keep the White House!  
ICYMI: Bernie leads Trump at 55 percent to 43 percent and is also leading both Cruz and Rubio by double digits. 
RT @WEWS: WATCH LIVE | @BernieSanders speaks in  |  
RT @TVNewsLady: Campaign promise: "I will speak about poverty often and forcibly if I'm elected," says @berniesanders at African American T…
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5,000 a year.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in KS, LA or NE today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry. I'm not afraid of them, not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America.
RT @abowersock: Phonebanking WINS elections. Will you join me?    
KS, LA and NE—You vote or caucus today! 
Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling or caucus location!  
Kansas, Louisiana and Nebraska—Today is your day. Go out and vote or caucus:  
When we talk about public education, it is not just 1st grade through 12th. We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs.
RT @MoveOn: !  for @BernieSanders TOMORROW    
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up. 
RT @rbecker51: .@BernieSanders campaign in  is honored to have the endorsement of the Arab American News! 
RT @WTKR3: Watch live now: @BernieSanders campaigns in Michigan.   
RT @kylieatwood: To 4,755 in MI @BernieSanders talks abt his YUGE crowds. Then: "I can't use that word anymore." Substitute: V large https:…
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now.
RT @RollingStone: Watch Graham Nash explain why "Bernie Sanders is one of us" in new video  
We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Congrats to @Raise_Up_WA for taking the first step to a $15/hr min. wage and paid leave.
RT @CNNSotu: Before he debates in  @BernieSanders will be on  this Sunday. Tune in at 9a and 12p ET. 
Today, 1 in 3 black males can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
RT @MoveOn: !  for @BernieSanders TOMORROW    
RT @BoldNebraska: .@BoldNebraska Online Poll ( Dems): @BernieSanders , @HillaryClinton   https://…
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
Louisiana, Kansas and Nebraska: it's your turn tomorrow! Make your voice heard.  
RT @LouisianaBernie: 🇺🇸 Louisiana Primary
Saturday, March 5 | 7am-8pm
 for Bernie! Every single vote helps with delegate count! h…
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society.
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need.  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Sanders campaign finds fodder with Clinton’s TV appearance in India on outsourcing  …
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people. 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard. 
Watch Bernie live in Edwardsville, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including college affordability.

Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the US by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman.
RT @jrosenbaum: Big crowd for @BernieSanders in Edwardsville: 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child.
Your work could mean the difference between winning or losing upcoming states for Bernie. 
RT @kartpath: After the haircut, @BernieSanders joins 4,200 of his friends for a rally in Lawrence! 
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families, not billionaires buying elections.
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change — real change — and that is what this campaign is about.
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls.  
In many states, it's legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender. We're gonna change that! 
Think big, not small. Ask yourself: do I have to leave college with 30, 40 or 50 thousand dollars in debt? 
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Lawrence, Kansas here:   
RT @Univision: ¿Qué le preguntarías a @BernieSanders? Compártenos tu pregunta aquí y prepárate para el  del 9 de marzo. https://t…
Not many people know it, but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960. What changed? Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs.
Change happens from the bottom up. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers.    
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he’s not worried because if elected she’ll flip back to support it. 
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders gets a haircut in Lawrence, KS; via @joshbhaskell 
You don’t create real public policy unless you listen to the science, and the science is clear: climate change is real.
As a society, we should never stigmatize women for breastfeeding in public. 
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner.
RT @janeosanders: 35 years ago today, Bernie was elected mayor by 10 votes. If 10 people hadn't shown that day, we might not be here today.…
Here is a radical idea. Let’s listen to the scientists, not the politicians.  
Politicians who deny climate change is real, despite an overwhelming scientific consensus, are morally bankrupt. 
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails. 
Bernie speaks to the overflow crowd at today's rally in Lincoln, Nebraska.  
RT @1011_News: The Lied Center is completely full. An anxious crowd waiting for Sen. Sanders. If you can't attend, watch it live: https://t…
RT @KPApower: Kansas People’s Action ‘Feels the Bern,’ Endorses Sanders for President

Organization's members say  …
43,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA. I opposed that bad deal, @HillaryClinton did not.
I know that Sec. Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big. I don’t think so.
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's free trade policies. 
If we are going to win this primary, we have to be ready to fight, organize, and win in the states ahead. Volunteer: 
Our trade policy must change. Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America, not in low-wage countries.
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs – jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class – now pay a poverty wage of $ an hour?
RT @jonathanoosting: .@BernieSanders knocking trade agreements he says were "written by corporations, for corporations" …
In 1960, the wealthiest city in America was Detroit. Today, it is the poorest big city.  
Happening now: press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan. Tune in live here: 
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation. We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about our huge banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance.
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up. 
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders speaking to a crowd of 10,000 supporters at Michigan State Univ. 
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury. It’s crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world.
Today, people living in Bucharest, Romania have access to much faster Internet than most of the US. That’s unacceptable and must change.
RT @rbecker51: .@BernieSanders Campaign Joins Battle to Save Jobs at Nabisco Plant  @CWALarry @ClemBalanoff @l4nguye…
I don’t believe in the agenda of the billionaire class. And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree. 
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
.@realDonaldTrump and I agree on something. He and I both want to run against the other. Guess who wins? 
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls. 
America’s 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined. 
RT @democracynow: Latino Vote Helps Bernie Sanders Surge to Victory in Colorado in Massive Dem Caucus Turnout  https…
We have the highest childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earth—you’re damn right I'm gonna talk about poverty. 
Watch our rally in Portland, Maine, live here:  
We want a nation where young black men and women can live without fear of being falsely arrested, beaten or killed.
RT @RaniaBatrice: "He has what I like to call heart, soul " @ninaturner on @BernieSanders at the NC Faith&amp;Justice lunch. https:…
It’s time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters. 
They have the money, but we have the people. In the end, I believe the people can win. Volunteer to help us win: 
Thank you 
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman’s constitutional right. 

"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
You win elections through a strong grassroots effort. Thank you, Oklahoma, Colorado, Minnesota and Vermont. 
Thank you to all of our volunteers and organizers who pulled it off in Minnesota. 
Welcome to the political revolution, Colorado! 
Thank you, Oklahoma!  
RT @UniPolitica: El candidato demócrata @BernieSanders reitera su objetivo de campaña: lograr una revolución política.  https:…
RT @wsbtv: LIVE: @BernieSanders - "We are going to end a corrupt campaign finance system!"   …
RT @CNNEE: 📺 @BernieSanders: En Estados Unidos vamos a acabar con las campañas corruptas —   
Your voice matters. Your vote matters. If you’re in line to vote, stay in line and practice democracy.
You still have time to get out and vote in  states! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information. 
RT @BenFolds: With Jerry Greenfield - Ben&amp;Jerry's (drum roll) Supporting Bernie in Vermont   …
Want real change? Vote for Bernie.  


Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Amplify the vote! Call Bernie voters in  states to help with the final shift of the day: 
RT @georgelopez: Para los mocosos que no creen en Bernie, he wants to make the US  again! But YOU NEED to get out and VOTE! https:/…
RT @TexasForBernie: Phonebanking is one of highest impact things you can do! Help us win :   https://t.…
By voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaires. 
RT @neiltyson: Who would Jesus vote for? To him walls, wealth, &amp; torture are non-starters, so probably the Jewish New Yorker from Vermont.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
RT @Dulce__Saenz: Coloradans support @BernieSanders. Get out and caucus for Bernie!    https:/…
America is about standing together. Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality. 

RT @coloradodems: Are you ready to caucus tonight? Make sure you're eligible and make a plan!   …
RT @ArabsForBernie: This website  will tell you everything you need to know about voting on  now go vot…
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, y VT—Hoy es tu día. Sal a votar. ¿Necesitas encontrar tu distrito electoral? 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on ? Use  or  and share this image! 
RT @icaito: El propósito de esta campaña es unir a la gente.

Por favor sal hoy a votar por @BernieSanders.  

…
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That's what this campaign is about. This is your movement. 
RT @jhutch1992: @BernieSanders is someone I believe in. Someone who speaks the truth and is ready to make a change. For our future. GO VOTE…
RT @TulsiGabbard: As we say in : no vote, no grumble. Your vote matters.   
RT @justinlong: He's only unelectable if you don't vote    
RT @350action: BREAKING: @HillaryClinton backtracks, would not impose fossil fuel moratorium on federal land on first day in office https:/…
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Please go vote today.  
RT @WorkingFamilies: Want @BernieSanders to be ? Go vote if you live in a  state!   …
Democrats win when voter turnout is high, when people come together and we reject division. Go vote.  
RT @nelly_beans: Just voted for @BernieSanders in ! Thanks @DemsAbroad 
RT @billmckibben: All I can say is, if you're voting with a hope of slowing global warming, . @BernieSanders has been the real …
RT @GRForSanders: Voted for @BernieSanders on ?

Let us know using ! Bernie's official tracking tool!

…
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, and VT—Today is your day. Go out and vote. Need to find your polling place? 
RT @GMA: "We will defeat [Trump], because we know that love trumps hatred." - @BernieSanders.   
RT @cascamike: .@BernieSanders is the best chance we have to keep a republican out of the white house: 
RT @joecaiazzo: Take a peak at this before you vote   
RT @GRForSanders: If you're in a  State and can give rides to the polls, head to your nearest Bernie 2016 office!

…
RT @BenJealous: Hey  Voters!  Vote 4 @BernieSanders! Why? Only Bernie Can Beat Trump!  
I hope you show up to the polls today and make your voice heard. We know that when we , anything is possible. 
RT @Morning_Joe: Happening now: @BernieSanders voting on  
Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future.
Not only will we beat @realDonaldTrump, we will beat him badly. Because we know love trumps hate.  
You crushed our goal of raising $40 million for the month. Help us reach $45 million.
 
RT @MoveOn: .@gabymhoffmann &amp; @benjaminokeefe hilariously call for an end to $ in politics &amp; pledge support for @BernieSanders.
…
RT @BostonGlobe: "No woman in America who gives  should be forced to go back to work in a week or two," Sanders says. Watch: https:…
Let me be clear: We don't have a super PAC, don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a people’s campaign. 
RT @KellySewRad: Bernie Sanders picks up Detroit endorsements     …
RT @jhutch1992: Bernie can do it. let's keep this revolution going everyone.  @BernieSanders donate to keep us going! https://t…
I'm not quite sure how you bring about real change in America if your super PAC collects millions from Wall St.  
RT @joecaiazzo: Massachusetts is feeling the Bern big time for@BernieSanders   
Wanna hear a radical idea? We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent.  
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton, MA. Tune in LIVE:
 
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
Midwest for Bernie: If you haven't liked our official Facebook page, go check it out right now:  
RT @4lifeHassan: Just gave $27 at  Donate &gt;$15 on   &amp; get this    …
RT @Indies4Bernie: Minnesota Vote to Win. 
Your vote for Bernie matters.
Every vote counts. 
I think if you’re gonna get paid $200,000 for a speech it must be a pretty damned good speech. I can’t wait to read it.
RT @Merrifield_SD11: Proud to support Bernie!  
My opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  

RT @Colleges4Bernie: If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat the GOP.   https:…
I'm not just asking for your vote. I'm asking for your support the day after the election.  
The truth is you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money. Donate:  

RT @ZooeyBuddy: We need a revolution in how healthcare is provided in this country. 



@Women4Bernie @B…
RT @Frances_Fisher: It's ! We need all hands on deck. ”  
Contribute before tonight's deadline to send a message to the billionaire class: You can't have it all.  
RT @abowersock: .@BernieSanders just made a personal call to action for -ers   …
RT @weslata:  VOTE BERNIE tomorrow on  
RT @Bernlennials: FACT: @BernieSanders is our best chance at beating the GOP in November   
Fighting for social justice is never easy. It is always a struggle. Join us:   
RT @GatorsEite23: America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  https://t…
Let us make history tomorrow.  

RT @Latinos4Bernie: Today is ! Know what to do tomorrow—find how to vote for  in your state:  htt…
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
Tomorrow, voters in 11 states will have the chance to vote for the Democratic nominee for President.  
RT @People4Bernie: The power of the people is stronger than the people in power.    https://…
RT @joecaiazzo: Getting geared up for the doors for @BernieSanders in western MA   
RT @IamNickGonzalez: RT &amp; Share!!
Contribute TODAY:  and Vote TOMORROW!    h…
RT @apocolipsefg: Just phone-banked for an hour and got two people to come out   
RT @feelthebernorg: "Facebanking" with  lets you contact people who like Bernie in Super Tuesday states. Use it on #…
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives.  

RT @BernieTampaBay: We can do it! Every dollar counts.  
 
We'll win because togetherness trumps divisiveness, community trumps selfishness and love trumps hate. 

RT @williamecurley: We need someone willing to stand up for what we need.  
RT @rbecker51: Who beats Trump, Rubio, Cruz? Only @BernieSanders does!   Sign-up &gt;  https://…
RT @SusanSarandon: To all the Super Tuesday states and territories, every vote counts! Take back your Democracy tomorrow.  …
Vote to win the White House.  
Great article by @ElizabethForMA. This is exactly what our campaign is talking about.

Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline before Super Tuesday. Chip in: 
Thank you @AlanGrayson for your endorsement!

RT @AlanGrayson: I hereby endorse @BernieSanders to be our Democratic nominee for President of the United States.  …
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All

Make a $ contribution and help us hit our goal of raising $40 million in February before tonight's FEC deadline. 
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's desire for real change in this country.
Tune in now to the @TJMShow for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.
On the road with my most trusted adviser @JaneOSanders.

Bernie Sanders can’t do this alone. We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement.  
Native Americans know that if you destroy nature you destroy life. That is what we’re doing globally and that has got to change. 
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders: "We can and must do much better for the native Americans in this country"  
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders takes the stage to a roar at @coloradostateu in Fort Collins. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying "enough is enough."
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you.

RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @BernieSanders on Clinton's speeches: If you get $200,000 for a speech, "must be a pretty damn good speech."
https:…
RT @joshfoxfilm: I officially endorse @BernieSanders for President! Calling all fractivists! Get out &amp; ! …
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail!
RT @BenFolds: Me in my younger  Wait, that's someone else!   - my FB post here:  …
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Bernie trumps the GOP. If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat Republicans. 
America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Help us win! 
RT @joecaiazzo: Phones and doors for @BernieSanders   
The  spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world. Yet we leave millions overlooked.
As a veteran of the Iraq War, Rep. @TulsiGabbard understands the cost of war. I am honored to have her endorsement.

RT @TulsiGabbard: I resigned from the DNC &amp; endorsed @BernieSanders to be our next President and Commander-in-Chief.  Here's why: https://t…
RT @meetthepress: EXCLUSIVE on : @TulsiGabbard resigned from position as DNC Vice Chair to support @BernieSanders. …
RT @meetthepress: BREAKING on : @TulsiGabbard just announced her resignation as DNC Vice Chair and endorsement of @BernieSanders …
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve.
RT @FaceTheNation: Sen @berniesanders will join us this morning on  to discuss last night's  and  upcoming . Tun…
It's time for this injustice to end.

I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters. This campaign is just beginning. 
"It is the public — not the candidate — who decides how much disclosure is enough."  
Do you know where to vote for Bernie today? Text SC to 82623 to find your polling location! 
RT @WPJohnWagner: The view from backstage at Bernie Sanders's rally in Grand Prairie, Texas 
Killer Mike wants you to go vote for Bernie right NOW. Polls are open to 7  Get out and vote! 

A strong showing today across South Carolina will shock the political establishment. Grab your friends and family and come out and vote.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders will be on  tomorrow following the . Don't miss it! 
RT @maryaliceparks: Official crowd count for @BernieSanders Austin Tx rally just over 10,000 people  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia,  office for the afternoon canvass launch.  
RT @KXAN_News: WATCH: @berniesanders to speak soon at @cota  
RT @laura_skelding:  crowd welcomes @BernieSanders to the stage @circuitamericas. @statesman 
South Carolina: we have come a long way here in the last nine months. I urge you to come out and vote today.

South Carolina — Need to look up your polling location to vote for Bernie?  
South Carolina — It’s your turn to vote for our political revolution. Polls are open from 7am to 7pm. 
RT @BET: .@BernieSanders says he voted for Jessie Jackson for President in 1988:  
RT @_Julio_Caesar: Amazing celebrity supporters along w/ great volunteers phone banking to the max in Colorado!   http…
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits. 

RT @MegKinnardAP: "Welcome to the political revolution. Thank you all." - @BernieSanders wraps it up for  
RT @RBReich: I endorse Bernie Sanders for president of the United States. He's leading a movement to reclaim America for the many, not the …
It's time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation leave.
What is going on in America? We should be hiring educators, not firing them! 
South Carolina, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Look up your polling location here:  
To the vast majority of the American people, democracy means one person, one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs.
RT @ReneeWPTZ: "I was there for the March on Washington w/Dr. Martin Luther King"-@BernieSanders talks voting equality to students @Claflin…
RT @kartpath: New @BernieSanders ad takes on fracking, and proposes putting people before polluters.

Tune in now to catch @NinaTurner's introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina!   
"I will certainly look into it."
21 days 19 hours 6 minutes

I have a radical idea: instead of having unfettered free trade, we should have fair trade protecting workers in the  and abroad.
Delaware — Today is the deadline to change your party affiliation to Democrat to vote for Bernie! Change yours here: 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 

RT @ErikaAndiola: ICYMI: Raúl Grijalva: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas - Univision  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's Barber Shop in Columbia,  to talk to voters. 
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president:

RT @business: Here's how Wal-Mart explains the difference between Clinton and Sanders  
When the people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
RT @kare11: WATCH LIVE: @SenSanders speaking soon in Hibbing.  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs. 
Last night, @KillerMike joined students in SC to phone bank voters. Today, we'll be at Claflin University. Join us! 
RT @ErinBrockovich: This is why I respect @BernieSanders - he's not just talking he's demanding specific action  …
I have a 98% pro-union voting record. I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement.
Since 2001, bad trade policies caused 60,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Sanders unloads on Clinton during raucous speech in Chicago 
This great university is being threatened with cuts. What is going on in America? Where are our priorities?

RT @RollingStone: "It's refreshing to have a candidate who speaks his mind, who makes sense." -Michael Stipe on Bernie Sanders …
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children. 
"We need politicians who will stand with Indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands."

Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton? 

NYT agrees: @HillaryClinton should release her Wall Street transcripts. Day 20 since she said "I will look into it." 
Join rapper and activist @KillerMike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg. 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. They're overworked, underpaid, and under enormous stress.
All immigrants, including undocumented workers and their families, should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act.
RT @MegKinnardAP: One of the many  residents explaining to @BernieSanders concerns about water use, how it's being tested. https://t.…
Bernie is in Flint, Michigan, right now participating in a community forum. Watch live here: 
RT @MegKinnardAP: After several large rallies, more intimate setting for @BernieSanders  forum on water crisis, infrastructure https:…
What welfare reform did, in my view, was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country.

Let us be clear: the campaign finance system in the  is corrupt, it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed.
RT @MegKinnardAP: Ohio doesn't vote until March 15. This @BernieSanders crowd in Cuyahoga County sounds ready to rock right now. https://t.…
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns in Berea, Ohio – LIVE at 10:30am ET online here:   …
RT @billmckibben: The new list of environmentalists for @BernieSanders  good list. People who've been in the trenches …
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable.
RT @ChadLivengood: .@BernieSanders headed to Flint today for community forum on   via @detroitnews
RT @DREAMerJ_D: Great day knocking doors in Dallas &amp; talking w/ latin@s |  Bernie's message is resonating  is  https://t.…
Woody Guthrie is one of the greatest musicians in history. His songs spoke to the reality of working-class life.

RT @mcbyrne:  text SC to 82623 to find your polling location information.  
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren. 
RT @OKCFOX: Former State Senator @ConnieJ4OK now speaking ahead of Sanders in Tulsa:  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders discovers the Woody Guthrie Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up. Another candidate does not agree.
I do not have a super pac. One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street. One of us does not.
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from @LCVoters. We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change.

RT @hardball: It's back! The  returns tomorrow w/ @BernieSanders live from the Univ. of Chicago  https://t.…
Washington is too busy representing the interests of wealthy campaign contributors to worry about the middle class. 
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is nothing we can't accomplish. 
We need to invest in jobs and job training, rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people.
Excited to be in Kansas City, Missouri to discuss a wide range of issues important to Missourians. Watch live here:

It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.
Vermont, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit  to register ​online by 5PM tonight.
Just a reminder. 
RT @janeosanders: We've been conditioned to believe we have to accept incremental change when what we need is transformative change.
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL. I won't leave 29 million behind.
How we will end childhood poverty in America today? By standing together. As one nation. As a united nation. 
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina. This is wrong and we're gonna change that.
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country on earth.
When we guarantee health care as a right, you take a huge bite out of poverty.
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people. 

RT @evanmcmurry: .@BernieSanders: "I'm a United States senator. I don't hear the word poverty talked about terribly much at all." https://t…
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color.
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders' campaign manager: "His political life began in the civil rights movement"  https:/…
RT @schneidmaster: Just used  to find how to vote absentee in Illinois since I'll be out of town for the primary. It…
RT @VibeMagazine: .@SpikeLee endorses @BernieSanders, believes he will :  
RT @ErikaAndiola: Legisladores y residentes de Colorado en apoyo a @BernieSanders 
RT @TheDemocrats: This is what Democrats believe.  
.@HillaryClinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches. Aren’t we better than that?
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders says he respects Clinton: "In the midst of a campaign crazy things happen, but that's the truth." https://…
RT @postandcourier: "It is too late in my view for establishment politics, establishment economics," says @BernieSanders.  …
¿Qué tipo de país quieres tener?  ¿Estás listo para luchar por él? 
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very, very much. 
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors, over 1,000,000 of them, 27 bucks a piece. That's who I'm indebted to. Not Wall Street.
RT @cascamike: " say vote for me and together when millions of us stand up we can make real change in this country.” — @BernieSanders
Instead of cutting programs for seniors, children and veterans, we are gonna demand large corporations and the wealthy pay their fair share.
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
"My father is from Poland. No one has asked for my birth certificate. Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin." 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform. 
RT @cnnbrk: .@BernieSanders is up first in . Watch CNNgo:  
RT @janeosanders: The arts are essential to our development as human beings and are essential for healthy living.  https://t…
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle: Real change never comes from the top on down. It always comes from the bottom up.
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans, regardless of income.

We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us. 
Join Jane Sanders in Columbia, South Carolina for a conversation on education today. 

We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the promise of equality.

RT @cascamike: raised from small dollar fundraising:

secretary clinton:  percent

sen. sanders:  percent
"When Bernie gets to the White House, he will do the right thing. No flipping, no flopping." - @SpikeLee 

Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country. 
RT @shiftmsnbc: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds campaign rally in Norfolk, Virginia  
.@MrDannyGlover has used his celebrity status in the fight for racial economic justice and I thank him for that. 

"I will certainly look into it." - @HillaryClinton 

Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors.
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.
If you want a candidate who is going to defeat Donald Trump, you’re looking at him. 

RT @Sam_Frizell: Spike Lee endorses @BernieSanders in South Carolina radio ad. "Bernie takes no money from corporations. Nada!" …
"The more people get to know Bernie, what he stands for and his consistency, the more people support him."

RT @BostonGlobe: "Every person in this room has enormous power," Sanders says at UMass Amherst. Watch live: 
RT @BostonGlobe: Watch live: Bernie Sanders holds rally at UMass Amherst  
RT @SusanSarandon: Our Home | "I believe in @BernieSanders because he believes in us." 
RT @alisonkingNECN: Big crowd at @UMass Amherst for @BernieSanders  About 7,000 or more. 
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all.
RT @lesleyclark: I wish I could knock on every door, Danny Glover says, firing up SC voters for @BernieSanders 
New analysis from @WCVI: Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada. 
RT @CBSNLive: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds press conference in Boston  
RT @alisonkingNECN: .@BernieSanders says he's delighted @HillaryClinton has adopted more and more of his positions/language. …
It's been 17 days, 16 hours and 32 minutes since @HillaryClinton said she would "look into" releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street.
This campaign is about bringing people together. We understand that when we stand together, there is nothing we can't accomplish.
RT @BenJealous: @BernieSanders is a movement builder! Lets build the movement!   
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders campaigning in SC with actor Danny Glover. Watch live -  
RT @AneesaSM: HAPPENING NOW: @BernieSanders makes a stop at the Sumter SC prayer breakfast with @mrdannyglover 
There would be nothing that would give me greater pleasure than beating @realDonaldTrump.

Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors. 
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville, volunteers kept calls going strong. Join us:
 
If you want a candidate who’s going to defeat Donald Trump, you’re looking at him.  
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. 
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins. 
Racism, sexism, and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about. 
RT @nancycordes: In Greenville SC, Danny Glover warms up crowd for @BernieSanders: "we make our history right here in this moment!" https:/…
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders in Greenville: "On Saturday, South Carolina has the opportunity to make American history." …
RT @mcbyrne: .@BenJealous "They come out of college indentured servants"  
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders Campaign Rally in Greenville, SC - LIVE AT 5pm ET on C-SPAN   …
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders makes a surprise visit to a Sunday church supper in South Carolina  …
Thank you Rev. Charles Jackson and your congregation for the warm welcome today.

My message to you today is straightforward: If elected president, I will rein in Wall Street so they can’t crash our economy again.
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities.
RT @DemsAbroad: Senator Sanders states that he supports the Safe Country Safe Harbor proposal to reform . 
RT @DemsAbroad: A big thank you, and warm welcome, to @BernieSanders for joining our .
RT @maryaliceparks: Ben Jealous introduces @BernieSanders tells room they should dream big 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes. Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions.
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide.
RT @meetthepress: "She will be outspending  because of her Super PAC" @BernieSanders says on Clinton 
We need to solve problems like immigration in America, not use these issues to promote division and hostility.
RT @ACarmona8: What we learned today is Hillary Clinton's firewall with Latino voters is a myth. 
RT @CBSPolitics: JUST IN: @BernieSanders currently leading @HillaryClinton among Hispanics:   https://t…
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders "We are bringing working people and young people into the political process"  https…
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders  Night Speech - LIVE on C-SPAN  
Proud that we brought many working and young people into the political process. We have the wind at our back as we head into Super Tuesday.
I am very proud of the campaign we ran. Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election.
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward.
RT @CBSNLive: Ent. polls: 79% of voters in  think @BernieSanders "cares about people like me"  https://…
Si estás en la línea del caucus, ¡NO TE VAYAS! No necesitas ID para registrarte. ¿Cualquier pregunta? Llama al 702-778-4336 
RT @nvdems: In line for ? Stay in line and make your voice heard! 
RT @RaniaBatrice: Amazing turnout and lots of excited folks at Wester High School ready to caucus for Bernie! 
RT @SusanSarandon: It's time Nevada, let's do this!    
If you're in line to caucus, DO NOT LEAVE! You don't need ID to caucus or to register to vote. Any issues? Call 702-778-4336.
Tens of thousands of fellow Bernie supporters are on their way to the caucus. Get to your caucus location now. 
Nevada, you've got just enough time to head out and caucus for Bernie. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your caucus location and head over now.
This campaign isn’t about me. This campaign is about US. Nevada, go caucus today at 11am.  
Look up your caucus location here:  
Together, we can send a message that will echo from Wall Street to Washington, from Maine to California. Go caucus. 
Questions or issues about caucusing today? Call our hotline:  
RT @nvdems: If you care about: 

The environment 🌎
Our schools 📚
Young Nevadans🚸 

You need to caucus today! Here's how: …
Nevada: today we caucus. Get to your caucus location by 11am. If there is a large voter turnout, we can win. Join history in the making.
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve.
Nevada, please help us move the political revolution forward! 

RT @NicoleCharky: When @BernieSanders says he wants to  to $15     …
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people. They want real change! 
Nevada, I have a feeling that we are going to make a little bit of history tomorrow! 
Tune in live to Bernie speaking at the Henderson rally before tomorrow's caucus in Nevada: 
RT @chicagotribune: Campaign confirms photo of man arrested at 1963 protest on South Side is Bernie Sanders  https:/…
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders Campaign Rally in Henderson, NV – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN   …
RT @PatrickWalker: Supporters @LucyFlores and Heidi Swank just wrapped up speeches here at @berniesanders' rally  Politics https://…
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American – on time and without delay.
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans, but Social Security was right there with full benefits.
RT @Morning_Joe: Joining us  Jane Sanders, wife of @BernieSanders  
Today, 85% of working men and 66% of working women work more than 40 hours a week. 
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society. 
We must rewrite bad trade agreements like NAFTA. They have been a disaster for the American worker.

RT @ErikaAndiola: Message of Bernie Sanders's New Ad: The Housing Crisis Isn't Over  via @WSJ
ICYMI: "The Clintons, when they were in office, weren’t exactly friends to immigrants." 

Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can't accomplish. 
RT @BSandersBrigade: America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  ht…
Nevada, Bernie can't do this alone. Caucus tomorrow at 11AM.  
Wondering if you're eligible to caucus in Nevada? Help us win Nevada!  
Find your caucus location by texting CAUCUS to 82623!  
RT @ErikaAndiola: 200 Dreamers who were brought by their undocumented parents, converged on Sanders' East Las Vegas office to canvass. http…
RT @Bernlennials: Nicholas want a candidate with the best racial justice platform. How about you?  
Nevada, Look up your caucus location here:   
Welcome to the political revolution. 
Questions or issues? Call our hotline:  
It's time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing. 
Khi ta nói không với sự thù hằn và kì thị chủng tộc, Mỹ sẽ trở nên hùng mạnh và đoàn kết hơn.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough. 
RT @josefmtz: Para todos todo, para nosotros nada.  
RT @jaytheking: Nevada, every vote counts. Take back your Democracy on Saturday.   
RT @People4Bernie: This election isn't about @'s about bringing  and increasing engagement in democracy htt…
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
当我们站在一起，反对种族歧视，仇恨，和偏执，美国将更伟大.  
Nevada, commit to caucus for Bernie:  
RT @funkinatrix: Bernie has said it since day one: He can’t do this alone. This is our movement.   
أمريكا يصبح  أحسن وطن عندما نحن نقف معاً ونقول لا الى العنصرية والكراهية والتعصب الأعمى   
RT @Aled: Honoured to work with @BernieSanders campaign on these translations of my poster.  
जब हम साथ मिलकर जातिवाद, नफरत और कट्टर्ता से इनकार करते हैं, अमेरिका एक बेहतर राष्ट्र बन जाता है। 
RT @pikittakbo: Mas dakila ang Amerika kung tayo’y magkakaisang lalaban sa pagka-mapanlahi, poot, at inhustisya. 
Estados Unidos es un mejor país cuando juntos le decimos NO al racismo, al odio, y la intolerancia.  
RT @RI4Bernie: I believe we must stand together to address the real issues, and not allow them to divide us by race or where we come from. …
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders meets with Nevada voters  
Before Social Security was signed into law, nearly half of our senior citizens lived in poverty.
RT @MoveOn:  is soon!  &amp; make calls 4 @BernieSanders by clicking here:   …
People of color are incarcerated, policed and sentenced to death at significantly higher rates than their white counterparts.
Under my health care plan, people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food, heat and shelter.
Nevada, do you know where your caucus location is? Find it easily here: 
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract! 
This is what a paid @BernieSanders speech looks like:

Don't worry. The $500 payout was given to charity.

"We have to send a clear message, just because your child gets across the border, that doesn't mean the child gets to stay." - HRC, 2014
Flashback: Hillary Clinton: Unaccompanied Minors 'Should Be Sent Back' 
RT @CitizenCohn: .@BernieSanders says scary stories of wait times abroad are mostly myth. He's right. Here's primary care  (1/3) https:/…
RT @ErikaAndiola: Really @HillaryClinton? It's ok to oppose licenses for our undocumented people because you support CIR?? That's exactly t…
Glad to hear @HillaryClinton's promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin.
29 million Americans don’t have health insurance.

31 million are underinsured.

That’s rationing. Those are wait times.


RT @AARPadvocates: .@BernieSanders: When I talk about democratic socialism, I am talking about Social Security. 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:
✅ Social Security
✅ Minimum Wage
✅ Medicare and Medicaid
✅ 40-hour work week

I've talked to too many young Latin@s scared that tomorrow their mom or dad may be deported. We must unite, not divide families.
RT @meetthepress: WATCH from tonight's : 'Do away with mandatory minimum sentences'  
Every child in America, regardless of their family's income, must be able to get the education they deserve. It's not a radical idea.
"Today in 2016, in many respects, a college degree is the equivalent of what a high school degree was 50 years ago." 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders: Instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires … put money into the hands of working people. 
We have gotta rewrite bad trade agreements like the TPP and NAFTA which displace millions of people.  
RT @JohnFetterman: .@BernieSanders rightfully points out the pay gap for women, and how it gets worse for women of color. 
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers.  
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements. 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for @HillaryClinton to do the same.
"It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty." 
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers. The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard.
"This country owes Senator Harry Reid a debt of gratitude." 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders on government surveillance: I am very fearful about Big Brother  
Clinton Electability Faces Scrutiny:  via Mark Gersh
Nevada, do you know how you are getting to the Caucus on Saturday? let us know if you need a ride: 
"Si uno toma dinero de los poderosos acabará teniendo que devolver el favor." - Rogelio Llamas, Nevada

I voted against the war in Iraq. I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East.
RT @pussyrrriot: People can sense the truth when they get to hear it.

¡Viva los revolucionarios! ¡Viva Bernie! 

 …
Nevada, do you know what time you need to be there on Saturday, Feb 20? That one is easy: plan to be there at 11am. 

"democracy is essentially a pro-active citizenry demanding public servants represent just causes." -@MrDannyGlover

We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right, not a privilege.
Businesses would save over $9,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan.
Powered by folks like you all across NV, we'll show that the people, standing united, shouldn't be underestimated. 

Nuestro compromiso debe ser siempre defender a las familias trabajadoras, no premiar a los bancos de Wall Street.

With the Nevada caucus on Saturday, I want to know what your plan is to get there and make your voice heard. 
RT @LVBurke: Civil Rights Ldrs mtg w @BernieSanders just started after opening statements by all @MARCMORIAL @rolandsmartin …
Inequality Will Not Go Away On Its Own. Here’s How to Close the Gap. via @thenation 
RT @scdp: New @ChairChats w/ @BenJealous on his time with the @NAACP &amp; his support for @BernieSanders  …
RT @NBCLatino: .@BernieSanders' :  strongly supporting 'El Bernie' by @SuzGamboa 
 …
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders in DC meeting with leaders of several civil rights organizations this morning. 
RT @FernandoPeinado: Cuando @BernieSanders habla del "fraude" de Wall Street muchos asienten en Nevada  …
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
RT @dsamuelsohn: Inside the @BernieSanders app factory w/ his army of coders @politico 
The political revolution continues in Nevada, but we can’t do it without you. If we show up on caucus day, we can win—it’s that simple.
RT @Residente: Todos los latinoamericanos que viven en Estados Unidos y defienden las leyes en favor de los inmigrantes deberían votar por …
RT @josefmtz: Bienvenido @marcoregil a Las Vegas. Ya está haciendo llamadas para apoyar a @BernieSanders.  …
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store: 

RT @OBEYGIANT:  shirts avail. NOW!     @BernieSanders …
Nevada, participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus:  
Ben Cohen stopped by three of our SC offices today to talk about ending Citizens United. Here he is in Greenville. 
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy.  
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty in this country. 
The Red Hot @ChiliPeppers have a message for 

If there is a high turnout on Saturday, I think we can win. I urge you all: come out with your family and caucus. 
RT @LCAgingOrgs: "We pay much much more than any other country for prescription  are cutting pills in half." -@BernieSanders…
RT @LCAgingOrgs: "If you lift the cap, you can extend the solvency of # expand benefits." - @BernieSanders …
Too often, issues pertaining to seniors don't get enough discussion so I am glad we are having this event. 
I'll be speaking soon about Social Security, high drug prices and  Medicare at . Watch LIVE here: 
Missouri's voter registration deadline is today, and it's an OPEN primary! Visit  for details.
Your volunteer shifts are working and we are almost there. Sign up for as many phone bank shifts as you can: 
People in American jails are disproportionately people of color. That’s the reality in America today. That’s a reality that has to change.
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the  and global economy.
I believe when we stand together, when we share the vision that government should work for all of us, there is nothing we can't accomplish.
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That is what this campaign is about. That is the political revolution.
RT @BenJealous: Bernie has heeded Dr. King's advice: a genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus …
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
I ask you to join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top. 
RT @Jeremy11alive: Feel the Bern: on stage now, @berniesanders at @Morehouse  
RT @11AliveNews: WATCH LIVE: @KillerMike introduces @BernieSanders at :  
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
RT @Jeremy11alive: How @Morehouse welcomes @BernieSanders VIDEO: 
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty -  the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth.
When voter turnout is high, Democrats and progressives win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win.
Learn what you need to know to caucus for Bernie in Nevada! Then commit to caucus here: 

Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process. 
RT @DSladeNews: Crowd on their feet applauding Bernie Sanders for saying no to super pacs and Wall Street money 
RT @JustinBamberg: Yet another packed house. @BernieSanders addressed the crowd in Charleston, SC.  
✊🏽🇺🇸✊🏽🔥🔥 …
"Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color." - South Carolina Rep. Wendell Gilliard 
RT @maryaliceparks: Eric Garner's daughter Erica joins @BernieSanders in SC 
We have today a corrupt campaign finance system which is undermining American democracy. 

Illinois' registration deadline is today, but the state also has grace-period in select locations. Visit  for info!
RT @kenclarkforaz: I've endorsed @SenSanders because I see his willingness to speak truth to power.  …
RT @WPJohnWagner: ‘Single-issue’ candidate Bernie Sanders touches on 20 issues during a Michigan campaign stop 
RT @WLOS_13: WATCH  Bernie Sanders speaks at a town hall in Columbia, SC.  
Florida and Ohio, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary. Visit  to register now!
RT @Morehouse: Feel the Bern HBCU Tour stops  @Morehouse  -  
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children.

With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks, we’ll need to be ready. Sign up for a volunteer shift: 
RT @4029Pedro: .@BernieSanders supporters are gathering early outside the Crawford County Courthouse for today's early voting! …
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders describes his meeting with families in Flint at a massive rally in Michigan 
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
RT @WPJohnWagner: In Nevada, a tightening race threatens Clinton’s post-New Hampshire ‘firewall,’ w/ @daveweigel 
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together. Join us: 
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States.
The Constitution is very clear: @POTUS has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices. Let's have a hearing and a vote.
Excited to be visiting South Carolina tomorrow starting with a Town Hall with @JustinBamberg in the morning. 
Proud to have the support of Peace Action. 

RT @ChadLivengood: .@BernieSanders being introduced by another Bernie: UAW Local 600 President Bernie Ricke. 
Paid family and medical leave, health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth.
RT @JustinBamberg: Columbia, SC. Tuesday at Allen University. Pull up.  
South Carolina, please join me with Representative Gilliard for a town hall in Charleston tomorrow afternoon: 
RT @Wej12:  @BernieSanders draws big crowd at Eastern Michigan.    via @bfp_news …
RT @nytimes: The battle for the Democratic nomination in Nevada is largely being waged by young Latinos  …
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high. When people come together and we reject division. Register to vote: 
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
Join me in Atlanta tomorrow for a rally with @ninaturner, @KillerMike, @JustinBamberg and @MrDannyGlover! RSVP here: 
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big. When the people lead, the leaders follow. 
Alabama, today is the last day for you to register to vote. Visit  to register today and help us win!
RT @detroitnews: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders is speaking live at @EMU_Swoop  
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders ripped into Republicans for their continued denial of climate change

RT @kelcollison: This is what it looks like when Bernie gives 48 hour notice that he's coming to Michigan!  …
Civil rights icon and entertainer @HarryBelafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America.

RT @Frances_Fisher: How @BernieSanders pays for his proposals.   
We do not represent the interests of Wall Street or the billionaire class. We don't want their money. This is a people's campaign.
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in  history at this point in a campaign.
You can have a different point of view on immigration or anything else, but we cannot be attacking people because of their religion.
RT @TheAtlantic: The pragmatic case for Bernie Sanders  
I am glad to see the Colorado Springs @PPRockyMountain health center reopen today.   
Next time you hear a politician talking about “family values,” ask yourself if they support measures which really help working families.
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice!
We have the momentum here in Nevada but I need your help. This is it. Sign up for a volunteer shift right now: 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.
Thank you Dr. Fowler and your congregation for the warm welcome today at service. 
Happy Valentine's Day from Nevada! 
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation. I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail.
RT @MoveOn:  and make phone calls 4 @BernieSanders!    
Our campaign is funded by the people, others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest.
RT @jgillanNews3LV: Says Lucy Flores: I believe now we need a political revolution. @BernieSanders @News3LV 
RT @joshbhaskell: Just met  month old Oliver Jack Carter Lomas @BernieSanders Las Vegas rally. His mom says he's a  https://t…
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us. That doesn't solve problems, it makes them worse. 

Here in NV we send a strong message to the country: we will not stand for establishment politics. 
RT @shiftmsnbc: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds rally in Las Vegas  
RT @AnneClaireCNN: Crowd waits for @BernieSanders at Bonanza HS in Vegas. Chants of "Feel the Bern" ripple across the gym …
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group. 
RT @jgillanNews3LV: On the @BernieSanders beat today. Lots of people at Bonanza feelin' the Bern. @News3LV 
America is about standing together as one people, not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality.
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did, and lied about it to protect their bottom line.
RT @FaceTheNation: "The momentum is with us, and we're going to do quite well in South Carolina,"  @BernieSanders tells @jdickerson
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
RT @ErinBrockovich: I've joined @BernieSanders in a call to save our water system -  THIS IS A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY …
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders hopes Pres. Obama nominates replacement for Scalia "as soon as possible"  https://t…
RT @FaceTheNation: Senator @BernieSanders will be on  this morning. Don't miss it!
RT @MSNBC: .@TheRevAl interviewed @BernieSanders on @PoliticsNation. Here's what Sanders said about the . …
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Coming up on @FoxNewsSunday: Democratic Presidential Candidate @BernieSanders  
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders: "We need healthcare in the United States for all people." Tune in to @MSNBC to watch @TheRevAl's interview.
RT @cascamike: .@ErinBrockovich and @BernieSanders in today’s @freep:  just one example of need to upgrade water supply …
As President, I will make public colleges and universities free, and we’re going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation.
RT @coloradodems: Listening the @BernieSanders at the !  
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry.
GOTV for our campaign in Nevada is under way. I need your help. Sign up for a shift:
 
RT @greenpeaceusa: .@BernieSanders has signed the pledge to . We urge @HillaryClinton to sign too  http…
RT @flobots: Nice to meet you @berniesanders 
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution. 

$15 and a union - a phrase that won't be heard at tonight’s . That’s why we organize. 
RT @People4Bernie: We're not gonna be divided,we're gonna stand together &amp;we're gonna create a nation we know we can be  htt…
This looks to me like a group of people who are prepared to make a political revolution.  
RT @Chicago4Bernie: "I have been criticized for thinking too boldly, too big. 'We have to think small' they say" Crow loudly disagrees …
True freedom does not occur without economic security.  
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Part of the crowd in downtown Denver awaiting the arrival of Bernie Sanders. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing. 
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle." - MLK

Flashback: Sanders Endorses Jesse Jackson for President in ‘88

RT @AneesaSM: HAPPENING NOW: @es_snipes is back in SC to fire up our Charleston team before they canvass!  …
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty.
Watch Erica Garner's powerful endorsement of our campaign:

RT @LucyFlores: @SuVotoEsSuVoz Latino Vote Summit w/ @RepGrijalvaCS speaking on behalf of @BernieSanders   …
This is it. I need you now to make this political revolution a reality. Volunteer for as many shifts as you can. 
Tune in  live here: 
The  pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs; 1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions.
RT @coloradodems: If you can't join us at the  tonight with @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders tune in live! …
RT @KatrinaNation: Lawrence Korb/ How Bernie Sanders Is a Realist &amp; More Serious on Foreign Policy Than You Think 
RT @PeaceAction: "5 Top Reasons Why Bernie Sanders Would Be Best President for " @commondreams  …
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage. 
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden, this country has come a long way economically. 
RT @dhmontgomery: Sanders: "progressives and Democrats win when voter turnout is high. Our job is to create a high voter turnout. "
RT @dhmontgomery: Sanders: "I want to thank the Democrats of Minnesota for making sure that Paul's work and more importantly his vision is …
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt.
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. 

It's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message."
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for @HillaryClinton to do the same.
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton’s Immigration Comments 
RT @UniNoticias: .@BernieSanders critica el programa migratorio que otorga poderes especiales a las policías locales. …
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers.
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows.
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders rechazó las recientes redadas de deportación en el . 
RT @MoveOn: Musical legend @harrybelafonte endorses @BernieSanders! WATCH:    …
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders criticizes @HillaryClinton for her closeness with former Sec. of State Henry Kissinger.  https:/…
"I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend, and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy." 
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense, which is the one major agency that has refused an audit. 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians. 

A people-powered campaign:
✅  contributions
✅ More than 1M donors
✅ Average contribution &lt; $30
  
About 85 percent of @HillaryClinton's campaign money has come from large donors. 
We don’t use children to “send a message."
Fact check on @HillaryClinton: "They should be sent back…"

It is appalling that @HillaryClinton insisted that minors be shipped back to their country of origin like a package marked return to sender.
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up. 
RT @ErikaAndiola: "When we have more people in jail, mostly Black and Latino, we know we need to invest in education, not incarceration." -…
We need radical, not incremental, reforms in our criminal justice system. 
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. That is an unspeakable tragedy. 
Young people in this country know exactly what they're doing. They know we need big change, not just small steps. 
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals. Hint: it's on this site:  
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people: the United States. 
The truth: 29 million Americans have no health insurance, 31 million are uninsured. Only one candidate has a plan to change that. 
We need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have got to be bold. 
Tune in tonight to the PBS . Watch at 9pm ET on PBS or CNN or stream online here:  
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism.
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans. That is going to change.
In the industrialized world, the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty. That's outrageous.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Entertainer Harry Belafonte makes his endorsement of Bernie Sanders official with a video 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Please help us win: 
Banking should help our communities, not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy.

No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.
RT @BenJealous: Why more and more of us are supporting @BernieSanders every day!    via msnbc
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight! Turns out the Ed Sullivan Theater is on the road from New Hampshire to South Carolina. 
…
"We set a goal of raising $6 million today and you already crushed that goal. Let's try $7 million." - Jeff Weaver 
I am moved by the fact that our campaign’s financial support comes from more than  million individual contributions at an average of $27.
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@ScottPelley talks with @BernieSanders in Brooklyn about what’s ahead in South Carolina:  https…
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@BernieSanders grew up in Brooklyn, a son of Jewish immigrants, in a home of modest means. @ScottPelley has  ht…
RT @ScottPelley: Just interviewed @BernieSanders in Brooklyn where he grew up for tonight's @CBSEveningNews.  …
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities. We need to raise the minimum wage.
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college.
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family, and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around.
“I’m going to hold a fundraiser right here, right now, across America." - Last night, NH 


As President, let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will.
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money, but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes.
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 

Happening now: Bernie on @TheView on ABC. Tune in!
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country. The people want real change.
RT @TheView: TODAY: @BernieSanders joins our co-hosts LIVE for an exclusive interview after his  win.  …
Never forget: When voter turnout is high, Democrats win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win.
What we confirmed tonight is that we're building the political revolution our nation needs. This is your movement. 
The media says we’re going to win but we can't take anything for granted. Please, stay in line and practice democracy. Every vote matters.
When we stand together, we win. Thank you, New Hampshire! 
Not sure where to vote? That's OK! You still have time. Lookup your polling location at  
Have any questions or issues with voting in today's ? Call our hotline: 
When that happens, they will say it all started tonight in New Hampshire. Go out and say  in the . 
We’ve leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections.  
There is no bank that is too big to fail, no banker too powerful to jail.  
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change.  
Health care is recognized as a right for every man, woman, and child.  
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt.  
I want you to imagine eight years from now: The minimum wage is a living wage.  
RT @NationalNurses: RN Patty Healey breaks down all the reasons she's canvassing for @BernieSanders today in NH.   ht…
New Hampshire, by voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class. 
Today, the eyes of the entire country are on New Hampshire. Bring your friends and go vote in the !

Voting for Bernie in the ? Use  and share this image! 
RT @kartpath: Its Primary Day, so @BernieSanders made a surprise stop at a polling place in Concord! 
Thank you to all of our volunteers currently getting out the vote in the Granite State.  
RT @TheView: TOMORROW: Get ready to  when Senator @BernieSanders hits the Hot Topics table LIVE. 
RT @rbecker51: .@BernieSanders supporters from Florida just delivered a truckload of water to our Flint, MI HQ  …
RT @CWAUnion: Go @BernieSanders, Go! @CWAUnion and union allies are working hard for you in the !  
"I'm Ben. And, I'm Jerry. I'm a person. And I'm a person.  Ben &amp; Jerry's, not a person. 

Go out and vote today!"

Questions or issues voting in the New Hampshire Primary today? Call our Hotline: 
Need to look up your polling location?
 
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald’s must work when they are sick just because they can’t afford to stay home.
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary! 
New Hampshire, if turnout is high today, I believe we will win. I urge you to come out and vote today. Thank you.
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch. First votes cast in the .
RT @Laura_GomezRod: Líderes de  respaldan a @BernieSanders y su revolución política:   https://t…
We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
Thank you IBEW Local 357 for your support. 

This is a people's campaign. 
RT @anitakumar01: .@BernieSanders takes the stage for his final rally before  
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. 
Woah! Big turnout for our  rally at @UofNH! 
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. 
RT @jaketapper: Fmr. NAACP CEO makes tough critique of Clinton record  - @BenJealous on 
RT @emrata:   
RT @mcbyrne: Thanks @EdwardSharpe the Magnetic Zeroes for supporting @BernieSanders  
We must increase the min. wage to $15, which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos.  
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods

RT @Bernlennials: We will only defeat establishment politics and transform establishment economics when we .  https://…
RT @TexasForBernie: "The Billionaire class has never dealt w a threat like ours. I'm sure if  WE WILL WIN"  ht…
RT @emrata: 💕 I'm happy to b in NH w/ @berniesanders &amp; to speak at the rally tonight! I will be on approx 5:50  …
RT @Dulce__Saenz: Si el medio ambiente fuera un banco, desde cuando que lo hubieran salvado.  @marrtasilva @ProtegeteCO
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives. 
Are you ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! 
RT @DREAMerJ_D: Debemos mantener a las familias unidas y acabar con las deportaciones masivas. 
RT @MoveOn: We're just getting started.      
If there is a high turnout tomorrow, I think we are going to win. I urge you all: come out and vote. 

Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une. Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones. 
RT @Latinos4Bernie: Ready to ? It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet!
👉 https…
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
RT @WorkingFamilies: Look who surprised  vols in Concord, NH! @BernieSanders  
New Hampshire: Come out and vote tomorrow. Let's transform America.  
RT @williamecurley: We have an obligation to take care of the people who fight for us.  
RT @Brotherlab: Stand together to address the real issues, and not allow them to divide us by gender or race.  …
RT @ErikaAndiola: Tenemos que ver a los DREAMers como lo que son: chicos estadounidenses que merecen permanecer en el país que es su hogar.…
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer. El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo. 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together.  
New Hampshire: tomorrow you have a chance to . Commit to vote for Bernie:  
RT @Women4Bernie: "We must stand with our sister &amp; demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work"   http…
RT @HidalgoSanders: America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  https:…
When we stand together, we win. 

RT @BerniesBerners:  will lead us on our path toward the . Because together we can!  https://…
To those who want to divide us up: We’re not gonna hate Latinos. We’re not gonna hate Muslims. We are going to stand TOGETHER. 
Our job is not to divide. Our job is to bring people together.  
RT @People4Bernie: We've marched in the streets, now to  it's time to  
RT @IL9CD4Bernie: Debemos unirnos y combatir los problemas que afectan a nuestro país, y no dejar que nos dividan por raza o lugar de orige…
RT @pikittakbo: Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation, not allow them to divide us.  
RT @BernieTampaBay: With high voter turnout, we will win. New Hampshire, we are counting on you.   http…
RT @GRForSanders: When we  we're building a future that works for ALL of us. Not just a few.  …
Standing together, we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs.  
Is everyone ready for a radical idea this morning? 

RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds a "Get Out The Vote" rally in Nashua, New Hampshire  …
We have come a long way in New Hampshire. Please come out to vote tomorrow tonight.  
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.
When it comes to supporting real family values, the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth.
Raúl Grijalva: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas

Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America.  
RT @AneesaSM: Catch @BenJealous live from SC as he joins @FWhitfield on @CNN to discuss his endorsement of @BernieSanders …
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all.
RT @kartpath: A big, big crowd in Portsmouth feelin the bern today, just two days before ! 
RT @maryaliceparks: 1200 ppl here in Portsmouth at @BernieSanders event according to campaign. Crowd is excited, they know his speech https…
RT @WMUR9: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders is holding a rally in Portsmouth:   
Want real change? Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire.  


African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters.
RT @rennycushing: Vote Sanders and help abolish the death penalty  via @seacoastonline
The  needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security.
If you want at least four more years of Larry David on @NBCSNL, vote for Bernie!  

RT @MSNBC: Former NAACP president on why he's supporting @BernieSanders instead of @HillaryClinton:  …
RT @nbcsnl: Tonight's show was one for the ages. Thanks to @BernieSanders, @RedHourBen, @the1975 and of course Larry David!  https://t.…
RT @nbcsnl: Official proof that they're not the same person after all.  
RT @nbcsnl: @BernieSanders Nice Twitter avatar, Senator. 
RT @NYTnickc: Hey, that’s a different avatar for @BernieSanders 
"Things in New Hampshire are pretty, pretty, pretty good!" Help us win:  
RT @nbcsnl: Bernie, Larry. Larry, Bernie.  
RT @nbcsnl: Feeling it.  
RT @nbcsnl: What, you think a rope line isn't infested with germs?  
Tune in to "Bern your Enthusiasm" right now on @nbcsnl!  

Live from New York it's Saturday Night! 

What did I think of the ? Not good enough. Watch @nbcsnl instead. 
RT @BenJealous: Campaigning for @BernieSanders with @es_snipes, daughter of Eric Garner in @SC4Bernie @BernieSanders  https://t…
Unilateral military action should be a last resort, not a first resort.
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire.  
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia.

RT @BenJealous: Enough said.  
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win.

RT @UniPolitica: Si el dreamer Héctor Salamanca hubiera podido participar, su precinto habría ido a @BernieSanders. Aquí su historia
https:…
Nurses are out in force today getting out the vote in Salem, NH.  
RT @DREAMerJ_D: Join us today at the  rally in . Education activists here know how to build a  https:…
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet, not hidden fees and rising prices.  
Mississippi's voter registration deadline is today. Democracy is not a spectator sport. Register to vote now: 
Millions of Americans lost their jobs, homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street.  
RT @MarcNECN: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders speaks in New Hampshire. 
RT @BetteMidler: "The business model for Wall Street is FRAUD"!! Wow.  That is something no one has ever said.  Bernie said it.  I am stunn…
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials.
RT @BenJealous: I am proud to endorse Bernie Sanders. Please read my endorsement 
Remember: this government belongs to all of us, not just a few wealthy campaign donors.  
RT @rubycramer: "I have been criticized because I believe that all of our people in this great country are entitled to health care," says @…
To big pharma we say loud and clear: your days of raising drug prices off the charts are over.  
On our worst days, it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days.  
Excited to be in Rindge tomorrow morning at the Franklin Pierce University Fieldhouse! Doors open at 9am. More info: 
RT @DannyEFreeman: "I’m proud to endorse @BernieSanders for President of the United States," former NAACP leader Ben Jealous told the press…
RT @NolanDMcCaskill: .@BenJealous: @BernieSanders "is the type of leader we can trust to fight for the future  nation's children" h…
Gov. Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing.
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying. 
It's unacceptable that billionaires and corporations can contribute as much as they want to elect those who represent special interests.
I urge Sec. Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security. 

"Surprisingly, American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance. We just don't get it." 

We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters’ ability to participate.
Join the political revolution in New Hampshire today.  
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors.
RT @mrdannyglover: I want  to win the Democratic ticket. Here's why: 
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes.
Oklahoma's voter registration deadline is today and Mississippi's is tomorrow. Take part in democracy! Register now: 
RT @kartpath: .@BernieSanders addressing an overflow crowd standing outside despite a snowstorm. 
RT @ddale8: Full house for Bernie Sanders in Exeter. New Hampshire has cool town halls. 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time. 
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders will join @jaketapper on  this Sunday ahead of Tuesday's   
RT @AriRabinHavt: See why @MarkRuffalo supports @BernieSanders from my interview with him this AM 
RT @SSWorks: Hillary Clinton's current position on  leaves the door open for benefit cuts. She needs to fix that: https://t.…
Huffington Post: Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life.

RT @ThisHour: Ex-NAACP Head endorses @BernieSanders, @VanJones68 + @RobertGBeckel weigh in on the significance of the endorsement.
https://…
RT @gov: Most-Tweeted  Moment: Sanders says "The business model of Wall Street is Fraud." 
On our worst days, it's fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate. 
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants. 
You aren't going to accomplish what we need for working families as long as big money interests control the US Congress. 
RT @MichiganDems: @BernieSanders - "The idea that there has not been a dramatic response is beyond comprehension."  …
RT @CBSNews: In response to  question on capital punishment, @BernieSanders says:  
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA, I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA. 
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair. 
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get. 
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems. There are no excuses. Gov. Snyder should resign. 
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Latin@s. We must abolish it. 
Fewer email questions. More questions about protecting women’s reproductive health. 
RT @TelemundoNews: : "Los demócratas ganan cuando muchos salen a votar  republicanos ganan cuando la gente está desmoraliz…
RT @ErikaAndiola: Did you know that @BernieSanders is the only candidate who has called for deported Veterans to return? Yes, it is …
If you can't afford to take care of our veterans, then don't send them to war.  
RT @RaniaKhalek: Half the "foreign policy experts" Clinton cited as opposing Sanders have ties to military contractors …
Experience is important, but so is judgment. And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War. The other didn't. 
Es difícil ser un progresista real y enfrentar al establecimiento cuando dependes del dinero de Wall St y de farmacéuticas. 
It’s easy to apologize for making bad decisions. It’s harder to make the right ones. 
Nosotros no representamos los intereses de los multimillonarios, de Wall St o de corporaciones. Nosotros no queremos su dinero. 
RT @mateagold:  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
It's hard to be a real progressive and take on the establishment when you've become dependent on Wall St. and drug company money. 
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money. 
Skip the commercials and watch Bernie take on Alan Greenspan.  

Let's ask why we pay by far the highest drugs prices and they can double tomorrow and there is nothing the gov't can do about it. 
I am pretty proud that we have over  million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  
RT @cascamike: the difference between secretary clinton and bernie sanders on universal health care is simple: he has a plan and she doesn’…
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am the only one on stage without a super PAC. 
RT @cascamike: .@BernieSanders has a plan to put 13 million americans back to work. you should read it here:  …
ICYMI    
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: I believe health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
"I don't believe in free college.” - @HillaryClinton
Bernie’s education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education. 
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average. 
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's rigged by Wall Street and that's the problem. 
Remember: this is our movement. Watch tonight's  and : 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders gets major endorsement from former NAACP Chairman @BenJealous:  (Pic: Getty) …
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.  
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of.  
RT @NECN: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders about to take the stage in   
I will never hesitate to defend this nation, but I will never send our sons and daughters to war under false pretense.
We need to ensure that workers have the skills, equipment, and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy.
Standing room only at our Bernstorm in Colorado Springs yesterday! Get involved:  
Ben and Jerry stopped by our Portsmouth office today! Find your local office here:  
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
RT @WPJohnWagner: Former NAACP leader Ben Jealous to endorse Bernie Sanders 
We’re proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's support in Nevada.
Donald Trump's racist comments and ideas are not what America is about.
Excited to be hosting a Get Out the Vote Rally today in Rochester, New Hampshire. RSVP here: 
You’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am walking the walk.
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton clash over 'progressive' label 
RT @kenvogel: Hillary boasting about all the small donors supporting her. Here's where she ranked in % of Q4 $ from small donors. https://t…
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it. 
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues. 
Change has always come from the bottom on up. That's what every major movement has been about. That's what we need right now. 
Bernie worked with Sen. McCain and Rep. Miller to pass the most comprehensive veterans affairs bill in modern history. 
My spirituality is that we are all in this together. When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me. 
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans, not a privilege. 
RT @ElizLanders: "If it saves me on health insurance premiums, I'll gladly pay more taxes," says NH resident to @BernieSanders' proposal to…
A family making $50,000 would save $5,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan.  
Tune in to the  right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future – the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now.
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair.

Some other  
Of course. There is no debate about this among progressives. 
RT @NECN: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders speaks in   
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country.
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq. One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States.
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one. Honestly, it wasn’t that complicated.
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They didn't have to think about it a whole lot.
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street.
You can be a moderate. You can be a progressive. But you cannot be a moderate and a progressive.
RT @Residente: Bernie Sanders lleva más de 30 años abogando por la gente trabajadora y la clase baja de los EEUU @BernieSanders …
Q. Do you think @HillaryClinton is a progressive?
A. Some days, yes. Other days she announces she is a moderate.

Congrats to @DREAMerJ_D, one of our Latino Outreach Strategist, for becoming the first DREAMer lawyer in the State of NY today! Very proud.
"You know, I get accused of being kind of moderate and  I plead guilty." - @HillaryClinton, Sept. 10, 2015. 
It's immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@morningmika asks: Are you going to debate @HillaryClinton tomorrow night? @BernieSanders: The answer is - yes. https://t…
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders: I believe public colleges and universities should be  These are not such radical ideas
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders joins us in the 8AM hour!  
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking.  
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration.
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country. Disproportionately African-American and Latino.
RT @BostonGlobe: .@BernieSanders in New Hampshire: "Last night, we began the political revolution."  …
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees. It's Wall Street's time to help the middle class.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders sets his sights on New Hampshire and beyond. Tune in TOMORROW!  
Blitzer: "The debate in New York City that they want. Are you accepting that?"

Clinton: ""

RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders addresses voters in Claremont, New Hampshire:

The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done.  
In the year 2016, public colleges and universities should be tuition free. How will we pay for it? We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation.
Last night, we began the political revolution not just in Iowa, not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation. 
This moment requires a political revolution with millions of people coming together. Watch our rally in Keene live: 
RT @EricaMouraNEWS: Actress Eliza Dushku is speaking to the crowd stating she backs Sanders because of his platform to create a socio-econo…
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money.
RT @evanhalper: Onto NH! Crowd swarms downtown Keene in anticipation of @BernieSanders  In an hour and a half. 
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election. 
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along: when we stand together, anything is possible.
RT @cascamike: .@BernieSanders welcomed to new hampshire by a raucous crowd. "what time is it?" he asks. 
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us  
Want real change? Caucus tonight for Bernie Sanders. And bring the folks with you. 

RT @ireneberns:  IOWA!!! Show up to  like you do at his rallys. Please, we're with you! He's with us …
Don't know how to  tonight? It's easy! Head to your local caucus location and watch this:

Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people. 
RT @MoveOn: :   @berniesanders   
RT @kalpenn: Exciting day ! Nothing's decided. Support a candidate who's strong on education, jobs, &amp; human rights.  @…
They say you don't care. They say you won't caucus. They say we can't win. Prove them wrong. 

RT @elizadushku: Together, we can dismantle this corrupt political system — one vote at a time. I BELIEVE THIS TO BE TRUE! @BernieSanders #…
RT @AaronRegunberg: Dreaming big is the only way we will achieve real change in America. That's why I'm proud to support @BernieSanders. …
RT @Latinos4Bernie: ? Awesome! Voice your choice in ! Find your  location:  ht…
RT @jhutch1992: this campaign is about transforming America!
 
 
RT @NaomiAKlein: Action or inaction in the next 5 years will determine the future for generations to come.  
En la Democracia tu presencia es tu voz. Iowa hoy escuchará a la comunidad Latina.  
RT @Iowa4Bernie: If you're 18 by the general election you can  in  
Get out there and show your support! https://…
RT @YoBenCohen: Bernie voted against the Iraq War – one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history.  …
Commit to  in :   
RT @_Julio_Caesar: Some of these @Latinos4Bernie will  today! Others are knocking on 🚪🚪 &amp; ☎️ banking! 💪 htt…
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty. 
Sanders super PAC haul

$

This is a people's campaign. 

Look up your caucus location to  in :  
Questions or issues on how to ? Call our hotline:  
RT @stephencbishop: Are you ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! …
RT @feelthebernorg: Iowa, help us make history tonight with an unprecedented victory in your state.   https://t…
Football is a spectator sport. Democracy is not a spectator sport.  
We win tonight if turnout is high. Bring your friends and family. Come out and  in .

RT @NaomiAKlein: People of Iowa: Today you get to make a choice that would give countless people better choices. Jobs, Justice + Climate Ac…
Together we can build a future that works for all of us, not just the few on top.  
RT @Women4Bernie: You Can Caucus, You Can Help!   @People4Bernie @Bernlennials  …
RT @wilw: Iowa! You ready to  and start a revolution?! Visit  to get all the info you need. …
RT @YoBenCohen: Bernie will only appoint judges to the Supreme Court who will be committed to repeal . 
RT @Frances_Fisher: Are you ready to ? It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! …
RT @People4Bernie:  because THEY say you won't show up. It's time to prove them all wrong! Onward through the snow! https:/…
RT @GRForSanders: It's seriously this easy. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your precinct location for today's caucuses.  http…
RT @jhutch1992: Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people. …
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can’t accomplish.  
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. 

RT @DREAMerJ_D: Juntos podemos desmantelar este corrupto sistema político — un voto a la vez.   2016 …
RT @SusanSarandon: Ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet!  http…
We’re going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back. It starts with you. 
RT @ProjectBernie16: There is a future where Bernie Sanders is our President. This Is Our Future.    ht…
RT @GatorsEite23: It is time to ! :) It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! …
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. Together, we will do that. 

RT @MoveOn: : @RBReich on @BernieSanders is everything.   

We've got a message from @JustinLong. Hint: he wants you to caucus today. 

RT @MoveOn: : No  in @BernieSanders' cabinet.    
RT @MarkPontius: If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
The revolution starts today. Iowa, come out and caucus.   
Iowa, let's make a little bit of history today. Come out and caucus.  
This is our country, and it's time we took it back from the billionaire class. Today, we come together to say, "Enough is enough."
RT @UniPolitica: Este dreamer que no puede votar hace campaña por @BernieSanders en Iowa. Video completo aquí 
https…
RT @MMFlint: Tonight I officially endorse @BernieSanders for President. Read my endorsement letter here:  https://t.…
It is absurd that one family (the Waltons of @Walmart) has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry.
When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
RT @SiCarswell: Raucous crowd greeted @BernieSanders on stage. "Sounds like you want to make a political revolution," he says. …
Let me say it loudly and clearly: I believe that health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy. Together, we're gonna stop that. 
RT @SiCarswell: @BernieSanders at last rally of his Iowa campaign before caucuses tomorrow night 
The revolution starts here. The revolution starts now. 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that "can’t get done in Washington.” Couldn't disagree more.
I do not represent corporate America and I don’t want their money.
I am proud to tell you that I am the only candidate on the Democratic side that does not have a super PAC.
Dreamers and young Latin@s getting out the caucus. Don't know how to caucus? It's easy:  
RT @Latinos4Bernie: Are you ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet!   http…
RT @tlfiegen: Let's  
We are  
Anupama is asking Iowans to . If you're not in Iowa you can help by going to  
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money.
RT @mateagold: Bernie Sanders's campaign brings in jaw-dropping $20 million in January 
Any Democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus Monday for Sen. Bernie Sanders.

The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth.  
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low.
RT @goberniepod: , please  Info:  @Iowa4Bernie phone bank:  🎧pod: https:…
Sec. Clinton and I have differences of opinion. Let’s debate those differences, not go around distorting records.

RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders: If working and young people vote tomorrow, "we're going to pull off one of the great political upsets in …
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders: If the turnout is high, "we've got a real shot"   
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders tells @jaketapper he is poised to score one of the great upsets in political history if new people participate…
Up next I’ll be on ABC’s @ThisWeekABC and CNN’s @CNNSotu. Tune in! 
RT @ErikaAndiola: The energy in the room is palpable! Bernie Sanders with @VampireWeekend &amp; @JHutch1992   https:…
RT @cascamike: “any democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus monday for @BernieSanders” — @qctimes https:/…
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months. The momentum is with us.  
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana. That is absurd and it is destroying lives. 
RT @KThomasDC: Big crowd awaiting @BernieSanders in Iowa City. 
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout. To get people involved in the political process. 
RT @katarinasinfamy: had a lovely afternoon phone banking for @BernieSanders   
Live stream from Iowa City with @vampireweekend @fosterthepeople @jillsobule and others: 
RT @jeffrae: Thousands marching in  now in support of Bernie Sanders  
RT @People4Bernie: "We are working to bring justice back to our justice system" - @BernieSanders  
RT @JohnBerman: Waiting for @BernieSanders in Iowa City. 
RT @cascamike: you obviously missed our response, @JohnPodesta. you can find it here:  
RT @Sam_Frizell: Progressives on Parade: Chuy Garcia, Raul Grijalva, Cornel West, Keith Ellison to introduce Bernie in Cedar Rapids https:/…
RT @thehill: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders rallies in Iowa with Cornel West  
RT @EvgenyFeldman: 3,700 are here for @BernieSanders event in Iowa City, a town of 70,000. Trump had the crowd of 900 in this same bldg htt…
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families.
RT @georgelopez: We are important to this country everyday , not just every four years @BernieSanders understands that 
RT @EvgenyFeldman: Iowa City, @BernieSanders's rally to start in an hour and a half 
RT @justinlong: Because EVERYONE deserves a living wage, free education + free health care. Not politics but basic human rights. …
RT @ChiliPeppers: Additional tix just released for  benefit concert in LA on 2/5 @berniesanders  https:/…
"Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.” - John F. Kennedy
RT @JuliaRJones: We need policies that bring us together and create an economy that works for all of us, rather than a few.   https…
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem, NH about building a revolution.  
RT @MarkRuffalo: .@BernieSanders has said it since day one: He can't do this alone. 
RT @ProjectBernie16: Acceptance. Tolerance. Equality. Love.  
Welcome to the political revolution. :   
When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win.  
RT @SusanSarandon: This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough.  htt…
RT @gardengn0me: Students up from Boston learning how to canvass for the first time.   
Brothers and sisters: Now is not the time for thinking small. Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics. 
RT @Iowa4Bernie: Change comes about when we come together, speak, vote, and be part of the Democratic process.   https:…
RT @MarkPontius: This campaign is about a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough.  https:…
RT @TweetingYarnie: I'm caucusing in  for  because he is for single payer healthcare, $15 minimum wage. . https:…
RT @jhutch1992: It's time our government worked for us. All of us. Not just the rich and powerful. Get out to vote! Today Iowa, tomorrow ch…
RT @jhutch1992: I'm in Iowa now heading out to canvass for  this is exciting! Get out and vote!  
If we stand together, we will win. If we are divided, the big-money interests win. 
 
RT @Latinos4Bernie: "This is a campaign OF the people, BY the people, and FOR the people" - @BernieSanders   https:…
RT @LaborForBernie:  is the true core of American values, as they are Bernie's. Let's  for years to come. …
RT @fosterthepeople: We should have a government that works for us all, not just a few at the top. But we need to vote for it!!🇺🇸 #…
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
If we stand together on Monday night, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.  : 

RT @feelthebernorg: When we come together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.  
RT @IL9CD4Bernie: Welcome to the political revolution.  
RT @PlatinumBubble: I drove up to Iowa for the 4th time to canvass because I believe we need a Revolution.  
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. 
RT @NationalNurses: We need a revolution in how healthcare is provided in this country.    …
This campaign is about a political revolution—millions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
RT @People4Bernie:  because for decades there's been a transfer of wealth from the people to the  for US to take it back htt…
RT @GRForSanders: We MUST stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work. 
RT @corinew77: My man @BernieSanders has a Super Pack 3 million strong!  
RT @WorkingFamilies: This political revolution is built by all of us.   (art: @DustyVinyl_FA inspired by @OBEYGIANT) htt…
RT @PaulSasso: Let us be bold, together!  
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.  
RT @cascamike: bernie wants to put people before profits, but it can only happen if we stand together and demand it. 
RT @mcbyrne: We are building a movement based upon  because only together can we beat back Wall Street and Citizens United.
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America. 
RT @DREAMerJ_D: We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. …
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process, we will not bring about the real change we need. 
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president, it's about creating a grassroots political movement. 
I've said it since day one: this campaign is not about me, it's about you.   
The concept of the “minimum wage,” was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as “socialist.”
Help us win Iowa. Text GIVE to 82623 to donate from your phone. 
RT @CheleGilliam: Packed house in Concord at our NH Delegate Caucus!   
It’s time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system.
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D. Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone.
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on  @jaketapper speaks with @BernieSanders live in Des Moines just hours before the  https://t.…
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform.
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the 1 percent.

American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
RT @tomabrahams: .@BernieSanders draws 1300 to FRIDAY night rally in Dubuque, IA  
Instead of cutting head start and childcare, we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country.
RT @IamNickGonzalez: Let's elect a president who will put families first, not the greed of Wall Street. Check out my blog! …
To my Republican colleagues I say: worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children. 
RT @MSNBC: .@CornelWest joins @BernieSanders for rally in Davenport, Iowa. Watch Live:  
BREAKING: Sanders super PAC haul  

$
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world.
RT @MarkRuffalo: Yup. @BernieSanders gets it.  
I hope @HillaryClinton joins me in support of expanding Social Security benefits for all seniors and disabled veterans.
RT @MoveOn: A message to @BernieSanders skeptics from @RobertReich    …
At a time when senior poverty is increasing, we must expand Social Security benefits, not cut them.
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes, they actually got a rebate. 

A single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks.
RT @meganspecia: "Sounds to me like we have a rigged  47 million Americans live in poverty," @BernieSanders on economics https://…
RT @WorkingFamilies: 's daughter: "Black lives like my father’s should matter. That’s why I’m endorsing @BernieSanders." https:/…
I applaud state legislators for leading on . Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap.
A living wage should not only be fair, it should be equitable. We must pass pay equity for women workers. 
If I’m president, will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I’m president? You better believe it.
RT @es_snipes: Breaking my latest: Black lives like my father's should matter in America. That's why I'm endorsing @BernieSanders . https:/…
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders in Burlington, Iowa tonight: "Please come out to vote. Let's change America." 
RT @SusanSarandon: Final appearance in Iowa for @BernieSanders. So moved by the crowd's enthusiasm can't wait for the  Monday! htt…
When we began we were 50 pts behind the “inevitable Dem nominee.” Now that inevitable candidate ain’t so inevitable. 
RT @tamarakeithNPR: Bernie Sanders, former mayor of Burlington, VT speaks in Burlington, IA. 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects.
RT @Women4Bernie: Plz host a  to help spread word Bernie is best candidate for women
Info:  https…
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population.
If we stand together, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. We can bring hope to the political process. We can make real change.
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders: "It's easy to swim with the tide  When the going was rough some of us were there, some of us were not th…
Recibo con honor el apoyo de @ElTrueque, revista Latina de Iowa. Con su respaldo llevaremos a más Latinos al caucus.

It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
Today is one of the last days to contribute and have it go towards our campaign in Iowa:

People should not underestimate us. Let’s rock the boat. 
 
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process. Change happens when we stand up and fight back.
RT @RBReich: 
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin.
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour.
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. 
RT @Fox26Houston: Actor @justinlong among supporters of @TheDemocrats Presidential candidate @BernieSanders in  
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish.  But when we're divided, the big money interests will always win.
RT @DMschools: Students at @DMRoosevelt on stage awaiting the arrival of @BernieSanders.  
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value.
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire.
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates. @HillaryClinton has not. Why is that? The answer is obvious.
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are.  
Here with the people of Mason City, Iowa tonight with @SusanSarandon. Tune in live here: 
RT @ChadLivengood: The @BernieSanders rally in Mason City is jammed packed. Media stand obstructing view of half of the crowd. …
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate.
Bernie Sanders: speaking tonight in Mason City, Iowa.  
Hillary Clinton: at investment firm fundraiser in Philadelphia.
We are the wealthiest nation in the world, but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top.
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections. Ordinary people don’t vote. We have an economic and political crisis in this country.
RT @SusanSarandon: Learning how to phone bank for @BernieSanders from the best.   
RT @CNN: .@vampireweekend will perform at a @berniesanders rally in Iowa City this weekend  
RT @arzE: going to Iowa this weekend to support @BernieSanders
RT @PeterWStevenson: Meet the woman who tugged at your heartstrings at that Bernie Sanders rally  …
RT @ChiliPeppers: NEW SHOW:  concert in Los Angeles on 2/5 to benefit @BernieSanders. Get tix now:  http…
Regardless of their income, we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all.
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet.
Innovation and business success should be rewarded. But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support.
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns w @SusanSarandon in Mason City, IA – LIVE 8pm ET C-SPAN2   …
RT @MoveOn: A message for @BernieSanders skeptics from @RBReich.  

RT @CommonCause: .@BernieSanders on his plans to  at the @DMRegister town hall   …
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union, it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions.
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic, civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes.
RT @RBReich: How to respond to Bernie skeptics? Watch our latest video to find out. 
We must protect a woman’s right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood.  
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. I disagree.  
Ready for a radical idea? We’re gonna invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.  
RT @EllisonCampaign: Proud to introduce @BernieSanders to a packed house here tonight in St. Paul.   …
RT @People4Bernie: "Real change ALWAYS takes place from the grassroots on up." - @BernieSanders   …
”You don’t have to drag Bernie into the fight, he leads the fight!” - @KeithEllison 
RT @courtneygodfrey: Rep. Keith Ellison takes the stage and says, "he's feeling the bern"  says "Minnesota is all about Bernie …
Watch LIVE now:    
Speaking shortly in St. Paul, MN. There is a lot of enthusiasm out here! Tune in LIVE here:  
RT @RachelSB: Asked a cop if he knew the crowd capacity in the Sanders hall. He said "lots" and they're still coming. …
RT @thauserkstp: Another view of the crowd at St. Paul Rivercentre. Sanders might be trailing in  no enthusiasm gap. …
RT @UniPolitica: De esta forma rompió en llanto una mujer al contarle su situación a @BernieSanders en evento de campaña 
https…
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 

We should not be firing teachers, we should be hiring teachers.  
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work.  
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription. That’s wrong. 
I believe that we need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have to be bold. 
What a turnout! Watch our rally in Duluth live here: 

Join @SarahKSilverman, @georgelopez, @kevin_nealon and others at the Laugh Factory tonight.

Excited to be in Minnesota today! I’ll be speaking in Duluth shortly and in St. Paul tonight.   
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Congrats @chtrust and Brenda Torpy for  win recognizing housing programs we set up in  in the 80s. 
Check here for your chance to win a pint of Ben’s new ice cream flavor “Bernie’s Yearning”:
 
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders meeting with Iowa @Steelworkers – LIVE at 11am ET on C-SPAN   …
RT @cascamike: here's @RBReich on why @BernieSanders is the most qualified candidate to lead the political revolution we need: …
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace.
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood. @PPact is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded.
RT @Yamiche: Emotional tales of financial struggle, health issues &amp; depression at a @BernieSanders event  https://t.…
Experience is important, but so is judgement. 
RT @SSWorks: Sen. Sanders is right -  benefits are especially critical for women, who live longer &amp; have less retirement sav…
RT @AARPadvocates: .@BernieSanders: “We should expand Social Security and we do that by lifting the cap on taxable income.”   #…
Bajo el plan de Bernie, una familia pagará en un año entero menos por atención médica de lo que paga ahora en un mes. 
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction.  
Under Bernie's plan, the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month. 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:
✅ Social Security
✅ Minimum Wage
✅ Medicare and Medicaid
✅ 40-hour work week

Anybody in this country, regardless of their income, should be able to go get a higher education. 
Tune in now to the  on @CNN to watch Bernie discuss the issues facing our nation. 
I  against those who want to take away a woman's right to an abortion.

Want real change? Caucus for Bernie Sanders on Feb 1. Oh, and take the folks with you.  

RT @EBONYMag: Sen. Bernie Sanders Speaks to the Issues of Black America with our @JamilahLemieux:  …
RT @i_D: A @BernieSanders themed art show featuring over 100 artists is traveling the :  
Today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
You can't be an American company only when you want corporate welfare from taxpayers or lucrative contracts from the federal government.
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their  citizenship to avoid paying  taxes.
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers. 

I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers &amp; fathers too. 
RT @JustinBamberg:  &amp; I see so many of you are also! I appreciate everyone for the support they're showing Bernie and I. htt…
RT @keithellison: Most Americans don't have enough money to cover a $500 emergency -  
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security. This woman's story was heartbreaking.

RT @aabramson:  is complicated - @BernieSanders campaign breaks the process down: 
Pundits say that young people won't come out to participate in the political process. Let's make the pundits eat those words, @IowaStateU.
RT @edhenry: .@BernieSanders begins simply at @IowaStateU -- "Are you guys ready to make a political revolution?" (crowd roars) …
RT @MoveOn: Another reason we : : Big oil rigging the game, @BernieSanders says  …
Equal pay for equal work. It’s not a radical idea. We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
RT @ckcovert1: South Carolina Lawmaker Switches Sides to Endorse Bernie Sanders.  Must read:  https://t.…
The greed of the billionaire class, and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans.
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis, NH.  
RT @YoBenCohen: Nothing is so unstoppable as a flavor whose time has finally come   
RT @SusanSarandon: Why Bernie Sanders Is Best on Women's Issues  via @HuffPostPol
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short.
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all.
Physicians agree: single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured.

RT @SSWorks: Yes,  for all is a realistic goal. Here's how we make it happen:  
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
We must invest in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.  
Republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires.
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders 4th and final  event today. I think he did pass 4,000 ppl in total attendance for the day https://…
Under my administration, Wall Street won’t be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products.
If Wall Street does not end their greed, we will end it for them. 
If we’re going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone. I was out front on that issue.
RT @billmckibben: I kind of dare you to read this endorsement of @berniesanders and not be moved. 
RT @CBSNLive: WATCH: @BernieSanders speaks at town hall meeting in Iowa  
We don't represent billionaires, Wall Street or the big drug companies - we don't want their money and we will succeed without them.
"@HillaryClinton says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable. We couldn’t agree more.” - Jeff Weaver 
RT @PinkyWeitzman: "When 80% of young people don't turn out to vote, Republicans win." -@BernieSanders  
RT @IAStartingLine: Really incredible turnout for @BernieSanders at Luther College in Decorah, town of about 8,000  …
Join @SarahKSilverman, @georgelopez, @kevin_nealon and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26. Tickets here: 
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division. Democrats win when the voter turnout is high.
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
RT @shushwalshe: .@BernieSanders tells @MarthaRaddatz that "democracy" should not be a "contest" btwn billionaires, when asked abt Bloomber…
RT @NBCNewsPR: I am trying to change the dynamics of American politics, says @BernieSanders on @MeetThePress this morning. 
I will be on @ThisWeekABC, @meetthepress and @FaceTheNation this morning. Make sure to tune in! 
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors.
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy, the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it. 
Our campaign is a people's campaign. We don't have and we don’t want a Super PAC. We have YOU. Help us win: 
RT @FaceTheNation: This Sunday we will speak with @BernieSanders as he continues his rise in the polls. Be sure to tune in! …
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing.

Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Head here and help us win: 
Snowed in and couldn't make it to a watch party? Watch Bernie's live address LIVE here right now: 
We can be a country where all seniors can live in dignity and security, and not be forced to choose between their medicine and their food.
People are saying, "How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires?" 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. We must lift the cap.
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications.
RT @MoveOn: Are you in  &amp; planning to caucus for @berniesanders on 2/1? CLICK HERE:   
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America. We can deliver change, but not by tinkering with the system at the margins.
Tonight, just nine days before the Iowa caucuses, I want to talk directly to my best supporters. Join me: 
RT @CNN: "I'm a Bernie (@BernieSanders) guy," Art Garfunkel tells @smerconish 
This is a campaign of the people, by the people, and for the people. Welcome to the political revolution. 
RT @ND4Bernie:  We are teachers, students, parents who know we don't have to be burdened by debt .@People4Bernie …
RT @ProgressivGreen:  and we are meeting across the country to say ENOUGH is ENOUGH!  
RT @Iowa4Bernie:  because Bernie will give all Americans a fair opportunity for health coverage.  
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet.
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs.  
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus. Take a couple minutes and listen to John's story.

RT @GRForSanders: "Not me. Us"    
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that we’re gonna allow them to win. 
RT @standwithraul: Mi articulo en Univision: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas.  
 https:/…
Today, a college degree is equivalent to a high school degree 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
I would expand initiatives that protect women’s health, access to contraception, and the availability of a safe and legal abortion. 
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade, resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment.
I join with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on women’s right to choose. 
As president, I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a woman’s right to an abortion. 
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v. Wade guaranteed a woman’s right to choose.
Despite major advances in civil and political rights, our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality.
Today, on the anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I will say that no one will be a stronger defender of a woman's right to choose than me. 
If Democrats want to win the general election, frankly, I think I'm the stronger candidate. 
RT @IAStartingLine: .@BernieSanders releases a "How To Caucus" video, which they shot at their DSM HQ on Sunday: 
What's Clinton's Secret Health Care Plan?

Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future.
RT @EBONYMag: Watch as Sen. @BernieSanders speaks with us about the issues we face in the Black community:  https://…
RT @bpolitics: Meet the foot soldiers behind @BernieSanders' grassroots campaign in Iowa   …
RT @PinkyWeitzman: New video by  volunteers/staff: everything you need to know about caucusing in IA in under 5 minutes! http…
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise.
With less than two weeks until the Iowa caucus, I need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. 
Facts on Social Security:
✅$ trillion surplus
✅Can pay every benefit owed until 2035
✅Made of US Treasury bonds 
RT @kailanikm: Auditorium here in Wolfeboro, NH is filling up for @BernieSanders tonight.   
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions.
Families are showing up tonight to do something radical: they're practicing democracy.  
Students in Wolfeboro left us some notes today. They are a future to believe in.  
RT @cascamike: sec. clinton just told wolf blitzer she could get the country to universal health care, so where is her plan? voters deserve…
Thank you @Juanes and @JohnLegend for speaking up against for-profit private prisons &amp; the criminalization of immigrants in AZ. 
RT @maryaliceparks: Sanders in NH: "A great nation is not judged by how many billionaires it has but by compassion dealing with the most vu…
RT @Taniel: A big change in CNN's Iowa polls: Clinton was judged to be best on health care 63-31, now it's Sanders 51-45. …
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road.
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels.
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days. cc: @HillaryClinton 
Thank you @wkamaubell, @MClyburnFCC, @CoryBooker and @VanJones68 for fighting for  a .
Internet access is no longer a luxury: it is essential for 21st century commerce, education, telemedicine and public safety.
36% of Black Americans and 46% of Latin@s don't have a high-speed internet connection at home. They deserve a .
We must do all we can to provide all Americans, especially low-income families, affordable access to broadband. 
There needs to be a path back from prison, including a restoration of full voting rights.
Billionaires already own much of our economy. That, apparently, is not enough. Now, they want to own the United States government as well.
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American.  
RT @aprilburbank: The scene at a @BernieSanders campaign stop in Peterborough, NH.  
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us, not just the 1 percent.  
In essence, this ruling handed millionaires and billionaires — who have already rigged our economy — unlimited influence in our elections.
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption.
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people.
Today is the sixth-year anniversary of Citizens United, one of the most disastrous Supreme Court decisions in my lifetime.
RT @CNNPolitics: CNN/WMUR poll: @BernieSanders outperforms @HillaryClinton against Republicans in   …
The  spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world.
 
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you.

RT @NYTnickc: New this AM: @BernieSanders uses Simon and Garfunkel’s “America” to put focus on voters in new 60-second ad: …
Thanks, @johnpodesta. Appreciate the effort, but you didn’t answer our questions! Here’s the list.  
ICYMI: Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game:  
Portsmouth turned out tonight to talk to @billmckibben about climate change and how to support our movement.  
RT @MarkRuffalo: Where is @HillaryClinton's Climate Plan?  @BernieSanders
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6,240. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
RT @bpolitics: WATCH NOW: @BernieSanders joins   
Corporate greed needs to end; they're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans.
Thank you for visiting us in NH!  
RT @maryaliceparks: "Where is Sec Clinton's  plan?" -- Sanders camp hits climate today with new ad about pipelines and new statement
RT @bradplumer: Sanders is right. Lots of question marks about Clinton's preferred climate policies. 
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer, and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand.
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not. 
Where’s Clinton’s Climate Plan?

I oppose the Bakken pipeline. Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence.

The debate is over. Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded. This planet is in trouble.

RT @people: EXCLUSIVE: @BernieSanders does his own laundry (and grocery shopping, too!)  
Join Dr. @CornelWest, Adolph Reed and others for a Higher Ed for Bernie Town Hall in Columbia tonight:  
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save middle-class families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average.
Join my friend @billmckibben for a Town Hall in Portsmouth, New Hampshire tonight:   
It's wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent.
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues.
RT @people: EXCLUSIVE: Inside the family life of the down-to-earth Democratic candidate @BernieSanders 
I'll be on the Rachel @maddow show on MSNBC shortly. Tune in now. 
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process. Our thoughts are with his family. 
RT @LucyFlores: Why I Support @BernieSanders  
RT @RaniaBatrice: Standing room only in Carroll, Iowa today!   
I am asking people not just for your vote, but to be part of a revolution to transform our country.  
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old, same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas.
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the  Postal Service to engage in basic banking services.
Join Dr. @CornelWest, scholar Adolph Reed and others for a Higher Ed for Bernie Town Hall in Columbia tomorrow: 
If Congress continues to fail to act, as president I would uphold and expand the president's action. 
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action. 
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country. They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money.
RT @CBSNLive: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders speaks at campaign rally in Fort Dodge, Iowa  
Must read: The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest  Billion 

Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking.
This campaign ain’t about Bernie. I can’t do it alone. This campaign is about you. 

We need to look at addiction not as a crime, but a health issue. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege. That's why my plan will insure every American. 
RT @Chicago4Bernie: "They talk about people taking advantage of welfare, but it is the Walmart family who is the biggest cheater of the wel…
Some people told me Alabama was a conservative state. I guess not. Watch live:   
RT @tomlobianco: .@BernieSanders borrowing from King, big cheers "What does it mean if you can get into the hospital, but you come out bank…
This is a campaign of the people, by the people, and for the people. 
Tune in LIVE to @CornelWest and @ninaturner in Alabama here:    
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say: “Enough is enough!"  
Excited to be in Birmingham tonight for a rally to discuss the issues facing our nation. 
How did I prep for yesterday’s debate? I joined the  picket line. It’s what I do.

Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth.
This country was built by immigrants. I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed.
There's a disparity in education for children in poor communities. We’ve gotta change that. 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families. 
RT @FiveThirtyEight: Bernie Sanders is the only candidate in either party with a net-positive favorability rating: 
Martin Luther King Jr: "This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor.”

RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders marches on MLK Day in Columbia,  
As we honor MLK, we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America.

RT @politico: .@BernieSanders' plan would cover undocumented immigrants  | AP Photo 
RT @samswey: Bernie Sanders health care plan would save the average family more than $5,000.   …
The views of the billionaire class are profoundly out of step with working Americans, which goes a long way to explain Congress' agenda.
Happy 4th of July! 
Whose views should we trust on trade legislation? Corporate America or organizations that represent working families and the environment?
It's interesting that Republicans who tell us how terrible the government is, now want to overturn GMO labeling laws passed in 4 states.
Understanding the magnitude of the climate crisis means realizing that good environmental policy is also good economic policy.
“Who are to be the electors of the Federal Representatives? Not the rich, more than the poor.” -James Madison
Let us never forget that in 2008, Wall Street’s greed, recklessness and illegal behavior nearly destroyed our economy.
On the TPP, we must take the side of unions and environmental groups who oppose it, not multinational corporations trying to outsource jobs.
Must Read: Income inequality today may be higher today than in any other era -@_jeffguo. 
The anti-GMO bill is confusing and toothless. It will do nothing to help with food transparency and harm the already work done by states.
Big Ag spent hundreds of millions on lobbying and campaign contributions to stop GMO labeling laws. We can’t let them get away with it.
Food companies believe they have a right to unlimited profits, but they don't think people have a right to know what's in the food they eat.
The anti-GMO bill in the Senate is confusing, misleading and unenforceable. We must have higher standards than that for federal legislation.
The Stabenow-Roberts anti-GMO bill contains huge loopholes in the labeling requirement. There’s not even a penalty for violating it.
The poor will see politics as irrelevant and won't join the political process as long as both parties continue to ignore their problems.
Monsanto's goal is to deny states the right to label GMOs. If we don't stop them, they may just succeed. Watch: 
Change happens in this country when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. I believe we are in such a moment right now.
I am proud that Vermont is first state to mandate GMO labeling. What I’m not proud of is the Senate bill trying to destroy this progress.
RT @Salon: Bernie blasts Puerto Rico bill and Wall Street vulture funds in powerful Senate speech  …
RT @AlexApple_: First look: What does @SenSanders think of a federal GMO compromise that would affect Vermont's law? WATCH:…
Sen. Roberts' GMO bill imposes no penalties whatsoever for violating the labeling requirement, making the law essentially meaningless.
The GMO legislation in Congress would create a confusing, misleading and unenforceable national standard for labeling GMOs. It cannot pass.
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Proud to stand with @SenatorLeahy @SenSanders @PeterWelch @GovPeterShumlin @vtrighttoknow   https…
RT @VBSRpolicy: Thank you to @SenSanders for defending Vt's GMO labeling law.  
Big agriculture companies like Monsanto do not believe people have a right to know what's in the food they eat.
NEWS: Sanders Vows to Defend Vermont’s GMO Labeling Law 
Vermont has shown what happens when democracy works. The people speak, state government responds and important legislation gets passed.
I'm proud of the grassroots activism that led to this law and the support the legislature and @GovPeterShumlin gave. 
It's not complicated. People want to know the quality of the food they're eating and what they're giving to their kids. 
I Will Do Everything I Can to Defeat This Terrible GMO Bill. A letter from Sen. Sanders: 
All over Europe, we've got dozens and dozens of countries which label GMO products. We should be able to do that here in America as well.
If we don't act, our grandchildren will wonder what was so important about fossil fuel profits that it was worth sacrificing their future.
I am proud to join Sen. Schatz to address the outrageously high rate of recidivism in this country. 
RT @SenBrianSchatz: Thank you @SenatorDurbin, @SenWhitehouse &amp; @SenSanders for working with me to restore Pell Grants for incarcerated indi…
Congress’ job is to represent what the people want, and an enormous majority of Americans want genetically modified food to be labeled.
It's long past time we opened the military to openly transgender people. Glad to see this step toward equality. 
My entire political career has been dedicated to the conviction that Americans are entitled to live lives of decency and dignity.
Proud @AtBennington will take part in Second Chance Pell. Rehabilitation, not more incarceration, will help inmates get back on their feet.
It really is frightening when you have a party that controls both the House and Senate that says, "You know what? We reject science."
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward, not just a dark corner to hide in.
RT @politico: Sanders steps up battle against GMO bill  
We need fair trade not “free trade.” Americans should not have to compete against workers in low-wage countries who earn pennies an hour.
I'll do everything I can to defeat this pathetic GMO labeling bill. It is not only misleading, it's toothless. The fight is not over.
The overwhelming majority of Americans agree: GMOs should be labeled. 
We have an economic model developed by the economic elite to benefit the economic elite. We need real change.
Another reason why this bill must be defeated. 
Decisions made regarding the future of Puerto Rico must be made by the people of Puerto Rico. America must not become a colonial master.
It would be a colossal tragedy if the next generation had a lower standard of living than their parents, but that is where we're headed.
Morally, should we allow Wall Street to make huge profits, while nutrition programs for Puerto Rican kids are cut?

The time has come to stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the people of Puerto Rico as American citizens.
Billionaires can't receive a 100% return on investments while Puerto Rican children go hungry. Puerto Rico can't be hijacked by Wall Street.
At a time when the people of Puerto Rico are suffering, PROMESA would make a terrible situation even worse.
It's not a radical idea to tell people what's in the food they're eating. 64 countries label GMOs. Why can't the US? 
Incredibly, the wealthiest 62 people on the planet now own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world's population -  billion people.
People have a right to know what’s in their food. Vermont has taken the lead on GMO labeling—now we need it everywhere.
This bill requires Puerto Ricans to pay for the undemocratic control board at an unbelievable sum of $370 million. That's absurd.
From a moral perspective, should we pass legislation that rewards billionaires, while allowing schools to be closed and pensions to be cut?
The Republicans' solution to the Puerto Rico debt crisis is colonialism at its worst.
Headed to the Senate floor now to speak about the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. Watch here: 
It’s 2016, and yet some lawmakers still want to regulate women’s bodies. I find this just incomprehensible. Incomprehensible.
NEWS: Sanders To Put Hold on GMO Labeling Legislation 
I will do everything I can to defeat this weak GMO labeling bill in the Senate, beginning by putting a hold on it.
Monsanto promised dairy farmers that GMO corn would reduce the amount of chemicals they used. Instead, it's doubled. 
Our grandchildren will ask us why we allowed fossil fuel companies to rake in record profits while climate change ravages our planet.
Glad the Court protected the voice of working people today. When unions are strong, the middle class is strong. 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control.
Glad to see the Court agrees women should have access to their full array of health care options. 
The skyrocketing cost of college today is not just a loss for many bright young people and their families; it is a loss to our country.
Let's face it: until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary Americans.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We must listen to the scientific community, not Fox News, and lead the world in reversing climate change. 
After all the progress we've made on women’s rights, we can't go back to the days when women didn't have the right to control their bodies.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Supreme Court Ruling on Abortion  
The value of the minimum wage is 25% lower than it was in 1968. It’s not a radical idea to try to keep up with costs of living.
The Supreme Court today reaffirmed that access to abortion is a woman’s constitutional right. It cannot be blocked by extreme Republicans.
We want an economy that is not based on uncontrollable greed, monopolistic practices and illegal behavior.
For too many Americans, the dream of progress and opportunity is denied by an economy that funnels virtually all of the wealth to the top.
When people stand together, when people are prepared to fight back, there is nothing that cannot be accomplished.
As a kid, I learned everyday in my house what lack of money means to a family. That's a lesson I have never forgotten and never will forget.
We want the best educated population on earth, not the most incarcerated population.
Too many people are serving unnecessarily long mandatory minimum sentences.
Millions of Americans have police records as a result of marijuana possession, which should be decriminalized.
We need universal voter registration, so that anyone 18 years of age or older who is eligible to vote is automatically registered.
If you are a male worker in the middle of the economy, you are making $700 less than you made 43 years ago. That's wrong.
We have one of the lowest voter turnout rates of any major country, yet Republican governors are working overtime to suppress the vote.
As Lincoln put it at Gettysburg, we want a government of the people, by the people and for the people.
Free tuition is not inconceivable. In fact, it used to be the case at great public universities and colleges all across the United States.
The wealthy and multinational corporations who are doing phenomenally well should do their part to help the middle class rebuild.
Are we comfortable as a nation to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever?
Our criminal justice system is broken. We have  million people rotting behind bars at an annual expense of $80 billion.
We need a tax on carbon, an end to fracking and massive investment in renewable energy. We want to leave this planet healthy and habitable.
I'm worried about global cooperation breaking down, but it's also a sign that people are being left out. 

I've got seven beautiful grandchildren and I will be damned if I leave them a world which is not habitable.
51 million people have no paid sick leave. Not only is this damaging to our economy, it’s completely unethical.
America is not about attacking the most vulnerable people in our country. We cannot allow that to happen.
I don't think many lawmakers know that wages have been stagnant for 35 years. They don't see what people are going through.
GMO labeling isn't controversial. It exists in dozens of countries. People have a right to know what is in the food they eat.
I am going to do everything I can to defeat this GMO labeling legislation, which preempts Vermont's law. 
Freedom of speech, in my view, does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
Instead of keeping more people in jail than any other country, we should move toward criminal justice reform at federal and local levels.
Our students are better prepared and our nation is stronger when we create a more diverse and inclusive environment. 
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight on the Late Show: Bernie Sanders! We made sure to charge up the t-shirt cannon overnight.  …
Senate Republicans must stop playing politics and confirm a ninth justice to the Supreme Court. 
Yet another sad reminder that to protect our environment, we must move aggressively away from fossil fuels. 
If you look at what Scott Walker has tried to do to unions in Wisconsin it is clear there is a war on the middle class in this country.
Change never comes easily, but In America, we've made progress that was once unimaginable and can do so again.
When folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation, and maybe the world.
Proud to stand with my colleagues to demand action.  
Change only happens when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. We stand with you @HouseDemocrats. 
Middle-income working women are making $1,500 less than they did in 2007. That is just plain wrong.
We can expand Social Security benefits and extend the life of the program for 58 years.  
When our military budget rivals every other nation's combined, we can afford judicious cuts to our military without compromising our safety.
It is not class warfare to say the extremely wealthy don't need another tax break after their incomes rose immensely in the last 30 years.
It is unacceptable that the average worker pays $760 in taxes each year to make up for corporations hiding profits offshore.
Black women make 60% of what a white man makes. For Hispanic women, it's 55%. That is nothing but sexism and discrimination.
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending as much money as they want on any political race in this country.
85% of Americans support keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists. Why don't Republicans?
California is showing we can have an affordable and sustainable energy system without the risks of nuclear power. 
Our job is not to allow politicians divide us up by where our family came from, the color of our skin, our religion or sexual orientation.
We must fight to make certain that women throughout the country have the right to control their own bodies.
It's not hard to understand: terrorists, potential terrorists, criminals and the dangerously mentally ill shouldn't have access to guns.
It is incomprehensible to me, and I believe to the vast majority of Americans, as to why Republicans would oppose commonsense gun safety.
Frankly, these Democratic gun safety amendments are no-brainers.  
Looking for a paid internship with Sen. Bernie Sanders this fall? Apply by Friday: 
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
If we are sincere about representing and assisting ordinary Americans, we must pass a single-payer, national health care program.
Infrastructure does not get better by itself. We can all agree that if you don't invest in repairs, it’s just not going to get better.
This great government of ours should be working for all of us, not just the few on top.
The trade union movement taught us influence over one’s working conditions is necessary for workers' influence in politics and economics.
Bankers on Wall Street may be fraudulent, but they're not dumb. They spend millions lobbying Congress because they know a good investment.
Members of the LGBTQ community must be guaranteed the same rights and protections as every other American citizen.
It’s about time join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right and not a privilege.
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth.
When government involves itself in making the world we inhabit livable and rebuilding our infrastructure, we create millions of good jobs.
The heart of any real campaign finance reform must be a limit on spending - an end to the money chase.
How can politicians talk about morality and family values, when we turn our backs on the millions of children and families in poverty?
It won’t be easy, but we must be prepared to stand together and take on the billionaire class and their greed.
The Declaration of Independence says that all men are created equal. That includes everyone in the LGBT community, no exceptions.
In my view, women should not be making 79 cents to the dollar - or less - than men in the United States in 2016.
No one's so naive as to think Wall Street spent $800 million on lobbying and campaign donations in 2014 because they like giving away money.
By not making college more affordable and accessible, we are saying to families that we do not want their kids to get a college education.
Instead of talking about punishment and vengeance, let us have the courage to talk about how we get to the root causes of crime.
In my view, the time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off of the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs.
With obesity, mental health issues and chronic diseases all on the rise, we must act on the need for accessible health care for all.
Low income families should not be forced to choose between heating and eating.
Reminding ordinary people that government can work for them and can speak with their voice is, I believe, the hope for America's future.
We need to come together to prevent hatred and create the kind of nation based on love that we all know we can become.
One hateful person committed the atrocity in Orlando, not an entire people or an entire religion. 
To Republicans I say step up, join the vast majority of Americans. Stop guns from falling into the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
We owe a debt of gratitude to @ChrisMurphyCT for demanding action to help prevent gun violence. Congress has been silent for too long.
The weapon used in Orlando was legally purchased after a background check. Assault weapons like it should be outright banned.
If there is any silver lining to the terrible tragedy in Orlando, it is for us to bring people together to prevent violence of all kinds.
Citizens United was the one of most disastrous Supreme Court decisions in history and it must be overturned.
What sense does it make for people to be able to purchase military-style weapons designed to kill people? 

I stand with @ChrisMurphyCT to demand common sense gun safety. We can't allow guns to fall into the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
The high level of student loan debt is causing irreparable harm to families across the United States, and the economy as a whole.
Our job is to take pride in our diversity to bring our people together and to not let hatred to divide us up.
We must not allow politicians to divide us by where our family came from, by the color of our skin, our religion or sexual orientation.
It doesn't make sense for someone to be able to walk into a store and purchase a military style weapon that has one purpose: to kill people.
Before we cut Social Security and Medicare, we might want to pass legislation to make the wealthy start paying their fair share in taxes.
The fight for justice is not a concept we hear a lot about in politics anymore. Justice - that is what we should be fighting for.
The kind of stresses and pressures that a lack of money puts on a family is something that I learned as a kid, and which has stuck with me.
Today's decision will help ensure we don't turn over our democracy to the highest bidder. 
To blame an entire religion for the acts of a single individual is bigotry, pure and simple. It is not what this country is about.
This is the greatest nation on earth. We are far too experienced and wise to get caught up in constant partisan conflict.
RT @ReneeWPTZ: @SenSanders speaks in  "One hateful person committed this crime-not an entire people or an entire religion." …
We are the custodians of this planet. We must take action to address climate change. There is nowhere else to go.
We have got to do everything that we can to make sure guns do not fall into the hands of people who should not have them.
People working full time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage everywhere.
It's imperative that progressives maintain a vision, a vision that seeks social justice and cries out for this nation's true potential.
Reminding ordinary people that government can work for them and can speak with their voice is, I believe, the hope for America's future.
It’s baffling that even with overwhelming scientific consensus, leaders of this country still deny the existence of climate change.
The question of our time is whether we will take on the enormous power of the billionaire class, or do we slide into political oligarchy.
Huge, profitable corporations regularly get massive government subsidies. We have socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor.
What seems radical today will seem mainstream tomorrow if we stand together.
Strong unions are the reason why America once led the world in wages in benefits. We must rebuild the trade union movement in this country.
We must invest in the young people today, because they are our nation’s future doctors, teachers, engineers, scientists and senators.
The best function for banks is to reinvest in America so that we can build affordable housing, factories and small businesses.
Instead of funding more jails and more incarceration, maybe - just maybe - we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids.
Let us demand that every man, woman, and child in this country have a decent opportunity and a decent standard of living.
Maybe we should have members of Congress wear NASCAR jackets which tell us who is sponsoring them.
Men and women have not put their lives on the line to defend our democracy for a handful of wealthy people to buy candidates and elections.
Millionaires and billionaires who control super PACs have more money and influence over campaigns than the candidates themselves.
If we want to get tough on crime, let us deal with the causes of crime instead of using taxpayer money to incarcerate millions of people.
To restore our one person, one vote democracy, we must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. 78% of Americans agree.
The solution to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis is not more austerity.  The solution is more economic development.
We should want more people voting, not less. If we believe that, then it's high time we established automatic voter registration nationally.
Frankly, much of our economic and trade policy is a disgrace, designed to benefit the wealthy few at the expense of the average worker.
The current political campaign finance system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery.
The most revolting part of the student loan crisis is that the federal government makes billions in profits off of student loans each year.
How can the United States stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people as a right?
Progress takes place when young people pick up the torch and say, "This is a world we are going to change." 
I think democracy should be about elected officials talking and communicating with people, regardless of their income.
Too many Americans in this country have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use.
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We must unite families not tear them apart. The deportation raids must end.
People spend millions on campaigns because they have an agenda. And the billionaire agenda is not the agenda of the American people.
My advice for climate change deniers in Congress: Worry less about you campaign contributions and more about your children.
It’s absurd that we have more people in jail than any other nation, including China, a Communist authoritarian country four times our size.
We live in the richest nation in the history of the world but we can’t even provide the most elementary human needs to millions of people.
When we improve energy efficiency, we also create a significant number of meaningful jobs and lead the world toward sustainability.
Vermonters looking for a free healthy meal: Text “mealsvt” to 877-877 or call 211 to find a summer meals location. 
18 million students will be food insecure this summer. In the richest nation in the history of the world, that is simply unacceptable.
Lincoln said, "Of the people, by the people, and for the people," not "Of the billionaires, by the billionaires, and for the billionaires."
With rampant violence and murder all over the world, America must say clearly that we won’t contribute. We must abolish the death penalty.
The overwhelming majority of the American people don't believe free speech has anything to do with billionaires being able to buy elections.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
Something is wrong in America when one family, the Walton family of Walmart, owns as much wealth as the bottom 42% of Americans combined.
In the US we have  million people in jail today, more than any other country. We need major changes in our criminal justice system.
We must stop letting multinational fossil fuels corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense. 
While the middle class is disappearing, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally and corporations are making at record-breaking profits.
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to our nation’s economic well-being.
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.
Tragically, in America today we have more people in jail than any other country in the world.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance of ending up in jail. That is unacceptable.
The  must join the nations that understand the benefits of having an educated workforce that isn’t burdened with enormous student debt.
The bottom line is the vast majority of climate scientists agree that our planet is warming and that human activities are the primary cause.
Members of Congress can no longer allow the drug companies to charge our people the highest rates in the world. We have to make a stand.
It's my firm belief that all students, regardless of background, should receive the education they need and the education they deserve.
Life would be a lot different for a poor person in Vermont if they had health care as a right, which is the case 50 miles north, in Canada.
If the Walton family can receive billions in taxpayer subsidies, maybe it's OK for working people to get health care and paid family leave.
The solution to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis is not more austerity. The solution is more economic development, more jobs, and less poverty.
The Democratic Party must stand on the side of working people and low-income people, not Wall Street and the pharmaceutical industry.
Privatizing the VA would be a huge mistake and a great disservice to the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us.
The  can lead the world in reversing climate change by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward clean energy.
Despite Americans being some of the most productive workers in the world, wages haven't kept up with inflation since 1968. This must change.
What poverty in America is tragically about is that we have millions of people who are dying at ages much, much younger than they should.
If it's radical to think that the United States shouldn't have more people in jail than any other country, then yes, count me as a radical.
RT @350action: Thanks to climate organizing, the era of oil is beginning to close.  
Mexico isn't going to pay for Donald Trump's wall, and Puerto Rico will not pay for this outrageous and undemocratic control board.
To ask Puerto Ricans to pay $370 million to create an unelected control board stacked with right-wing Republicans is beyond insulting.
NEWS: Sanders Responds to Report Finding Puerto Rico Would Be Forced to Fund Control Board  
Nearly every nation offers paid maternity leave so a mother can be with her baby. We are practically the only nation that doesn't do that.
The drug industry's greed is killing Americans. It must come to an end.
Pleased to see Vermont stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and pass drug price transparency legislation led by @RepCP.
RT @MVULearning: Tori Jarvis is recognized by Senator Sanders office for her outstanding essay on xenophobia  …
Today, 40 million Americans are drowning in more than $ trillion in student loan debt. We must make public colleges tuition free.
The threat of climate change is a pivotal moment in history that we must address by transitioning  aggressively to a clean energy system.
We need new trade policies to prevent corporations from throwing American workers out on the street and running to China for cheap labor.
Today,  million children in our country live in poverty. This is the future of America. We must address this issue.
RT @ReutersPolitics: Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners 
When it comes to addressing climate change, the most expensive option is to do nothing at all.
Hurricane Damage Costs Will Skyrocket Due to Climate Change, New Report Finds  
RT @ElNuevoDia: .@BernieSanders propondrá $10,800 millones para infraestructura en Puerto Rico -  …
NEW: Sanders bill to address Puerto Rican humanitarian crisis.  
Directors at the Federal Reserve should not be hand-picked by bankers from the same banks that the Fed is in charge of regulating.
If we do not address the planetary crisis of climate change, we will be judged by future generations and by history in a very negative way.
Understanding the magnitude of the climate crisis also means realizing that good environmental policy is also good economic policy.
A transaction fee on Wall Street would not only raise billions in new revenue, it would curb harmful speculation.
In my view, democratic socialism means that a few ultra-wealthy people should not have total control of our politics and economics.
It's not right that despite an increase in worker productivity for decades, the average worker is working longer hours for lower wages.
I think there is a lot to be learned from Scandinavia where health care and college education are provided to all, regardless of income.
If we are serious about combatting climate change, we need to put an end to fracking all over this country.
What we have got to do is to redefine who we can be as a nation. What rights we are entitled to as humans. That's the struggle.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. Everyone in America should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
Here's a radical idea: No full-time worker should live in poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
I think the issue of income and wealth inequality is in fact a moral issue. It is an issue that we must confront here and across the world.
Fewer people voting and and the wealthy contributing huge amounts of money-- this is the kind of “democracy” the ruling class likes.
When workers don't have to worry about how they are going to pay rent, they become better workers. Raising the minimum wage is common sense.
No parent should have to send their sick child to school because they can't take a day from work. We need paid family leave in America.
The fact is there's been class warfare for the last thirty years, but it's been the ruling class taking on the middle class and poor.
We must go beyond fine speeches if we're serious about protecting the needs of veterans. They've protected us. Now we must protect them.
We must reaffirm our commitment to our veterans and the families of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. 
It's easy to give speeches about how tough we are, but let us not forget the cost of war on the men and women who serve in our military.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply. It's resulted in more earthquakes. It’s highly explosive. And it’s contributing to climate change.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug.
Taxpayers should never again be on the hook for the mismanagement by Wall Street executives. It's time to break up the big banks.
A land where millionaires have never had it so good, while millions struggle just to survive, is not what America is supposed to be about.
The American people understand our national debt was caused when President Bush took us into two wars and forgot to pay for them.
It would be a colossal tragedy for the next generation to have a lower standard of living than their parents, but that's where we're headed.
The global economy has simply failed when so many have so little and so few have so much.
It makes no sense for a 19-year-old kid to be denied a job because they were arrested for smoking marijuana.
Before Social Security was enacted, about half of America's seniors lived in poverty. We must preserve and expand Social Security benefits.
We need to reaffirm our support for quality public education and the right of all children to receive the best education possible.
The attacks against transgender people are part of a bigotry which has got to end.
The class of 2016 has an average debt of $37,172, the highest level of debt yet! In my view, we must make public colleges tuition free.
Social Security has been the most successful anti-poverty program in American history. That's why we must expand benefits, not cut them.
It makes no sense to degrade our environment in the interest of quick profits only to later spend billions to remedy the mess we've made.
If we want a vibrant democracy, where candidates have an even playing field, we need to move toward public funding of elections.
We must work toward trade agreements that work for our working people and not just for the CEOs of the largest corporations in this country.
While the top 20 pharma and health care CEOs raked in $ million last year, 1 in 5 Americans can’t afford to fill their prescriptions.
The federal government should be investing in its young people, not profiteering off of student loans with rising interest rates.
Balancing the budget on the backs of the elderly, the sick and the poor must be opposed. It is not only immoral but bad economics.
We must move to Medicare-for-all health care because is an injustice for millions of people to be one illness away from financial disaster.
Congress must hold corporations accountable, not give them cover to lie to the American people. 
RT @climatebrad: This is what real Democratic leadership looks like. 
NEWS: Sanders, Whitehouse, Warren, Merkley Slam GOP Attempt to Block Fossil Fuel Fraud Investigation 
Why would Republicans try to stop climate denial investigations? Easy. They're funded by the fossil fuel industry. 
A broken campaign finance system means the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few threatens both our economic and political freedom.
It is beyond my comprehension that thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college only because their family lacks the funding.
We need legislation that improves regulation of toxic chemicals but doesn't block a state's ability to ensure people's health and safety.
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as the USA does, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
Nearly 33% of Americans who aren’t retired have no retirement savings or pension at all. We must fight to expand not cut Social Security.
Our message to young people must be clear: You will not be punished for growing up poor. If you work hard, you will get to go to college.
Our government should have the same authority as almost every other major country to negotiate drug prices and put an end to price gouging.
It's an indictment of our broken health care system that low-income Americans say their biggest fear is getting sick or being in an accident
The right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: This is not a war we are going to allow them to win.
Conversion therapy only perpetuates discrimination against the LGBT community. Proud Vermont banned this dangerous and discredited practice.
Two-thirds of Americans want to eliminate the offshore tax haven loophole. Why hasn't Congress done so? A broken campaign finance system.
The function of banking should be providing affordable loans to small business and hardworking Americans, not gambling on Wall Street.
The fact of the matter is trade agreements pushed by corporate America are very good for CEOs, but disastrous for American workers.
In my view, the lack of affordable higher education in the United States is counter-productive to our efforts to create a strong economy.
55% of Americans agree we need to break up the big banks. The American people realize too-big-to-fail banks threaten our economic freedom.
56% of children in Puerto Rico live in poverty. Wall Street cannot be allowed to squeeze people who are suffering.

We can feed a senior for an entire year for the cost of one day in the hospital. Let’s expand and support the Older Americans Act. 
It's unacceptable that, every day, millions of seniors have to juggle their limited budgets to buy food, medicine or pay rent. 
The average worker pays $760 in extra taxes each year to close the revenue gap left by the 50 largest corporations hiding profits offshore.
62% of Americans want to eliminate special tax breaks for fossil fuel companies. We've had enough of big oil getting rich on our dime.
The epidemic of price gouging in the drug industry is an obscenity. The rising cost of prescriptions has become its own health hazard.
It is not utopian thinking to say that every American should have health insurance as a right. It's reality in many countries already.
Standing with striking workers on picket lines is something that I have been doing for my entire life. That is what I do and what I believe.
In Germany, college tuition is free. In America, it's increasingly unaffordable. Which country do you think has a competitive advantage?
If a police officer breaks the law, like any public official, that officer must be held accountable.
By expanding employee ownership we can create stronger companies, stem job loss, and improve working conditions.
I just don't think human life is about making billions and billions of dollars and ignoring the reality around me.

We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the American citizens of Puerto Rico with the dignity that they deserve.
The restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt must be in the best interest of its  million  citizens, not Wall Street vulture capitalists.
Sanders to Senate Democrats: Do We Stand With Puerto Rico or Wall Street and the Tea Party?  
We must bring about pay equity. It's unconscionable for women to earn 79 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work.
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win.
We are facing a two-pronged attack on our democracy: unlimited money in the political process, paired with the systematic voter suppression.
It is an embarrassment that Republicans, in order to preserve their majority, have refused to fix our broken voting system.
It's a disgrace that so many young Americans do not go to college, not because they are unqualified, but because they can't afford it.
We need an immigration policy that brings families together, not one that tears them apart.
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality we have in the United States is a grave danger to our economy and our political system.
We have got to end this immoral imbalance of wealth and income distribution where so few have so much and so many have so little.
Our veterans have put their lives on the line. That is why we must do everything possible to ensure they receive the benefits they deserve.
The most serious crisis facing this country today is the lack of decent-paying jobs, particularly for young Americans.
We must act with a fierce sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class. We can start by raising the minimum wage to $15/hour.
72% of Americans support paid family leave. It's time for Republicans to start supporting real family values.
Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
We must overturn Citizens United to state clearly: No person and certainly no corporation has the "First Amendment right" to buy elections.
RT @RaiseUpfor15: McDs is more profitable than ever and we are barely scraping by in poverty! See you next week McDonalds  https…
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Toxic Substances Control Act  
We will not return to the days of back-room abortions. The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, not the government.
The truth is, we've already seen a massive redistribution of wealth in America. But it's gone from the middle class to the wealthiest few.
Proud Vermont is leading on clean energy. To fight climate change, we must move aggressively to renewable energy. 
RT @hiltzikm: Why is Congress trying to weaken the FDA's oversight of dangerous drugs? The answer is money: 
We cannot afford to wait to address this public health crisis. We must quickly fund efforts to stop Zika's spread. 
History will record that the Citizens United decision is one of the worst in the history of our country.
No democracy, and certainly not our democracy, should be about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections.
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
No mother should be forced back to work days after giving birth. If every other major country can have paid maternity leave, so can we.
We need austerity for hedge fund managers who've exacerbated the Puerto Rico financial crisis. We don’t need more austerity for children.
The legislation to establish an unelected control board in Puerto Rico is a move in exactly the wrong direction and is unacceptable.
NEWS: Sanders Statement in Opposition to Legislation to Establish A Control Board in Puerto Rico  
No matter what school you go to or where you live, transgender students must be protected from discrimination. It's about basic equality.
One can't make the changes that this country needs, frankly, unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street and much of corporate America.
25% of Americans 60+ have lost all of their teeth. Everyone should have access to quality and affordable oral healthcare. 
Billionaires supporting billionaires is not democracy. It’s oligarchy.
Nearly 10 percent of our nation's 600,000 bridges have been designated as structurally deficient. It's time to rebuild our infrastructure!
The   can be a leader in reversing climate change by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels to clean energies.
In 2016, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. We must raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15/hour.
12 consecutive months of record warmth for our planet. When will Republicans accept the reality of climate change? 
While we can never truly repay the debt we owe to our veterans, we have a moral obligation to provide the benefits they deserve.
We must not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria often with just the clothes on their backs. 
It's absurd that the average CEO makes 335 times more than the average worker. This grotesque pay gap has got to end.
We are in this together. The truth is, on some level, when you hurt, when your children hurt, I hurt. And when my kids hurt, you hurt.
This long overdue change in overtime rules is a step in the right direction and good news for millions of workers. 
Extending overtime pay will help millions of families. It’s time hard working Americans got the pay they deserve. 
There is no justice when a small few have enough wealth to support their families for millennia while so many struggle to survive each day.
It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is everyone has an impact on everyone else.
American workers are some of the most overworked yet our standard of living has fallen. For many, the American dream has become a nightmare.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Emergency Funding to Combat Zika Virus 
Too many people have struggled and died to maintain our democratic vision. We owe it to them and to our children to maintain it.
People should not be dying in the United States of America because they couldn't afford a check-up or a prescription.
If the Federal Reserve could bail out Wall Street, it can help the  million Americans in Puerto Rico.
It's a tragedy that unemployment for black graduates is higher today than it was for whites after the recession. 
Change comes, even in the face of overwhelming odds. And recognition of the changes we have already made inspires us to fight even harder.
After raising prices over 200% Valeant shouldn't be praised for 10-40% rebates on lifesaving heart drugs. Drug companies' greed must end.
I'm not sure people who have money understand what poverty is like, including the toll fighting for survival takes on your mind and health.
If you look at the history of American involvement in regime change, you see that there are often unintended and dangerous consequences.
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule. It is the rule.
We live in a country today that has a rigged economy and a corrupt campaign finance system. We must strive to make fundamental changes.
When folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation and maybe the world.
When one-third of seniors in America depend on Social Security for almost all of their income, we must expand benefits, not cut them.
As a nation built by hardworking immigrants, we need to enact immigration policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
In striving to be a moral society, it is imperative we have the courage to stand with the poor and, when necessary, take on very powerful.
More tax breaks for the very large corporations is just one symptom of a political system that is grotesquely failing the average American.
Change never takes place from the top down, it comes from the bottom up. Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo
It's obscene for big bank executives who have so much to spend millions lobbying against raising the minimum wage. 
We must have the guts to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their short-term profits are not more important than the planet.
Change happens in this country when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. I believe we are in such a moment right now.
No one should feel deterred from attending college due to cost. That's why we must make public colleges and universities tuition free.
Infrastructure investment would not only make our country more productive and efficient, it would also create millions of new jobs.
The physiology of living paycheck to paycheck, the stress of not knowing how if you can afford food or pay rent, wreaks havoc on your body.
Horribly, someone born in Baltimore's poorest neighborhood can expect to live 20 years less than a person born in the wealthiest area.
The right to go to a public college or university tuition free is not a radical idea. In fact, it used to exist in the United States.
There's no such thing as safe offshore drilling. To protect our coastal communities we must . 
It's absurd that in the last 2 years, the wealth of 15 Americans increased by more than what is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans.
It's high time for Republicans to start listening to the scientific community that is telling us loud and clear that climate change is real.
When the number of seniors is skyrocketing, we must increase funding to enable everyone to retire with dignity. 
It's absurd that as the wealthiest country in the history of the world, more than half of our older workers have no retirement savings.
Just one pill of a lifesaving cancer drug costs $750! Access to health care is a human right. That must include affordable medication.
 to when Bernie advocated for DC  1993.

I agree @POTUS. That's why I introduced legislation to make Election Day a national holiday:  
We are not going to allow the extreme right-wing to viciously attack and defund Planned Parenthood. We are going to expand it.
RT @ReutersBiz: .@SenSanders and @SenWarren are among lawmakers asking Yellen to diversify the Fed:  …
The cost of war is a battle that will continue until the very last veteran receives all of the care and all of the benefits they deserve.
We could fully fund tuition-free public colleges if corporations paid in taxes today what they paid under "radical socialist" Ronald Reagan.
Curbing methane leaks is a good step, but if we're serious about combatting climate change we must ban all fracking. 
This is what inequality looks like: One family owns more wealth than 43% of Americans. 
Let’s be honest. We're rapidly moving toward a political system in which a handful of very wealthy people determine who gets elected.
A nation cannot survive politically or economically when so few have so much and so many have so little as they do in America today.
Republicans gave the wealthiest portion of the population tax breaks and now say we don't have enough money to protect the sick and the old.
People are right to be angry: they understand they did not cause the recession, but they had to pay for it while Wall Street grew richer.
Democratic socialism is the belief that economic growth needs to benefit all of our people, not just the few on top.
Shamefully, the same people who advocate for new wars are often the ones who vote against making benefits more accessible for our veterans.
We lose over $100 billion a year in revenue because large corporations stash their cash in offshore tax havens. That is unacceptable.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. All Americans should have access to the health care services they need, regardless of their income.
A corrupt finance system has made income inequality not only a threat to our economic security, but a threat to our democratic values.
Proud of the activists who helped get Big Oil out of the Arctic. Now it's time to ban all offshore drilling. 
The truth of the matter is, if the big banks collapsed again tomorrow, the American people would once again be on the hook to bail them out.
Unless we reform campaign finance, the  Congress will become paid employees of the billionaires who sponsor their campaigns.
It is a disgrace that the top 25 hedge managers made more than all the nation's kindergarten teachers combined. 
The struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is a struggle that must be fought by every generation.
When the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.
Increasingly the Congress is not responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans. They are responsive to the big-money campaign contributors.
We have an absurd approach to campaign finance which allows the very wealthy and major corporations to buy and sell politicians.
RT @bfp_news: Vermont receives $3 million for housing rehab 
While our children are hungry and homeless, the wealthiest people in this country have grown far richer while their taxes have been lowered.
We must end capital punishment. I'd rather we stand with European democracies than countries like China that maintain the death penalty.
If we want Social Security to be fully solvent for future generations, we must lift the cap on taxable income above $250,000.
We must not accept young people leaving college and graduate school with a very heavy debt burden which many of them will carry for decades.
Investing in our public transportation would boldly cut our greenhouse gas emissions and save thousands of dollars for commuters each year.
We must ensure communities that have been dependent on fossil fuels receive the training they need for the clean energy jobs of the future.
Men and women in our country made enormous sacrifices to protect “one person, one vote.” We must safeguard their vision.
The Republican approach to deficit reduction is the Robin Hood philosophy in reverse: they want to take from the poor to give to the rich.
It is time to lift the federal ban on marijuana. No one sincerely believes that marijuana deserves to be classified beside heroin.
For centuries, our nation slowly but steadily moved towards a more inclusive democracy. Money in politics threatens to reverse that trend.
The American people are not dumb. They know if someone is spending millions of dollars on a campaign, that person wants something in return.
The very idea of a minimum wage was once considered radical not all that long ago, yet now it is widely considered a bedrock of our nation.
Enough is enough. We need an economy that does not allow the top 1 percent to earn 58 percent of all of the new income in America today.
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years, Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth.
You do not have to have a PhD in economics to understand that our unfettered free trade policies have failed.
By transitioning away from fossil fuels toward clean energies such as wind and solar, we can create millions of good-paying jobs in the 
Fossil fuel companies got enormously wealthy off of destroying our planet. They don’t need the $20 billion a year we give them in subsides.
We have a moral responsibility to help working families in the fossil fuel industry find new jobs as we shift toward a clean energy economy.
15 million children in America today are living in families that struggle to put enough food on the table. This is an issue we must address.
The ruling class knows if we fight for decent wages, for education, for the right to Social Security, we win. If they divide us, they win.
FDR was absolutely right when he said that the test of our progress is how we take care for the poor and our most vulnerable people.
Wealth should serve the people. Growth for the sake of growth isn't worth much if all of it goes to the few who already have much.
When we, the richest nation, have neighborhoods with higher infant mortality than the West Bank, it isn't merely a tragedy but an injustice.
Residents of Baltimore’s poorest boroughs have lifespans shorter than people living under dictatorship in North Korea. That is a disgrace.
130,000 people die every year as a result of poverty. This is an issue that we cannot sweep under the rug and hope it goes away.
In McDowell County, West Virginia, the life expectancy for men is just 64 years. Just 6 hours away it's 82 years. 
It's unacceptable that nearly 47 million Americans and 21% of kids are currently living below the poverty line.
To confront the crises facing this country, we must tap the intellectual capacities of every person without making tuition an obstacle.
American exceptionalism should not be about being the only country besides Papua New Guinea that does not provide paid maternity leave.
On the TPP, we must take the side of unions and environmental groups who oppose it, not multinational corporations trying to outsource jobs.
The fact that billionaires' views are wildly out of step with most Americans goes a long way in explaining why the same is true of Congress.
Democrats will find success by making it clear they stand with the American people and are prepared to take on powerful special interests.
Considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.
As a nation that prides itself on its dedication to family values, guaranteed paid family and medical leave should be our top priority.
It's outrageous that the 14 wealthiest individuals in the country saw their net worth increase by over $157 billion dollars in just 2 years.
Student debt has reached crisis proportions in this country with over 43 million Americans burdened with student debt. This has got to end.
No one is so naive as to think Wall Street spent $800 million on lobbying and campaign donations in 2014 because they like giving away money
RT @VTEducation: Phil Fiermonte, state director for @SenSanders, thanks his North Country  teachers   …
The price of name-brand drugs has doubled in the last five years. We must put a stop to opportunistic price hikes by drug companies.
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal-justice system.
To ensure anyone who wants to run for office has the opportunity, our ultimate goal must be to move to publicly funded elections.
We need to increase the wages of at least 53 million Americans by raising the minimum wage from a starvation wage to $15 an hour.
The truth is we've got a corrupt campaign finance system undermining American democracy.
If corporate America wants us to buy their products, they have got to start making those products in America, not just in Mexico or China.
If we stand together, men and women, gay and straight, black, white, Latino and Asian, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
This is what real family values is about. No new parent should be forced back to work because of a lack of money. 
At a time when women workers earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.
America is not supposed to be about 20 people owning more wealth than the bottom 120 million Americans - half of our population.
You don't need an economics  to predict the effect of trade deals that put American workers in competition with workers making $5 a day.
It's my firm belief that quality education in America, from child care to higher education, must be affordable for all.
I don't think most people realize how often lobbyists write the bills affecting their industry. Truly, foxes guard the henhouse in Congress.
I say to the Walton family of Walmart: Get off welfare, pay your workers a living wage.
The billionaire class is very religious. Their religion is greed. It's not enough to own the economy, they want to own the government too.
When you hear some politician telling the world how tough he is, understand that it is not going to be his kids going off into that war.
Congress knew what free trade deals were about when they passed them. They knew because it was corporate lobbyists who wrote them.
We can substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the United States and combat climate change by implementing a carbon tax.
This is a rigged economy: The average household would make $156,000 a year if regular incomes grew at the same rate as the top 1 percent's.
We're headed for a day when members of Congress have NASCAR-style patches on their clothing saying: “Sponsored by the Koch Brothers.”
Help prevent prescription drug abuse. Turn in your unused or expired medication today. Find a collection site: 
Wealth and income inequality is the greatest economic, political and moral issue of our time both in America and across the global.
All over this country there are communities struggling with clean water. In America, in the year 2016 that is unacceptable and must change.
I don't care whether you're conservative or progressive, no candidate should have to beg billionaires for contributions.
It's time for the United States to catch up with the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee paid family and medical leave.
It's disgraceful for billionaires with lower tax rates than their secretaries to say deficit reduction must start with Social Security cuts.
I’ve been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: Yes, health care is a right of all people.
I want to see America have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world not one of the lowest. We need automatic voter registration.
It's cruel for the GOP to blame the poor for a deficit they themselves caused by forgetting to pay for 2 wars and giving the 1% tax breaks.
Income should not determine whether you can go to college or see a doctor, or whether your elected representatives listen to your concerns.
It's not a radical idea for the United States to provide health care as a right, and 48 percent of millennials agree.
Bankers on Wall Street may be fraudulent but they're not dumb. They spend millions lobbying Congress because they know a good investment.
I’m proud that Vermont is once again leading the nation by making it easier for people to participate in the political process.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Vermont’s New Automatic Voter Registration Law  
In a thousand different ways, we are taught to think small. We are taught to think we can’t change the status quo. That does not have to be.
RT @MorningConsult: Bernie Sanders: still the most popular senator in America  
We must overturn Citizens United so that elections are truly decided by one-person, one-vote, and not by a small number of wealthy families.
There is something immoral and unsustainable about our economic system when the top 1 percent owns more wealth than the bottom 99 percent.
Why is it that in the wealthiest country in the world, people are working two to three jobs just to get by? The answer is corporate greed.
We must no longer tolerate an economy and a political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans.
Now that a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago we must ensure higher education is affordable for all.
It's saddening to see 59% of millennials agree that women still face barriers to advancement. We must put an end to gender discrimination.
We must never forget that the United States government belongs to all of us and not just the 1 percent.
Polls clearly show that progressives and conservatives are united in the belief that it is necessary to reform our campaign finance system.
Something is fundamentally wrong with our global economy when the wealthiest 60 people own as much wealth as  billion people.
My parents never had much money but were able to send their kids to college. That dream is no longer a reality for many folks in America.
Many politicians' job day after day is calling wealthy folks to ask for donations. Inevitably their worldview is shaped by those people.
We must create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests. 
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they are unable to retire with dignity.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system in America which isn't only grossly unfair, but in many respects, corrupt.
Americans deserve affordable cable and internet access. This merger will lead to fewer options and higher prices. 
People who get sick shouldn't have to worry about cost. They should not end up in an emergency room because they couldn't afford a check-up.
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers who make millions pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers. Period.
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. It's simple. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
There’s always money for war and for tax breaks for billionaires. But somehow there’s never enough money to rebuild the inner cities.
The truth is, we have a rigged economy. It is unsustainable. It is not moral. And it's not the economy we need to be a great nation.
Unless Congress stands up for the middle class that's getting stepped on by the billionaire class, soon there won't be a middle class left.
It is not a radical idea for every man, woman and child in the United States to have a decent standard of living.
The rising cost of college sends the terrible message to young people that your family's wealth should determine your success.
Any politician who passes laws to suppress the vote is a political coward and needs to get another job.
The time is long overdue for tax reform which says to the wealthy and large corporations that they have to begin paying their fair share.
Real change does not take place by sitting down with Mitch McConnell. Real change has always taken place when millions of people demand it.
We can combat voter suppression and increase turnout by ensuring that anyone who is of voting age is automatically registered to vote.
Freedom of speech, in my view, does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
You want to know something that is radical: You are living in the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care as a right.
Climate change is a global crisis. We've got to move in a bold way to transform our energy system. We have to do it yesterday.
My platform isn't radical. Radical is that based on a series of lies we invaded Iraq and hundreds of thousands of people died.
We have the moral obligation to leave a habitable planet for our kids and our grandchildren. We must put an end to our use of fossil fuels.
Change never comes easily, but in America we've made progress that was once unimaginable -- and we can do so again.
What message are we sending kids from poor and middle-class families by saddling them with insurmountable debt for getting an education?
Despite living in the most technologically advanced economy in human history, Americans are still worker longer hours for lower wages.
It's insane that while McDonald's has opposed an $15 an hour minimum wage for its employees, its CEO received a 368% raise last year.
If we're serious about reducing income inequality and rebuilding the middle class, we must increase the number of union jobs in this country
We need to make certain every kid in this country, regardless of income, can go to college and leave school without crushing financial debt.
It makes no sense to me that CEOs can see their salaries increase by 1000% over 36 years while workers make starvation wages of $
Big, powerful donors are so invested in the status quo that we aren't going to change America unless millions of us fight for that change.
We must recognize that allowing all qualified students to achieve a higher education is an investment in our nation's economic prosperity.
Change always happens when millions of people demand it. When the American people stand up and fight, they win.

I didn't hear folks in Congress calling wealth redistribution "radical" as $1 trillion got transferred from the middle class to the top 1%.
Why is it that only we can't have universal health care? If Germany, if Scandinavia, if every major country does it, then we can do it.
When labeling genetically modified food is required in 64 countries around the world, why is it not required in the United States?
It's insane people work two or three jobs just to cobble together enough income and some health care benefits to survive. This must end.
Forcing parents of a newborn baby to go back to work days after their kid is born is not a family value. We must guarantee paid family leave
It's grossly unfair that interest rates on student loans are two to three times higher than on auto loans.
When we reform campaign finance, we create a more efficient Congress whose members will no longer need to spend half their time fundraising.
The US has got to join every other major industrialized country and guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.
Campaign finance isn't an arcane debate. It has real effects on each working person whose interests are disregarded for big donors.
In a democracy, spending millions of dollars on lobbyists should not be the most profitable investment that a corporation can make.
I’m pleased the president signed an extension of the Older Americans Act into law today. In this rich nation, no senior should go hungry.
It's ludicrous that Morgan Stanley paid nothing in federal income taxes last year, but received $604 million refund from the IRS.
It is high time we understood that we have to invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.
It is absolutely vital that we act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels. . 
Our vision for democracy should be one in which politicians are improving the lives of every day Americans, not just wealthy billionaires.
The  rise in drug spending last year was due in large part to price hikes on existing medication. Big drug companies are ripping us off
Rather than an economy aimed at the common good, deregulation and Reaganomics have left us with an economy operated by and for the top 1%.
Just 50 people give 41% of super PAC donations. Citizens United has given a few ultra-wealthy people unprecedented power over our democracy.
Transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels will not only protect the environment but create good-paying jobs.
When your kid gets sick, you should know that you can take them to the doctor. Do you know what kind of load that is off parents' shoulders?
As a nation built by immigrants, we must strive for humane immigration policies that unify families, not tear them apart. 
The reality is that for 40 years there’s been an enormous transfer of wealth from the middle class and poor to the rich.
The  can create the necessary revenue needed to create millions of jobs to rebuild our infrastructure by closing corporate tax loopholes
Maybe before we demand cuts to Social Security, we should end the blatant outrage of offshore tax havens that cost us $100 billion per year.
We can create million of jobs and fight climate change by transforming our energy system away from oil, coal and gas to renewable energy.
How do we make the American dream a reality again? We can start by making college tuition free so every American can get an education.
Corporations should not be able to buy their own tax rate with lobbyists. In a democratic society, everyone must pay their fair share.
There is something massively wrong when the 62 richest folks in the world own more wealth than the bottom  billion.
The middle class in America is angry because for decades their wages have stagnated while the rich got richer.  That must change.
Every working person in the United States should have a chance at a decent life through guaranteed paid medical, family and sick leave.
It's appalling that nearly half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings and no idea how they will be able to retire with dignity.
The biggest banks spent over $20 million on lobbying every year. It would be naive to suggest they aren't expecting anything in return.
All the time, I see billionaires pushing policies that make themselves richer and others poorer. That’s not what human life should be about.
The challenges facing our planet are not mainly technological or even financial. Our challenge is mostly a moral one.
Why did the 50 largest companies spend $ billion lobbying elected officials? To get $337 billion in tax breaks. 
It's a disgrace that the tax dodging of multinational corporations costs the  approximately $111 billion each year. This must end.
What the pope is saying and I'm saying is that our lives should be about more than just the accumulation of wealth.

It's a national disgrace that 70 percent of undergraduates leave college with heavy debts that will burden them for decades.
RT @TheWorldPost: Bernie Sanders joins world leaders, celebrities in call for overhaul of global drug policy  https:…
62% of Americans have less than $1,000 in their savings accounts and unlike big banks they don't get to go to Congress for a bailout check.
It's alarming that just 62 individuals have the same wealth as  billion people. That's nearly half of humanity.
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders: I annotated a speech by Pope Francis  
If corporations can be American when they need a bailout from the American people, then they can pay their fair share of  taxes too.
It is outrageous that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
RT @OxfamAmerica: Top 50 US companies stash $ TRILLION in . Here's what it costs poor countries →  http…
No full-time worker deserves to live in poverty. We have got to raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
It's outrageous that one-fifth of large corporations in America paid nothing in taxes between 2008 to 2014. They must pay their fair share.
Women in America want the whole damn dollar. And they're right. Equal pay is an issue of basic equality not a radical idea.
It’s time to tell Wall Street that if they do not end their greed, we will end it for them.
The millionaire class and billionaire class increasingly own the political process, and they own the politicians that go to them for money.
My "radical" $5 billion youth jobs plan costs 1/120th the amount of potential tax revenue we let corporations hide overseas.
RT @DrugPolicyOrg: BIG thanks @SenWarren @CoryBooker @SenSanders for joining 1,000+ others urging UN to end the drug war. …
RT @CNNJustin: Who said it: 
Bernie Sanders or the Pope?  
When you organize at the grassroots level, whether it's gay rights or raising the minimum wage, that's when change takes place.
I know that people aren't comfortable when I say this, but I worry very, very much about the future of democracy in our country.
It's not a radical idea to ask large, wealthy corporations who are doing phenomenally well to start paying their fair share of taxes.
Big bank lobbyists are so powerful they've literally written some of our bank regulation laws. Institutions that powerful must be broken up.
The US must not accept the fact that CEOs are making nearly 300 times what the typical worker makes. We must put an end to corporate greed.
If Verizon can afford to pay their CEO $20 million, it can afford to give its employees fair wages and health benefits. 
The question of our time is whether we are prepared to take on the  billionaire class or do we slide into economic and political oligarchy.
Large corporations cannot continue to get more tax breaks when children in America go hungry. They must pay their fair share.
When this country has a $19 trillion national debt it's absurd that major profitable corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes.
NEWS: Many Profitable Corporations Pay Zero Federal Income Taxes, GAO Finds  
We must work together to ensure that everyone in the  has the possibility to fulfill their dreams without gender discrimination.
To keep billionaires from turning our democracy into an oligarchy, we must focus on campaign finance reform and public funding of elections.
It's unconscionable that women earn 79 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work.  
Climate change is real, not a hoax, and it is a planetary crisis that we have the knowledge and technology to address. End of story.
Like any other public official, if a police officer breaks the law they must be held accountable.
Black women make 60% of what a white man makes. For Hispanic women, it's 55%. That is nothing but sexism and discrimination. 
Pay equity is not a partisan issue. It's an issue of basic fairness. In America, there should be equal pay for equal work. 
It's absurd that on average women make $10,000 less per year compared to men for the same job. Equal pay is not a radical idea. 
5 years ago, $15 an hour was too radical. But when people see the justice of an idea, it catches fire very quickly.

A bank that's too big to fail is also big enough to buy elections. Big banks endanger both our economic security and our democratic values.
We're spending $80 billion a year locking up people. Nobody thinks that that makes sense.
The offshore tax haven network isn’t something that we need to reform or refine. It’s a form of legalized tax fraud that must end.
Bottom line is no single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure would send the world economy into crisis.
It is too late for establishment politics. The problems facing this country are so serious that the same-old, same-old ain't going to do it.
If college could be tuition free 50 years ago, I don't know why the hell we can't do it today.
If the United States is serious about moving toward energy independence in a cost-effective way then we should invest in solar energy.
We must not take Social Security for granted especially since the program provides dignity and security to millions of Americans every day.
I believe the function of banking should not be about making as much profits as possible but rather ensuring affordable loans for Americans.
It's not a radical idea to price fossil fuels and their effects on our communities in the form of a carbon tax.
Congress must ensure that the greed and recklessness of Wall Street can never destroy the livelihood of everyday Americans ever again.
Dr. King told us: You judge people on their character, not on the color of their skin. And I'd add not on their gender or sexual orientation
Let us never forget that the reckless behavior on Wall Street plunged the US into the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.
Congress must catch up with the scientific community and the rest of the country by acknowledging the severity of the climate change crisis.
It’s outrageous that as the rich become much richer, the level of income and wealth inequality has reached obscene and unimaginable levels.
No one in America in should ever have to choose between their medicine and their food, and yet millions have to make that choice every day.
Creating smaller banks will lead to more competition within the financial services industry and better interest rates for American consumers
We cannot continually allow the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet with impunity while reaping enormous profits. This must end.
Let me be as blunt as I can: The American political system has been totally corrupted by big money.
My entire political career has been dedicated to the conviction that all Americans are entitled to live lives of decency and dignity.
I applaud California and New York for listening to voters and raising the minimum wage. Now let’s bring the fight for $15 to all 50 states.
My memo to GE's CEO: Being a  company means investing in America, not taking our bailout while outsourcing jobs.

It's not a radical idea for the United States to have a banking system that is part of the productive economy that creates good paying jobs.
Today, the wealthiest Americans contribute less to Social Security than at any other time in recent history. They must pay their fair share.
The financial crisis on Wall Street demonstrated that we have a government that is of the 1 percent, by the 1 percent and for the 1 percent.
Our trade policies should not be enabling businesses to move to low-wage nations and then sell their products to folks they just laid off.
The onus is on Congress to follow the states and raise the federal minimum wage, the real value of which has fallen by 30% since 1968.
A nation is judged by how it cares for its most vulnerable. Pleased to see the the Older Americans Act pass today. 
It's ridiculous that the six largest banks in the US have assets that are equivalent to nearly 60 percent of our GDP. Enough is enough.
We must not tolerate an economy and a political system that benefits Wall Street over everyday citizens. The American people deserve better.
We cannot go back to the days the elderly and the poor had to fend for themselves because Social Security and Medicaid did not exist.
A Medicare-for-all system would save us hundreds of billions in health care costs a year. It’s financially smart and the moral thing to do.
I don't think you can be an American company only when you want a bailout from the American people. You have also got to pay American taxes.
A majority of conservatives like the minimum wage and want to see it increased. Republicans in Congress aren’t listening to their voters.
The largest  companies would owe $620 billion in  taxes on the cash they store in tax havens, the equivalent of our defense budget.
It is fundamentally wrong that America remains the only industrialized nation that does not guarantee health care to all people.
Pfizer’s merger was a transparent attempt to dodge  taxes. I applaud President Obama for taking decisive action. 
What America needs is an energy revolution that leads our nation toward energy independence and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
Study after study shows the American people are the world’s most overworked people. They deserve better than starvation wages.
Americans deserve a Federal Reserve that works for the middle class. To get there, we must close the Wall Street-Washington revolving door.
I applaud California and New York for listening to voters and raising the minimum wage. Now let’s ensure a livable wage in all fifty states.
Treasury’s new rules have put profitable corporations on notice that their greed will not be allowed to continue. 
Congress must pass legislation to close corporate tax loopholes, so we can create the millions of jobs we need. 
RT @qz: In a 2011 speech, Bernie Sanders predicted the revelations of the Panama Papers 👴 🔮 🇵🇦 
You can’t be a domestic company only when you want to enjoy our legal protections. You've got to also pay your fair share of taxes.
I am pleased that the Treasury has announced new rules to block profitable American companies from gaming the system to dodge  taxes.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds New Rules to Curb Corporate Tax Dodges 
I opposed the Panama Trade Agreement because, as the Panama Papers show, it helped the rich evade US taxes.

Big banks acted as American as apple pie when they needed our money in 2008, but when it’s time to pay taxes, they’re proud Panamanians.
Offshore tax havens are nothing but legalized tax fraud and the fiscally responsible thing, and the just thing, to do is to eliminate them.
Congress must eliminate tax code loopholes that allow the wealthy to avoid billions in taxes each year through offshore tax shelters.
I think the evidence is overwhelming that trickle down economics is a fraud. It works for the very wealthy, not working families.
To truly honor Dr. Martin Luther King we must fight to carry out his radical and bold vision for America.

Millionaires pay the same amount into Social Security as a person making $118,500. By lifting the cap we can strengthen Social Security.
RT @SSWorks: Elites say "everyone's" living longer so we need to cut . Wrong:   @SenSanders https://t…
In order to be a global leader in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, the United States must implement a carbon tax.
RT @NCPSSM: Growing disparities in life expectancy btwn America’s rich &amp; poor are eroding progressive nature of . https://t.…
American democracy is about one person, one vote. Today's ruling is a victory for equality in our political system. 
The United States cannot continue to provide tax breaks to companies that move jobs overseas. They must pay their fair share.
RT @aimeepicchi: As the poor die earlier, Social Security isn't paying off for them -- my story for @CBSNews 
Poverty should not be a death sentence. Every American should be able to retire with the benefits they’ve earned and dignity they deserve.
When over half of older workers have no retirement savings, we need to expand, not cut, Social Security.
NEWS: Low-Income Americans are Dying Young and Losing Out on Earned Social Security Benefits, GAO Finds. 
Enough is Enough. The function of the United States Congress is to represent all of our people and not just the wealthy and powerful.
It is not bad or harmful for the federal government to provide assistance to those in need. We need more compassion in government, not less.
The United States has the ability to create millions of good paying jobs by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We cannot allow our great nation to be hijacked by right-wing billionaires like the Koch brothers. We must fight back.
It's unacceptable that while wealthy corporations are doing phenomenally well the middle class is collapsing and poverty is increasing.
Everyone understands what our disastrous trade agreements are all about. They're written by corporate CEOs to benefit corporate CEOs.
We haven't yet come to terms with the cruelty of "welfare reform," which told us for years that increasing hunger and misery helps the poor.
The United States needs to end the international embarrassment of being the only industrialized nation not to provide paid family leave.
If Congress respected our planet as much as it respects banks, it would not be hard to come up with funds to transform our energy system.
For decades, the surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. We can and will change that.
Fracking contributes to the climate crisis, increases earthquake risks and poisons our water. Put simply, fracking is not the answer.
It's morally grotesque that in our country today poverty is a death sentence for so many Americans.
The American people must ask Congress: Do you stand for our interests or those of the billionaire campaign contributors?
For the past 81 years, Social Security has kept tens of millions of seniors out of poverty. That's why we need to expand, not cut, benefits.
Puerto Rico's economic crisis will not be improved by closing more schools, firing more teachers and suspending the minimum wage.
It's outrageous that everyday Americans such as nurses, teachers and firemen pay a higher tax rate than some billionaires.
It's unacceptable that in the richest nation on earth, only 25% of families that qualify for housing aid receive it. 
We cannot allow the fossil fuel industry to dismantle the Clean Power Plan which is vital to protecting our planet. 
Congress must act immediately to give Puerto Rico the authority to restructure its debt like every municipality in this country.
No one, least of all people in the richest country on Earth, should have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class, we need to empower workers to exercise their Constitutional right to form a union.
We should not accept that programs many other nations have instituted- affordable college, universal healthcare- are impossible in America.
Challenging the drug lobby over senseless price hikes means fighting for the lives of millions who can't afford the medication they need.
There's no time to waste. We must stand up to fossil fuel interests and demand bold action to combat climate change. 
I think the American people have a right to be angry as they look around and see their country losing its democratic values.
It's shameful and dangerous for Republicans to play politics with women's health.  
Broadband access is a necessity, not a luxury. I urge the @FCC to expand Lifeline and help millions of working families get online.
It is unconscionable that millions of people in the world’s richest country are one diagnosis or car accident away from financial disaster.
We must stand up to the pharmaceutical industry and send a clear message that crime will no longer pay. 
It's a disgrace that hundred of thousands of bright and qualified young people are unable to afford a higher education. This must end.
Congress must listen to what the American people want, and not just respond to the billionaire class and major campaign contributors.
Moving to a single-payer health care system will end the injustice of families being burdened by needlessly high copayments and deductibles.
It's absurd that while productivity in America has soared, workers are still working longer hours for lower wages and are cut out of profits
It is my firm belief that the United Sates has the moral obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement.
Republican legislatures across America are making it harder for minorities and the poor to vote. It's time to restore the Voting Rights Act.
In 2015 the wage gap among men saw its largest single-year increase on record.  
There are fair ways to reduce deficits but cutting programs that benefit the vulnerable while giving the rich tax breaks is not among them.
I do not believe that men and women fought and died for our right to vote so billionaires could buy elections to protect the powerful.
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
Common sense dictates that elections should be determined by who has the best ideas, not who can hustle the most money from the wealthy.
Social Security, the minimum wage and Medicare are just a few of the benefits workers won thanks in large part to the trade union movement.
We must make it easier, not harder, to form a union. We must confirm a justice who will give working people a voice. 
We must significantly cut carbon emissions and break our dependence on fossil fuels. We must commit to keep fossil fuels in the ground.
We have clean energy solutions to climate change. Fracking is not one of them. 
We are moving toward an oligarchy where we have a government of the billionaires, by the billionaires and for the billionaires.
RT @ReutersPolitics:  lawmakers want health agencies to lower prostate cancer drug cost 
Ending net neutrality would be a disaster for our country, for small businesses and for the free flow of ideas.
We must stop this blatant profiteering and put the drug industry on notice that the era of charging unconscionable prices must end.
The United States government should use every tool available to lower outrageously high prescription drug prices.
NEWS: Sanders urges HHS &amp; NIH to step in to lower the cost of a prostate cancer drug which costs 4 times more in US. 
Our economy cannot become vibrant or sustainable when the middle class is disappearing and working families lack disposable income.
It doesn't make much economic sense for us to pay twice as much for health care per capita as other nations that provide universal coverage.
It’s not just planes, tanks and guns that are a cost of war. The cost of war is taking care of those people who were injured in that war.
I want kids from families who don't have a lot of money to know that yes, if they do well in school they will be able to go to college.
Why is it that unlike most people in the industrialized world, Americans don't know if the food they eat has been genetically altered?
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy, America must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy.
We need to fundamentally change the way Wall Street does business. We should not risk our economy on casino-style gambling.
We must do away with the corporate loopholes that currently exist, which enable corporations to pay next to nothing in federal taxes.
There is no reason the United States must maintain a bloated military budget which spends almost as much as the rest of the world combined.
It is important that the American people stand together and end bigotry.
It's absurd that over the past decade the net worth of the top 400 billionaires in this country has doubled to an astronomical $1 trillion.
The bottom line is, if we hope to compete in the global economy, we must increase our investment in our transportation infrastructure.
Despite advances in technology and increases in productivity, millions of Americas today are still working longer hours for lower wages.
A student who studies hard gets hit with insurmountable debt, yet bankers who crashed our economy got a bailout and bonuses.
Now is the time, once and for all, to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
We cannot continue to let Congress' agenda be set by a billionaire class whose views are profoundly out of step with everyday Americans.
We've had enough environmental disasters to learn by now that there must be no new offshore drilling. Not now, not ever. 
We have got to fundamentally rewrite our trade policy laws so that American products, not jobs, are our number one export.
Fossil fuel companies are willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. That is incomprehensible.
Offshore drilling does not achieve the goals its advocates claim and is not worth the risk. Time to move away from oil, not drill for more.
If our democracy is to survive, we need to make this clear: our elections are not, and must never be, for sale to the highest bidder.
Between you and me, and everyone else in America, corporations are not people. They don't get a vote and shouldn't be able to buy elections.
We must ask the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share into Social Security by lifting the income payroll tax to $250,000.
My advice for climate change deniers in Congress is to worry more about their children's future and less about their campaign contributors.
Our political system by and large is owned and controlled by big money interests.
The Exxon Valdez oil spill cost up to $7 billion and the consequences persist today. The evidence is clear. We must keep it in the ground.
CEOs are seeing their salaries soar and the gap between the rich and the poor grows wider. That has to do with campaign finance reform.
RT @erin_vt: An aide to @SenSanders testified in  on making prescription drug prices more transparent.   #…
Our country should tell young people: "You can run for office without begging the rich and powerful for campaign contributions."
To discourage young people from going to college due to cost isn't just a tragedy for those individuals. It will be a tragedy for our nation
Apparently for many in the top 1%, owning and controlling our economy is not enough. They now want to own and control the government.
As the threat of oligarchy increases, the major political task we face is to protect our democracy.
I have real concerns about the war on drugs, which has destroyed the lives of many people who were never involved in violent activity.
Climate change is ultimately not a political issue. It's moral. Now is the time for bold action to save our planet. 
New tax breaks for the rich and big corporations may be popular in country clubs, but it's way out of touch with what most Americans want.
RT @aprilburbank: VT health care committee is working on prescription drug price transparency with a @SenSanders staffer.  https://t…
RT @cenkuygur: The people's interview tonight: Bernie Sanders on TYT. Live at 6PM ET. 
The ACA guaranteed women access to birth control, no matter whom they work for. Bosses shouldn't be able to take that away. 
No matter where you work or what you do, your birth control decisions should be up to you.  
America is not about attacking the most vulnerable people in our country. We cannot allow that to happen.
The government must be vigorous in protecting the American people from terrorism, but you can do that without undermining the Constitution.
For far too long, Congress has been set by powerful corporate interests and a right wing that doesn't represent the needs of most Americans.
We are fighting a terrorist organization, a barbaric organization that is killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion.
We can feed a senior for an entire year for the cost of one day in the hospital. Let’s expand and support Meals on Wheels.
No one will be successful in dividing us. America becomes a greater nation, a stronger nation, when we stand together as one people.
We offer our deepest condolences to the people of Brussels and stand with our European allies to offer any necessary assistance.
While other nations are guaranteeing health care as a right, we spend more on our military than the next nine nations combined.
We should end the regressive policy of government making billions in profits off student loans taken out by low and middle income families.
It is not acceptable that as workers have become more productive, their wages and benefits have gone down and profits went to those on top.
Congress must begin listening to the majority of Americans who are saying they do not want cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
Verizon made $39 billion in profit in 3 years. The workers who made that possible deserve a fair contract. 
Don't worry about the profits of fossil fuel companies. They're doing fine. Let's focus on transforming our energy system to save the planet
The wealthy have seen their incomes rise immensely in the last 30 years. It is not class warfare to say they don't need another tax break.
In a world of so much violence, I just don't believe that government itself should be part of that. We must abolish capital punishment.
Mexico's agricultural sector lost  million jobs in the 10 years after NAFTA. It was a lose-lose for working people both here and there.
It's unacceptable that the richest 16,000 families in the  now own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
We can't grow jobs if people don't have enough money to buy products made by other people. Raising the minimum wage is basic economic sense.
If we are to prosper in a global economy, we must have the best educational system in the world from childcare through college.
It is class warfare when the wealthy buy our elections to get tax breaks for themselves and cut spending to programs the rest of us need.
When the United States already requires labeling of more than 3,000 ingredients, there is no practical reason GMOs cannot join that list.
When our country's future depends on an educated labor force, we cannot afford to give in to right-wing demands to cut Pell Grant funding.
The federal government has a moral obligation to provide meaningful support for the rehabilitation of the men and women they send to war.
Greed guides the few on top: Corporate taxes are at a 60-year low but every year they demand more cuts.
RT @renaemerle: Sanders calls on Treasury to stop Pfizer from moving overseas to lower taxes 
It's unacceptable that, last year, the top 25 hedge fund managers earned more income than 425,000 public school teachers.
It's not a radical idea that a person who works 40 hours a week should not live in dire poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to $15/hour.
Enough is enough. It’s time to make banking work for all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy speculators.
We owe it to the over 22 million brave veterans living in the United States today to provide the benefits that they have earned and deserve.
RT @_MealsOnWheels: NEWS: 31 Senators signed a letter urging a 12% increase in funds for the . READ:  …
It is a national disgrace that the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country on earth.
NEWS: Sanders Leads Effort to Support Seniors Program  
The financial and human cost of negligence is too high for us to wait any longer to rebuild our infrastructure. 
NEWS: Sanders Calls on Treasury to Prevent Pfizer Tax Dodge  
Large multinational corporations should not be able to avoid paying  taxes when children in America go hungry. 
What perversion of democracy is it that a few trade negotiators, none accountable to voters, draft our trade policies which affect millions?
Refusing to hold hearings on the president's Supreme Court nominee would be unprecedented. 
The Republican perspective for decades has been that the poor are to blame for the deficit and they have written their budgets accordingly.
Boeing pays no taxes. Verizon gets a refund. Pfizer stashes their money abroad. It is high time we ask these groups to pay their fair share.
No, we will not balance the budget on the backs our most vulnerable groups. Too many in this country have already sacrificed enough.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future – the impacts are apparent here and now. We must act boldly. 
It's past time to put the interests of our brave men and women in uniform ahead of the profits of predatory banks. 
RT @SenJeffMerkley: My  w/@SenatorBaldwin @SenSanders @SenWarren is critical to help protect Main St. from  Hedge Funds ht…
It's beyond belief that in 2016 American kids are being poisoned by tap water. We must rebuild our water infrastructure. 
We give tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs to the tune of $500 billion in a ten-year period. Maybe it’s time to end that absurdity.
Despair is not an option - not if you want a decent future for your kids or grandchildren, not if you understand this country's potential.
Poverty is not just discomfort, it is often a death sentence. People with income in the bottom 20% die seven years earlier than the top 20%.
I don't think many lawmakers know that wages have been stagnant for 35 years. They don't see what people are going through.
It's simple, really: Politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. That's not radical. It's democracy.
Corporations lobby everyday for lower taxes even though they make record profits and their effective tax rates are at a sixty-year low.
Judge Garland is a strong nominee with decades of experience on the bench. @POTUS has done his job. It’s time for Republicans to do theirs.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on President Obama’s Supreme Court Nomination  
People have a right to know what's in the food they eat. GMO labeling exists in 64 other countries. There is no reason it can’t exist here.
I am pleased that Congress stood up to the demands of Monsanto and food industry corporations and rejected this outrageous bill.
Sen. Roberts' bill to block GMO labeling violates the will of the American people who overwhelmingly believe that GMOs should be labeled.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on GMO Labeling Legislation  
How horrific is it that in our country, the richest nation in the world, the life expectancy of poor women has been declining?
If we don't act, our grandkids will ask why we allowed fossil fuel companies to rake in record profits while climate change ravages earth.
We must work together to make Social Security solvent for our kids and grandchildren by lifting the cap on taxable income above $250,000.
The next decade of action on climate change is critical - if we do not act boldly, we will not be able to avoid catastrophic consequences.
The Export-Import bank gave taxpayer money to large corporations who then laid off American workers and shipped their jobs overseas.
Nearly one in five financial service professionals believe they must engage in illegal or unethical activity to be successful.
More than 1 in 3 financial executives say they've witnessed or have firsthand knowledge of potentially criminal wrongdoing in the workplace.
51% of Wall Street executives making over $500,000 a year said it was likely their competitors engage in unethical or illegal activity.
How many times have we heard the myth that what Wall Street did may have been wrong but it wasn’t illegal? Let me help shatter that myth.
We can save lives and help many people in need if we begin to understand that addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
Fossil fuel companies may seem to have a virtually unlimited supply of money and lobbyists in Washington, but together we can defeat them.
The deadline for a paid internship with Sen. Sanders this summer is Friday. Apply now: 
As a nation, we need to be more energy independent, less reliant on fossil fuel, and more reliant on local sustainable energy sources.
Sometimes it seems we have sadly forgotten about the millions of people lost their jobs, homes, and life savings not all that long ago.
RT @nytpolitics: Bernie Sanders has used the side doors of Congress to get what he wants through amendments  https:/…
The time is now for the wealthy and multinational corporations who are doing phenomenally well to help the middle class rebuild.
When our military budget rivals every other nation's combined, we can afford judicious cuts to our military without compromising our safety.
The sad reality is we have millions of Americans with less than $8,000 in savings wondering how they are going to retire with dignity.
It's outrageous that the median female worker earned $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
We are all in this together. It is our collective duty to ensure the millions of us who are uninsured have access to quality health care.
We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels in order to leave a planet that is healthy and habitable for future generations.
The bottom line is a great nation and a strong economy cannot exist alongside a crumbling infrastructure.
It's ridiculous that the Walton family is now worth $150 billion today. That is more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of Americans.
It is  unacceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers often enjoy an effective tax rate which is lower than their secretaries.
Nearly 4 million seniors experience food insecurity. We must ensure that the generation that built our great nation does not go hungry.
Our health care system is broken when millions who have health coverage can't afford to see a doctor due to high copayments and deductibles.
It is more than irresponsible for my Republican colleagues to risk the future of our planet in order to pander to fossil fuel lobbyists.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We have such a large national debt because George W. Bush gave tax breaks to billionaires and took us into two wars he forgot to pay for.
Over and over again, supporters of free trade agreements told us they would create jobs. Over and over again, they have been dead wrong.
I believe our country needs to be a leader on the global stage, and that means taking the lead on reversing climate change.
NEWS: Sanders Announces $ Million in Health Center Funds for Substance Abuse Treatment in Vermont 
High growth rates for corporations has paid off for those at the top. The rest of our people are done waiting for it to trickle down.
Social Security is arguably the most important Federal program we have. It's life or death for millions of senior today.
Want a paid internship with Sen. Bernie Sanders this summer? You've got a week to get in your application. 
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. Where's their bailout?
My message to the Export-Import Bank: If you use our money, then you represent American taxpayers, not just multinational corporations.
A nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us.
The time is long overdue for Congress to start representing the working families of America and not  just wealthy campaign contributors.
It is a national disgrace that a significant portion of the people who are homeless in America are veterans.
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost of failing to do so as soon as possible.
Climate change's deadly impacts on our most vulnerable communities makes rapidly addressing greenhouse gas emissions a moral imperative.
If you want taxpayers' money, then you must protect their jobs. Not a radical idea. But that idea has yet to come to the Export-Import Bank.
A handful of huge financial institutions have too much political power over our nation. They already pose a systemic risk to our democracy.
We are at a very strange moment in American history where virtually an entire political party is rejecting science. 
Proud of Vermont for passing paid sick leave. It's time for Congress to follow the state's lead and support real family values.
Today the 10 largest banks in the US are bigger than they were before we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
It is easy to declare war on other countries. It not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.
Whose views should we trust on trade legislation? Corporate America or organizations that represent working families and the environment?
Why do we pay large fees to withdraw our own money? Big banks must stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders.
I believe that as a nation, we must restore our public commitment to providing an affordable, quality higher education to every student.
The bottom line is when a person goes to the hospital, that person should not end up in bankruptcy.
It's ridiculous that we have over 45 million Americans living in poverty, almost more than at any time in the modern history of America.
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders this summer? Get your application in before March 18. Apply here: 
Climate change is already causing devastating harm here in the United States and to people all around the globe. 
The Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. The foxes are guarding the henhouse at the Fed.
RT @MotherJones: Read Bernie Sanders’ 1961 Testimony on His University’s Racist Housing Policy 
Women must have full control over their reproductive health in order to have full control over their lives. 
The simple fact is, Americans want to know what is in the food they're eating and whether that food is genetically engineered.
The simple fact is that the prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions of Americans.
Everyday, millions of seniors have to juggle with their limited budgets the choice of buying food or medicine. This has got to end!
When Wall Street talks, Congress listens. When working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?
The people who risked their lives in Selma showed that when people stand together for justice nothing is impossible. 
Making a $1 trillion investment to repair our infrastructure would create 13 million jobs, and that is exactly what we should be doing.
Cutting Social Security, a life and death issue for seniors and those with disabilities, isn't just bad economics- it's immoral.
It really is frightening when you have a party controlling the House and Senate saying, "You know what? We reject science."
Money is not free speech. Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.
It's unacceptable that Monsanto is more concerned about their own profits than about a consumer's right to know what they are eating.
Today we have more wealth inequality than any major country on Earth and the gap between the very rich and everybody else is growing wider.
It's absurd that in America, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, more than half of older workers have no retirement savings.
I'm not quite sure how anybody lives on $7,600 a year, but the sad reality is we have 20 percent of seniors who live at that level today.
The American people want fair elections. They want free elections. They don’t want billionaires buying elections.
Police departments in African-American neighborhoods should not look like occupying armies. We must demilitarize our police departments.
The American people understand: Taking care of veterans is as much a cost of war as tanks and guns. Our Congress needs to understand it too.
Now is the time to move to energy independence, break our dependency on fossil fuel and move to energy efficiency and sustainable energies.
The kind of "democracy" the ruling class likes is one where few people vote and the rich contribute huge amounts of money to the candidates.
Those who represent the rich and can’t address the needs of ordinary people instead manipulate people’s fear and ignorance to stay in power.
Campaign finance reform isn't a conservative issue or a liberal issue. It's an American issue. 
Happy birthday Vermont! 225 years ago today Vermont became the 14th state. 
We need to invest in our young people today, because they are our nation’s future doctors, teachers, engineers, scientists and senators.
While the economy has made gains the last six years, the reality is, the American middle class has been declining over the past 40 years.
Instead of giving more tax breaks to those who don’t need them, we should be expanding nutrition programs and other services for seniors.
The sad reality is nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
The bottom line is, it's more expensive to throw people in jail than to provide them with the training they need for a decent paying job.
We have got to make sure that every qualified American in this country who wants to go to college can go to college, regardless of income.
When the future of America depends on the education our young people,  free public education should not end at high school.
It's important to remember that we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Bernie's always understood that bad trade deals would pave the way for more lost jobs and more lost factories.

The FCC should not let Charter buy Time Warner. Even bigger monopolies won't lower cable and internet prices that are already too high.
If we are serious about creating the millions of good paying jobs we desperately need, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies.
Right now, if you are poor, government turns its back on you, yet it welcomes corporations and their lobbyists. We’ve got it backwards.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system today which is not only grossly unfair but, in many respects, corrupt.
If you think it's too expensive to take care of veterans, don't send them to war.

It is absurd that millions of workers are unemployed or underemployed when there is enormous work to be done rebuilding our infrastructure.
The Court must reaffirm that access to a safe and legal abortion is a woman’s constitutional right.  
We cannot go back to the days when women in America didn't have the right to control their own bodies. 
And it would have a domino effect, giving other states a green light to place a substantial burden on a woman’s right to an abortion.
It would have an especially devastating impact on low-income women who don't have the means or ability to travel long distances to a clinic.
900,000 women in Texas alone would have to travel over 150 miles in order to exercise their constitutionally protected reproductive rights.
If the Texas law is allowed to stand, abortion will officially become a right in name only.  
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Key Abortion Law Case   
The purpose of scapegoating, setting whites against blacks, native born against immigrants, is to deflect from issues that could unite them.
The key advocates for continuing free trade policies are precisely the people who are slashing jobs in America and shuttering factories.
Why is it that Republicans can accept and respect the research on cancer but are in denial when it comes to the science of climate change?
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace finally pay the taxes they should.
Low income teens now enroll in college in lower proportions than 2008. Your family income shouldn’t decide whether you get to go to college.
Vermont and other states must be allowed to label GMOs. Parents have a right to know what they're feeding their kids 
We need a major federal jobs program to put millions of Americans back to work. The fastest way to do that is to rebuild our infrastructure.
The overwhelming majority of Americans know that we have got to stand together. That if we start splintering, we're not going to succeed.
I believe that as a nation, we must restore our public commitment to providing an affordable, quality higher education to every student.
It is totally absurd that you can go out right now and get a lower interest rate on a car loan than you would pay on a student loan.
The decreasing cost of wind power shows that we can have a 100 percent clean energy future. 
RT @SenatorLeahy: Leahy &amp; @SenSanders Oppose Bill, Set For Sen. Markup Tues, That Would Block  ’s  Labeling Law …
If we're serious about ending climate change, we need to end the polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollution from fossil fuels.
Millions of people are working harder than ever without basic overtime protections. 
We have got to tell the largest corporations in America to stop dodging taxes and bring jobs back to the United States of America.
Medicare-for-all would save the American people and businesses more than $6 trillion over the next decade. 
RT @SenWarren: FMLA was a huge step fwd, and we must do more. Read my @BostonGlobe op-ed on how to level the playing field: …
Our Medicare drug programs have no cost control measures for one reason: they were written and signed off on by the pharmaceutical industry.
RT @oneunderscore__: Back when it was wildly politically unpopular, Mayor Bernie Sanders ran one of the only towns trans people felt safe
h…
We are producing enough to feed the hungry and provide what people need, yet our economy works day after day to make billionaires richer.
Many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
No American should have to go without the medication they need because Congress doesn't have the courage to stand up to the drug industry.
Do politicians in DC stand with ordinary Americans or will the extraordinary power of billionaire campaign contributors &amp; Big Money prevail?
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win.
America has more people behind bars than any major country – more even than China, an authoritarian regime.
The bottom line is, we can put end to the nearly 47 million Americans living in poverty by raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
We need to end the race to the bottom. Trade policies should protect, not endanger, the interests of American workers.
The very rich seem to want more and more and more, and are prepared to dismantle the existing political order to get it. We can’t let them.
Other countries negotiate with drug companies on their citizens' behalf to keep costs down. Our government should be able to do the same.
In my view, all Americans, regardless of income, should be able to get the education they need without going deeply in debt.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
The two largest private prison operators made a combined $361 million in profits in 2015. We must end the private, for-profit prison racket.
NEWS: Sanders Urges Action After New Report Details Private Prison Profits  
It's ridiculous that 21 percent of children in America are living in poverty, the highest in any industrialized country by far.
If we're serious about reducing wealth inequality and rebuilding the middle class, we must increase the number of union jobs in our country.
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
If you work 40 hours a week at the current federal minimum wage, you are making about $15,000 a year. That is undoubtedly a starvation wage.
The United States needs to join the rest of the industrialized world by implementing Rx drug policies that work for everybody.
It's totally insane that the monthly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last ten years to $9,900.
We should be transitioning away from fossil fuels, not incentivizing the extraction and exportation of natural gas. 
RT @davidshepardson: Five senators including @SenSanders raise concerns about @CharterCom @TWC merger 
The proposed New Charter deal would create a duopoly in the high-speed broadband industry and harm consumers. 
Enough is enough. Pfizer and other pharmaceutical companies can no longer be allowed to rip off American patients. 
PNTR with China led to the loss of 3 million American jobs. Free trade agreements have been an unmitigated disaster for our working people.
NEWS: Pfizer Dodges Taxes and Price Gouges Patients, New Report Finds  
NAFTA will be a disaster for American and Mexican farmers, the environment and the American taxpayer. - Bernie (10/6/1993)
NAFTA will simply accelerate the process by which working people become poorer and the wealthy become wealthier. - Bernie in 1993
It's very easy to turn our backs on kids who are hungry but I believe everybody in this country impacts everybody else in all kinds of ways.
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they have no health care.
It's outrageous that we give tax breaks to billionaires, yet we continue to have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country.
NEWS: Sanders Receives Perfect Score from League of Conservation Voters 
It's makes no sense to me that a drug sold in Britain for 66 cents a pill can be sold for $750 in the United States. This has got to end!
It's unacceptable that in our rigged economic system, almost all of the new income and wealth are going to the top one percent.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on FDA Nominee’s Confirmation  
I opposed Dr. Califf's nomination because I'm not convinced he will stand up to the pharmaceutical industry's greed. 
The bottom line is, if workers in this country want to exercise their constitutional right to join a union, they should be allowed to do so.
In my view, it's immoral and bad economics to cut Social Security when so many seniors and people with disabilities depend on it.
Vermont and other states must be allowed to label GMOs.  
People in other countries pay far less for their prescriptions. We should reduce barriers to importation of drugs from Canada and elsewhere.
When we put money into the hands of working people, they are going to go out and buy goods, buy services, and that will create jobs.
I think it is reasonable to demand that a full time job pay enough to lift a worker out of poverty, not keep them in it.
We live in the world's richest nation and yet 37 percent of African American kids and 47 percent of Native American kids live in poverty.
Guantanamo has damaged our moral standing and undermined our foreign policy. I'm glad to see a plan to shut it down. 
How do you have a drug manufactured by the same company, in the same factory sold in Canada for one-tenth the price as in the 
Almost everything FDR proposed - Medicare, a minimum wage - was called socialist. Yet these programs have become the fabric of our nation.
RT @HuffingtonPost: Watch Bernie Sanders demolish a homophobic Republican in 1995  
No single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
It's not a radical idea for the United States to join countries all over the world and allow consumers to know if a product contains GMOs.
If we can import tomatoes from Mexico, there is absolutely no reason why we cannot import affordable prescription drugs from Canada.
The future of prescription costs in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
We clearly need a new approach to prescription drugs in this country when 1 in 5 Americans are unable to afford to fill their prescriptions.
The time is long overdue for us to start investing in our young people to help them get the jobs they need to be a part of the middle class.
In my view, people have a right to make a telephone call today without that information being collected by the government.
At the end of the day, investing in senior nutrition programs saves Americans money by keeping seniors healthy and out of hospitals.
It's not a radical idea to have legislation that protects the safety of the American people and their constitutional right of privacy.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
The views of the billionaire class are profoundly out of step with working Americans, which goes a long way to explain Congress' agenda.
RT @HuffPostCollege: Here's footage of Bernie Sanders being arrested as a college student. 

If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about the big banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
It is disgraceful that millions of full-time workers live in poverty and millions more must work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
We should give authorities the strong tools they need to investigate suspected terrorists, but laws must also safeguard our civil liberties.
We have got to ask the largest corporations in America to stop dodging taxes and bring jobs back to the United States of America.
There is a war going on in this country. It is a war being waged by some of the wealthiest and most powerful people against working families
One of the reasons for the decline of the middle class and working people is that the trade unions which represent them are under attack.
The loss of thousands of factories and millions of good jobs prove we can no longer allow corporations to write our trade deals for us.
Real family values are paid sick time, paid family leave and guaranteed vacation time so parents can spend leisure time with their children
If the Fed could bail out Wall Street with extremely low interest rates, we can treat graduating college students with the same respect.
If we are to rebuild our middle class and be competitive in the global economy, we must join other nations and make college tuition free!
Instead of providing low-interest loans to companies that are exporting jobs, we should be investing in businesses creating jobs in the US.
Today, 1 in 5 seniors experience food insecurity. We should be expanding nutrition programs instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires.
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program so that students are not paying interest rates higher than they pay for car loans
If we stay on our current track, children today will have a lower standard of living than their parents. It's the American dream in reverse.
This country, this great country, belongs to all of us. We cannot allow it to be controlled by a handful on top who apparently want it all.
It is simply morally repugnant that we have privatized prisons all over America. We have got to end the for-profit prison racket.
In the coming years, the most powerful political party America won't be the Republican or Democratic Party, but the Koch Brothers Party.
Today, a quarter of the nation's bridges have been designated as structurally deficient. Now is the time to invest in our infrastructure.
It is unacceptable that in America today, you could be taking a lifesaving drug one day and find out it is no longer available the next.
The truth is that we can never repay the debt that we owe to those men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our country.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
When we discuss wealth inequality and campaign reform, ultimately we're asking a moral question: What kind of nation do we wish to become?
There is no valid reason to restrict a woman’s access to affordable birth control. 
Our country is great because we are the sons and daughters of immigrants, and I think we should all be very proud of that.
This week, millionaires stopped paying into Social Security for 2016. That's absurd. We must lift the cap &amp; expand Social Security.
We cannot continue to round up and deport thousands of immigrant families to address a crisis that requires compassion and humane solutions.
It is my view that we need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
The trade agreements pushed by corporate America are great if you are CEO of a major corporation, but are a disaster for American workers.
Congress will never regain the American people's confidence unless we have the guts to stand with working people &amp; take on moneyed interests
I am very worried about the US Congress turning its back on science and those who tell us that we have got to cut back on carbon emissions.
By breaking up too-big-to-fail banks before they face a crisis, we can ensure a healthy financial system &amp; prevent another taxpayer bailout.
If a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. 
For decades, we have been engaged in a failed ‘War on Drugs’ with racially-biased mandatory minimums that punish people of color unfairly.
We have to deal with the reality that 50% of young black kids are unemployed and that we have massive poverty in America.
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class and creating millions of good jobs, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies.
For three decades after World War II, productivity and wages grew together. Today, productivity is soaring but workers' wages are stagnant.
Democracy means one person, one vote. It does not mean that the Koch Brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We need legislation which makes it possible for workers who want to join a union to do so. We must pass the Employee Free Choice Act.
Our guiding principle in terms of immigration reform must be to unite families, not divide them up.
“We can either have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few.” - Louis Brandeis
We will not tolerate calls to send back unaccompanied children and victims of crime and domestic violence to the countries they have fled.
How insane is it for us to literally discourage bright young people from attending college because of how much money their parents make?
We must listen to the scientific community, not Fox News, and lead the world in reversing climate change.
I remain opposed to the free trade agreements like NAFTA that forced American workers to compete against people who make pennies an hour.
When people stand together for justice, nothing is impossible.
I will never forget Alan Greenspan visiting Congress to tell us how great deregulation was. I didn't buy it then, and I don't buy it now.
Today, African American unemployment is double the national average. The struggle for racial and economic justice continues.
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and colleagues, who mourn his passing.
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to at least $15/hour!
NEWS: Sanders Backs @SenatorReid's Legislation to Guarantee Due Process for Border Refugees  
Republicans need to worry less about their campaign contributions and more about leaving our kids a planet that is healthy and habitable.
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve.
Since 2001, our disastrous unfettered ‘free trade’ policies have lost over  million decent-paying manufacturing jobs. Enough is enough!
We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels if we are interested in subsiding the irreversible effects of climate change.
There was once a time when our nation's infrastructure - roads, bridges, rail - were the envy of the world. Sadly that's no longer the case.
We must end the scandal in which millions of Americans, many earning less than $30K/year, work 50 or 60 hours a week without overtime.
It makes no sense that students and their parents are forced to pay interest rates for college loans that are higher than housing mortgages.
RT @chrislhayes: Here's the link to Sanders floor speech on the 1994 crime bill 
One of the most serious crisis facing this country is the lack of decent-paying jobs for young Americans. We must defeat this crisis.
Must Read: Disparity in Life Spans of the Rich and the Poor Is Growing -@stavernise  
It's imperative that the one-in-five Americans living with a mental health condition receive care in a timely manner.
Higher education is a strategic investment in our nation’s future. That is why education should be a right, not a privilege.
The opioid epidemic claims 78 lives each day. We must ensure lifesaving drugs, such as naloxone, are accessible to those who need them.
In the 1950s large corporations contributed over 30% of federal tax revenue. Today it's less than 10 and they still ask for more tax breaks.
The American people understand that the federal minimum wage of $ is a starvation wage. It is not a wage that anybody can live on.
The Koch brothers are spending hundreds of millions so they can have a Congress that works for the 1 percent. We can’t let that happen.
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thanks to lawmakers like @SenSanders, workers like Sontia got BIG raises at the Capitol!  …
So proud that Vermont continues to be a national leader on solar energy.  
Must Read: Ex Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner is finally cashing in on Wall Street. 
Victims of crime and domestic violence should not be afraid of being deported for calling the police.
NEWS: Sanders, Grijalva Demand Accountability for Immigration Enforcement Program 
It is crazy that we have Republicans who not only will not raise the minimum wage, but want to do away with the concept of a minimum wage.
The only major voter fraud we have in America are elected officials enacting voting restrictions to protect their own seats in office.
We need trade policies that are designed for the American worker, not for the multinational corporations who are richer than ever before.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Strengthened Sanctions on North Korea  
In 2009, Exxon Mobil made $19 billion in profits and actually received a $156 million rebate from the IRS. That's corporate welfare.
Older workers are worried about what will happen when they retire. We have to ensure they retire with dignity by expanding Social Security.
It's unacceptable that in the richest countries in the world millions of young people are unable to find work and begin their careers.
Change does not take place easily. Anyone who’s read history understands that.
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
The Supreme Court's decision is deeply disappointing. There's no time to spare in the fight to combat climate change 
When two-thirds of American seniors rely on Social Security benefits for most of their income, we must expand Social Security - not cut it!
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
In our rigged economic system, almost all of the new income and wealth are going to the top one percent.
Climate change is real and caused by human  job is to aggressively transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We need trade policies that work for the working families of our nation and not just the CEOs of large, multi-national corporations.
We must learn from other nations who say to their young people: You want to go to college? You can go to college, regardless of your income.
While we tackle grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.
In 2014, drug makers spent $250 million on lobbying and campaign contributions. Even in DC, that’s a lot of money. 
We have a moral responsibility to reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else.
The true greatness of a country does not lie in the number of millionaires and billionaires it has.
Drug industry launches ad campaign as it lobbies against any effort to rein in prescription costs -@joewalkerWSJ. 
In the year 2016, a job must lift Americans out of poverty, not keep them in it. We have got to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
Your ability to vote shouldn’t depend on whether you have a car or how much money you have.  It’s your right, plain and simple.
Attempts by elected officials to win elections by suppressing voter turnout isn't just political cowardice- it undermines our democracy.
In the United States, CEOs make 300 times what their workers make. This is simply immoral and must be dealt with.
We must reform our campaign finance system so Congress' work reflects the needs of working families and not the billionaire class.
There was once a time when the United States was No. 1 in infrastructure. Today we are No. 12. We need to invest in our infrastructure.
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice!
It's outrageous that nearly 45% of American households lack any meaningful access to transit. We must rebuild our crumbling infrastructure!
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail!
Flashback: Months before the Veterans Affairs scandal was exposed, Bernie tried to expand health care for veterans.

The bottom line is that unilateral military action should be the last resort, not the first option.
Enough is enough! This great nation belongs to the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists.
There is no reason why the United States is the only major country on Earth that does not have a family and medical leave policy.
There is something profoundly wrong when one family in America, the Walton family of Walmart, owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent.
It is my view that we need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
Next time you hear a politician talk about family values, ask them where they stand on paid family leave. 
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave! .
It’s disgraceful that America is the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave.  
The answer to unemployment and poverty is not and cannot be the mass incarceration of young Americans of all races.
There is no reason that American workers should be denied paid family leave, a benefit that workers in every advanced economy already enjoy.
I believe it is time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country and say no to the death penalty.
30% of every health care dollar spent in the United States goes to administrative costs, rather than to delivering care. We can do better.
I've always strongly opposed trade agreements like NAFTA and TPP, which were written by corporate America and have cost us millions of jobs.
The time is long overdue for us to start investing in our young people and to help them get the jobs and education they need.
It's an outrage that we have seen a proliferation of millionaires while ordinary Americans are working longer hours for lower wages.
It's time for Americans to say, "ENOUGH is ENOUGH. We won't accept another year of astronomical prescription price increases."
That's why @RepCummings and I have put forward a comprehensive plan to stop skyrocketing drug prices. 
The American people are fed up with the blatant profiteering of pharmaceutical company CEOs like Martin Shkreli. It must end.
We pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. One in five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions.
Although Martin Shkreli’s greed is in the national spotlight today, skyrocketing drug prices are a daily struggle for many Americans.
Let's face it: until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary Americans.
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer.
It's outrageous that in the industrialized world, the United States is No. 1 in billionaires and No. 1 in childhood poverty.
When millions of working Americans are still living in poverty, it is absolutely imperative that we raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
It's outrageous we still have 29 million people in this country who have zero health insurance. This has got to end!
When the average Social Security benefit today is just $1,328 a month, it's time to extend and expand Social Security benefits not cut them!
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. 
It's unacceptable that Republicans want to cut Social Security, despite the fact that some seniors are trying to survive on $13,000 a year.
The bottom line is: do we cut social security benefits or do we ask the wealthiest corporations and Americans to pay their fair share?
Big business is willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. 
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty.
We are rapidly moving toward a nation of the super-rich, by the super-rich and for the super-rich.
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth.
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, to stand with working people and, when necessary, take on the powerful.
We must move towards a democracy where one can run for office without begging for contributions from the wealthy and the powerful.
Why is it that, despite huge advancements in technology and productivity, millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages?
The American people understand that our current economic system is rigged against them and designed to benefit the top 1%.
It’s time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve.
We are the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, but few Americans know it because so much of the new income goes to those on top.
It is unacceptable that Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose new fossil fuel pipelines.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that healthcare is a right of all, and not a privilege.
Instead of sheltering profits in the Cayman Islands, the largest corporations in this country must pay their fair share of taxes!
It is an outrage that the CEOs of large corporations are calling for tax breaks while the middle-class of this country is disappearing.
"While the income of a minority is increasing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling." -Pope Francis 
Between 2008 and 2013, GE, Boeing and Verizon paid no federal income taxes but received $ billion in tax rebates. This has got to end!
It makes no sense that kids who get caught with marijuana get police records while Wall St. CEOs who helped destroy the economy get raises.
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
More than twice as many elderly women lived in poverty than men in 2013. We should be expanding not cutting Social Security and Medicare
We need to give our kids, regardless of their race or income, a fair shot at attending college and make public universities tuition free.
27% of low wage workers are single parents. We just have got to recognize that the minimum wage we have now is totally inadequate.
We'll no longer tolerate an economy and a political system that's been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans.
It’s an outrage that millions of parents are forced back to work because they don’t have the income to stay home with their newborn babies.
The gender wage gap has lifelong effects. The average yearly Social Security income received by women is $12,857 compared to $16,590 for men
 should not be a partisan issue but instead an American issue of basic fairness.
 when women in America who do the same work as men earn 79 cents on the dollar.
One in every 15 African-American men is incarcerated, compared to one in every 106 white men. That is unacceptable.
We must end the disgrace of women making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men. We are going to have pay equity for women workers.
Across the country millions of people are working 2 or 3 jobs to cobble together enough income and health care to sustain their families.
It's unacceptable that the United States is five percent of the world’s population, yet we have 25 percent of the world’s prisoners.
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy, we must focus on efficient, renewable energy and not fossil fuels.
Republicans believe starvation wages are enough for millions of hard working Americans. I disagree. We must raise the minimum wage to $15!
People who live in low-income and minority communities will bear the most severe consequences of society’s addiction to fossil fuels.
35 million Americans should not have to go without the medication they need because they cannot afford it. 
Oil, coal and electric companies spent a staggering $ billion in lobbying since 2009. Even in Washington, that’s a lot of money.
It really is an embarrassment that Republican politicians, with few exceptions, refuse to even recognize the reality of climate change.
My definition of democratic socialism is creating a government that works for all of us, not just a handful of people on top.
There's already been a massive transfer of wealth in this country- trillions of dollars have gone from the middle class to the few on top.
Women are making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men and for women of color it’s even less. That's nothing but sexism and discrimination.
What the American economy should be about is fighting to protect the middle class, not indulging the greed of billionaires.
I believe that every kid in this country who has the ability and the desire should be able to get a higher education in this country.
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed, we should be doing everything we can to create jobs.
War must be the last choice, not the first option. 
In 2015, 35 million people didn't get their prescriptions filled because they didn't have enough money. Big Pharma must be held responsible
Congrats @chtrust for winning ! So proud of your work to expand the affordable housing programs we started together in VT
The US needs to join the rest of the industrialized world by implementing prescription drug policies that work for everybody, not just CEOs.
Congress needs to listen to the 72 percent of the American people who believe that the cost of medication is too expensive.
All of the pundits always tell us what we cannot accomplish until the day after we accomplish it. 
Dr. Califf’s extensive ties to pharmaceutical companies give me no reason to believe that he would make the FDA work for ordinary Americans.
NEWS: Sanders Places Hold on FDA Nominee  
It’s high time we stopped bailing out Wall Street and started repairing Main Street.
It's unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States has gone up by 
more than 90 percent since 2002.
We've ended up with a situation where millions of working people's tax rate is a hell of a lot higher than for some of the richest people.
Planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war. So is taking care of the men and women who use those weapons and fight our battles.
This is almost beyond belief. The wealthiest 14 people in this country saw their wealth increase between 2013 and 2015 by $157 billion.
If this country is to succeed in the future, we cannot continue to turn our backs on an entire generation of young people.
Americans are carrying more student debt than credit card or auto-loan debt. That’s a tragedy for our young people and for our nation.
I have a message for Republicans: Worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children and grandchildren.
Today, less than 9 percent of seniors live in poverty. Why do some people insist on cutting Social Security when it has been so effective?
Why do Republicans always have money for war but not for those in need?
Democracy should not be a war between one group of billionaire donors and another. That's why  we've got to overturn Citizens United.
We have a corporate establishment whose greed is destroying our economy, a political establishment which is beholden to billionaires.
"The quality of a society, I mean of a civilization, is also judged by how it treats elderly people." -Pope Francis 
Many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
Republicans say: Let’s give more tax breaks to the rich and to the corporations. This is wrong. Trickle-down economics has not worked.
The bottom line is that people can’t make it on $ or $8 an hour. We have to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
We must end the greed and selfishness of Wall Street. 
1 out of 5 Americans are unable to afford to purchase the drugs prescribed to them by their doctors. This is totally insane.
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's rights, we are going to expand them.
When you tell a woman that she can not control her own body, that’s extremism.
Corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
Too many girls and women are still suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse and that must end.
It's my firm belief that if the US Senate had 83 women and 17 men, women's reproductive rights would never be under question or debated.
Increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour would significantly boost the wages of more than 15 million women.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
We have to overturn Citizens United and move to the public funding of election, so the wealthy and the powerful cannot buy elections.
If we want a vibrant democracy, where candidates have an even playing field, we need to move toward public funding of elections.
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. 
As a result of Citizens United, the Supreme Court has given the wealthiest people an opportunity to own the United States government.
RT @EnvAm: @SenSanders Thank you for all your efforts to  for . And thanks in advance for stopping  override…
6 years ago today, the Supreme Court issued what I think is one of the most disastrous decisions in its history -- Citizens United.
In the US today 50 million people are still uninsured or underinsured. We live in a nation where health care is a privilege for the wealthy.
It's unacceptable that many kids have criminal records for smoking marijuana while the CEOs of banks do not. 
The United States needs to move toward community policing and make our police departments look more like the communities they serve.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say huge financial institutions are too powerful and we need to break 'em up.
The Koch brothers are spending huge sums of money to sow doubt about climate change. The reality is climate change is real and man-made.
It is absolutely vital that we act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels.
The debate is over. Climate change is real and caused by human activity. This planet and its people are in trouble. 
RT @billmckibben: Big big news--CA joins NY in investigating  scandal. "Casting a wide net" about their deceit …
As a society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, the United States must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
It's unbelievable that the Koch brothers saw their wealth increase by $18 billion in 2 years, yet paid lower taxes than the middle class.
As a nation, we must remain consistent with our immigrant tradition by welcoming those fleeing violence and ending the raids.
Our job is to tell every kid in this country, that if they work hard, regardless of family income, they will get a college education.
RT @Slate: How Bernie Sanders made his hometown affordable:  
I got a message for the Walton family of Walmart: Get off of welfare and pay your workers a living wage.
Are you ready for a radical idea? We are going to create an economy that works for the middle class, not the billionaire class.
Americans understand we have a rigged economy, where 47 million people are living in poverty and almost all new income is going to the top.
We have to make Congress respond to the needs of the people, not big money. 
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  
Dr. Martin Luther King: "We must ask the question, ‘Why are there forty million poor people in America?'" 
"Call it democracy, or call it democratic socialism, but there must be a better distribution of wealth." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 
Whenever anybody in this country is killed while in police custody, it should automatically trigger a  attorney general's investigation.
As we honor Dr. King, we must not only remember what he stood for, but also pledge to continue his vision to transform our country. 
The black unemployment rate has remained roughly twice as high as the white rate over the last 40 years. This is unacceptable.
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
The war on drugs has been a failure and has ruined the lives of too many people.
It's time for the US to join almost every other Western, industrialized country in saying no to the death penalty. 
We are spending almost twice as much per capita on health care as does any other nation. 
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage! 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is already causing huge devastation across the world. 
When you're sick, you should have access to health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
The measure of success for law enforcement should not be how many people get locked up. 
Today, if an employee is engaged in a union organizing campaign, they have a one in five chance of getting fired. This has got to end!
It's embarrassing that 20% of kids in America are living in poverty, the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country.
It is unacceptable that the typical female worker made $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
We must continue to boldly take on powerful political forces who are more concerned with short-term profits than the future of the planet.
We can create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests. This is not a radical idea.
We have a moral responsibility to leave our kids a healthy planet. The best way we can do that is by keeping fossil fuels in the ground.
Unbelievably, today in many states, it is still legal to fire someone for being gay. That is unacceptable and must change.
NEWS: Sanders statement on Obama's decision to halt new federal coal leases on public lands  
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most jailed population.
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and completely redo how we train police officers.
Sen. Ted Kennedy: Health care is "a matter of right and not of privilege." 
One family will spend more money this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This isn't democracy. It's oligarchy.
It seems to me that instead of building more jails, maybe, just maybe, we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids.
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
We're the only major country that doesn’t guarantee healthcare to all as a right, yet we spend more per capita on healthcare than any nation
I say to Walmart: Get off of welfare. Start paying your employees a living wage!
We'll no longer tolerate an economy and political system rigged by Wall St. to benefit the wealthiest at the expense of everyone else.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. That cannot continue.
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. We must resolve that health care is a right, not a privilege of those who can afford it
We need to change campaign finance so the work being done by Congress reflects the needs of working families, not just the billionaire class
There is no rational economic reason why women should earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
How is it that we can spend trillions on never ending wars but can't afford to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure? 
I appreciated @POTUS's point that we need more civil politics, to get big money out of politics, and to revitalize American democracy.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on the State of the Union Address  
We must make the Fed a more democratic institution, responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans rather than the billionaires on Wall St.
Too much of the Fed’s business is conducted in secret, known only to the bankers on its various boards and committees.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Audit the Fed Bill  
Medicare for all would guarantee health care for all people and save middle class families and our entire nation lot of money.
RT @dirtybirderic: Let's never forget what @SenSanders had to say about "homos in the military" back in 1995. 
This country was built by immigrants. I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed.
We must do everything we can to make sure the generation that fought to defend democracy and built our great nation does not go hungry.
We need someone who will work to lower drug prices &amp; implement rules to import brand-name drugs from Canada. Dr. Califf is not that person.
When millions of Americans cannot afford the drugs they need, we need a leader at the FDA who is prepared to stand up to the drug companies.
It is unacceptable that the monthly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last ten years to $9,900.
It's unacceptable that 1 out of 5 Americans between the ages of 19 and 64 cannot afford the drugs they are prescribed.
NEWS: Sanders Votes No on FDA Nominee  
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
In 2015, a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free.
We can live in a nation where everyone, no matter their race, religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality.
In my view, no single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
We have a situation now where Wall Street banks are not only too big to fail, they are too big to jail. That has got to change.
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades.
As a result of the Citizens United decision, our political system has been totally corrupted and the foundations of democracy undermined.
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including China, an authoritarian country 4 times our size.
My Republican colleagues talk a lot about “family values.” 
I will do everything I can to stand up to the Donald Trumps of the world and their bigotry and their xenophobia. 
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage.
We must tell the billionaire class: You cannot continue to get tax breaks while children in this country are going hungry!
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth. That’s unacceptable.
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans! That is our economic reality.
It is an international embarrassment that nearly 20 percent of kids in America are living in poverty. 
If you throw 17 million people off health insurance as Republicans would, people will die because they can't go to a doctor in time.
In the United States, CEOs make 300 times what their workers make. That is simply immoral and must be dealt with.
Americans will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high.
In America today, we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
The bottom line is that we cannot and we should not sweep up millions of men, women, and children and throw them out of the country.
Despite the efforts of many Republicans to suppress the vote, we must make it easier for people to participate in the political process.
The US must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee workers paid medical &amp; family leave.
Instead of throwing 17 million Americans off of health insurance, we should be expanding on the Affordable Care Act 
The American people will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
We need drug policies that work for everybody, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
We must make it easier to import lower-cost drugs. Americans should not live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
Tens of thousands of Americans now spend more than $100,000 a year on prescription medication. One drug costs $1,000 per pill.
"Necessitous men are not free men.” - President Franklin D. Roosevelt 
83 Central American immigrants recently denied asylum were murdered within months of their return.  We must immediately cease these raids.
RT @AliceOllstein: Bernie Sanders demands President Obama end ‘inhumane’ roundups of immigrant families  …
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders writes Obama, seeking end to recently started deportation raids 
Our immigration policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution
We can't continue to employ inhumane tactics involving deporting thousands of families to address a crisis that requires a humane solution.
I urge @POTUS to immediately cease the deportation raids and not deport families back to countries where a death sentence awaits.
NEWS: Sanders calls on Obama to end deportation raids, extend Temporary Protected Status to vulnerable families 
The time is long overdue for this great country to join to the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care as a right to all.
Our corrupt system allowed Wall Street during the 1990s to spend $5 billion in lobbying and campaign contributions to get deregulated.
American becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and loudly and clearly say no to all forms of racism and bigotry.
The witch-hunt against Planned Parenthood, which provides critical health care to 3 million women, must end. 
The Republican budget is not only bad legislation (and it is), it is also a waste of time. 
The last thing we need is a budget reconciliation bill that throws 17 million Americans off health insurance and defunds Planned Parenthood.
75% of insured people struggling to pay medical bills make sacrifices like not buying food and household items: 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies.
When we talk about our responsibility as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving this planet healthy and habitable.
Right now, our energy policy is rigged to boost the profits of big oil companies like Exxon and BP at the expense of average Americans.
One of the reasons that the rich are getting richer while the poor are getting poorer is that we have a corrupt campaign finance system.
We've got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and use the revenue from a speculation tax to make public colleges tuition free.
Last week, the North Pole was warmer than Western Texas, Southern California, and parts of the Sahara. 
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for causing our economy's near collapse. Big bankers must not be too big to jail.
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy.
In my view, it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $5 fee each time they go to the ATM.
Greed, fraud, dishonesty and arrogance, these are the words that best describe the reality of Wall Street today.
We cannot tolerate an economy and a political system that's been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest at everyone else's expense.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government. 
A vast majority of Americans, including responsible gun owners, agree with the common sense reforms announced today.
Republicans are clearly more loyal to gun lobbyists than our children. I support @POTUS's executive actions to make our communities safer.
Our goal must be to create a financial system and an economy that works for all Americans, not just a handful of billionaires.
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself, gambling trillions of dollars. If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
RT @VTEducation:  deadline nears for @SenSanders State of the Union essay contest:  
When you have so few banks with so much power, you have to not only reestablish Glass-Steagall, but you've got to break them up.
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's scientific community is saying.
RT @WVNYWFFF: Sen. Sanders' Annual State of the Union Essay Contest Deadline Approaching 
For the life of me, I will never understand how a family like the Koch brothers worth $85 billion apparently think that's not enough money.
RT @USProgressives: .@RepJimMcdermott is a true progressive who championed  &amp; opposed the Iraq War. We wish him the very bes…
This is the richest country in the history of the world. Millions of our people should not be living in poverty.
Instead of giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy, we should pay attention to the needs of seniors trying to survive on just $12,000 a year.
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces, but by how it treats the most vulnerable people.
How is it that a kid who smokes marijuana gets a police record, but the CEO of a company that ruins people’s lives has no criminal record.
We have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We should be investing in jobs and education, not more jail and incarceration.
What Republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I disagree.
The debate is over. Climate change is real, and it’s caused by human activity.
What we have to do is not let Donald Trump and these other people divide us up.
"The most serious of the evils that afflict the world these days are youth unemployment &amp; the loneliness of the old" 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple and concrete – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
What do the Koch brothers want? Let me tell you. They don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart, owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans!
Over half of American workers have less than $10,000 in savings and have no idea how they will be able to retire with any shred of dignity.
We have a system that treats too many citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals. That's a reality that must change.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
We need a movement which once and for all will end institutional racism in our country and reform a very broken criminal justice system.
It is grossly unfair that there are millionaires in this country who end up paying an effective tax rate lower than a middle-class worker.
It's not a radical concept that maybe the United States government should represent working families rather than a handful of billionaires.
People should not have to go without the medication they need just because politicians aren’t willing to challenge the drug lobby.
It is not a radical idea to say if a person works 40 hours a week that person should not live in poverty.
Happy New Year!
Today in America over 20% of our children are living in poverty — the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country.
The billionaire class cannot have it all. Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the one percent.
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.
When Republicans talk about family values, they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood.
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.
RT @daveweigel: .@SenSanders, who knocked MSNBC for nixing Ed Schultz, criticizes the Post for ending @HaroldMeyerson’s column: …
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace.
There are few progressive voices in corporate media. @HaroldMeyerson is one of the best. His insights will be sorely missed by Post readers.
I happen to believe that in a democratic, civilized society, all people should be entitled to health care as a right 
Unlike Trump, who wants to give huge tax breaks to his fellow billionaires, we need to ask the wealthiest people to pay their fair share.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality billionaires like Donald Trump should pay their fair share of taxes.
To say to some smart, young person: you're not going to be able to go to college because your family lacks the funds. That is pretty dumb.
11 million people cannot continue living in the shadows. We need comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
Republicans must start worrying about the planet they will leave their kids, not the campaign contributions they get from the Koch brothers.
It makes no sense that every year we lose $100 billion in tax revenue because profitable corporations stash their profits in tax havens.
Loudly and clearly, we must tell Republicans. No. We will not cut Social Security benefits for the elderly and disabled veterans.
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims, we are going to stand together.
Many young people are leaving school deeply in debt for what? For the crime of trying to get an education and make it to the middle class.
We need major reforms in a very broken criminal justice system. We must stop the killing of unarmed African-Americans by the police.
We need to invest $1 trillion to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create up to 13 million decent-paying jobs.
Our foreign policy has failed the American people and led to wars like the war in Iraq which we should never have gotten into.
We are living in a rigged economy where corporate profits soar while millions of our children live in poverty.
It’s time to make banking work for the productive economy and for all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy speculators.
Republicans win elections when people don’t vote, when they turn off from politics. Progressives win when people know what’s going on.
Donald Trump wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top three tenths of 1 percent. That's not the America we need.
Nobody can recall a Christmas Eve where the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?
The way we improve lives is by passing legislation which creates millions of decent paying jobs, not by having us hate Mexicans or Muslims.
We need a constitutional amendment that will overturn Citizens United and restore free and fair elections.
We need policies that bring us together, take on the greed of Wall St. and create an economy that works for all of us, rather than a few.
Donald Trump does not want to raise the minimum wage. In fact, he has said that he thinks wages in America are too high.
This nation and its government belong to all of the people, and not solely to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and lobbyists.
Elections should be influenced by grassroots movements not a billionaire’s checkbook.
We have seen far too many people, often African Americans, who are unarmed, shot and killed by police officers.

RT @FaceTheNation: Bernie Sanders: If Sandra Bland were white, her death “would not have happened” 
There is nothing that is more important than passing on an earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation where we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Nearly two-thirds of the electorate didn't vote in 2014. It's clear we need radical change to bring more people into the political system.
The Koch brothers intend to spend $750 million on this election. That's more than either the Democratic or Republican Party will spend.
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent.
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
You have families out there paying 6, 8, 10 percent on student debt but you can refinance your homes at 3 percent. What sense is that?
We have a major health care crisis. 29 million Americans still have no health insurance and millions more can't afford to go to the doctor.
Why is it that the United States today is the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right?
I believe we stand together to address the real issues facing this country, not allow them to divide us by race or where we come from.
We must bring people together to take on the powerful who've hurt the middle class. Trump is trying to play on fears and divide us up.
Merry Christmas from the Sanders family! 
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We need to take steps to protect children and families, not cast them out.
Blacks are imprisoned at six times the rate of whites. That is unacceptable.
I consider reforming our criminal justice system one of the most important things we must do.
I want the word to go out to every kid that if you study hard, regardless of your family's income, you will be able to go to college.
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
I want a new foreign policy that destroys ISIS but does not get us involved in perpetual warfare in the quagmire of the Middle East.
We have a campaign finance system which is corrupt. 
NEWS: Following Sanders Investigation, Vermont Secures Discount on Life-Saving Drug 
I do not want to be liked by everybody. I want to be liked and supported by working families because I am going to take on Wall Street.
Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the hand full of billionaires.
We've got a corrupt campaign finance system in which millionaires and billionaires are heavily influencing the political process.
Sen. Bernie Sanders: To Rein In Wall Street, Fix the Fed  
I do not want to be liked by everybody. There comes a time when you have to take on the establishment and not be part of that establishment.
Regime change without worrying about what happens the day after you get rid of the dictator doesn't make sense. 
Wall Street is a threat to the economy. They've got to be broken up.
Scapegoating minorities is not going to solve the problems facing our country.
We need to reform a very broken criminal justice system. 
We are going to provide free tuition to public colleges and universities by imposing a tax on Wall Street speculation.
The greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and is destroying the lives of millions of Americans.
We cannot just destroying ISIS. We must make sure we do it in a way that leads to a better future and more stability in the region.
The greed of corporate America is destroying our economy. They've got to be confronted. We need changes in the power structure of America.
We need pay equity for women workers. Women should not be making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men.
People are looking at Washington, and they're saying the rich are getting much richer, I'm getting poorer, what are you doing about it?
In my view, we have got to see that weapons designed by the military to kill people are not in the hands of civilians.
Three out of four of the largest banks are larger today than when we bailed them out. If they're too big to fail they're too big to exist.
Countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar have got to step up to the plate to contribute money and troops to destroy ISIS with American support.
I know I have been considered to be very, very radical but on almost every issue that I’m talking about there is vast support among people.
The greed of corporate America and Wall Street is destroying the economy of the United States. These guys have got to be confronted.
We are living in a country that is moving quite rapidly toward an economic and political oligarchy, where a handful of people have control.
Understand that Donald Trump thinks a low minimum wage in America is a good idea. He thinks low wages are a good idea.
Martin Luther King Jr. was right when he said: “This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor."
True freedom does not occur without economic security. In other words, people are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family.
In the United States today, we have more income and wealth inequality than at any time since 1928. Anyone think that makes sense?
The minimum wage was originally described as “socialist.”  Today it is seen as the foundation of the middle class.
The great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. We must address this economic and moral issue.
Congress must pass legislation that make our rigged political and economic systems work for the vast majority of Americans not just the 1%.
The truth is we can't afford another spending package that expands the billionaire class's power and wealth at the expense of everyone else.
NEWS: Sanders Opposes Spending Package 
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage.
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1%. We must make our economy work for the 99%.
In the year 2015, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.
In my view, and I feel this very strongly, instead of locking up our young people, maybe it’s time we found jobs and education for them.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that healthcare is a right of all, and not a privilege.
Let's not let demagogues divide us up by our religion or the country that we come from.
The invasion of Iraq was a horrendous mistake. I don't want to see that repeated. I don't want to see the US going alone into the region.
The US is the only major country that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been an unmitigated disaster.
NEWS: Skyrocketing Generic Drug Prices Cost Taxpayers $ Billion, New Report Finds  
It's time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country on earth in saying no to the death penalty.
Today's News: Sanders calls Fed rate hike bad news for working families &amp; talks foreign policy with Andrea Mitchell: 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1%. The system is rigged and held in place by corrupt politics where billionaires buy elections.
I am calling on all of us in public life and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred, to say “no” to those who promote this hatred.
It is time to say enough is enough. It is time to end religious bigotry. It is time to build a nation in which we all stand together.
The Fed should act with the same sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class as it did to bail out Wall Street 7 years ago.
Sen. Sanders: The Federal Reserve’s decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families. 
I intend to do everything I can, in every way, to combat the xenophobia and racist rhetoric coming from Donald Trump and others.
Watch: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC's @mitchellreports at 12:30 PM
Playing on people’s fears is counterproductive. We cannot continue to label entire people as terrorists or criminals or rapists.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
You have a right to health care regardless of whether you are rich or poor.
America's always been a haven for the oppressed. We cannot shirk the historic role of the US as a protector of vulnerable people. 
We must keep our country safe, but we can do that without undermining the constitutional and privacy rights which make us free. 
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty.
Must Read: Pharma Bro's Latest Move Targets Latinos -@daisyhernandez  
In the richest country in the history of the world people shouldn't have to be working 50 or 60 hours a week to put food on the table.
Just as planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war, so is taking care of the men and women who we sent off to fight the war.
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights. I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society.
We can defeat ISIS without getting ourselves involved in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. 
Young people should be able to get an education regardless of income. What's radical about that?
My nightmare is that 20 or 30 years later, we're still talking about how we get out of Syria and Iraq. 
When people put their lives on the line to defend our country, I believe we have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare
We are one of only 13 nations in the entire world, that doesn’t guarantee workers a paid vacation. Is that a family value?
If we are serious about moving beyond oil toward energy independence and combatting climate change, then we must ban offshore drilling.
Since  Congress has done nothing to prevent this senseless violence from happening again. That is unacceptable. We must act now.
For the Kochs, $100 billion is not good enough. They will not be satisfied until they are able to control the entire political process.
Greed, unquenchable greed, is destroying our country. And a few people cannot have it all, while children in America go hungry.
If we do not change the system, a black male born today stands a one in four chance of spending time in prison. That is unacceptable.
Greed is destroying our economy. What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us not just the top 1%.
At the end of the day, providing a path to go to college is a helluva lot cheaper than putting people on a path to jail.
We have a Republican Party which is much more interested in contributions from the fossil fuel industry than about the future of the planet.
We are the only major nation in the world that doesn’t guarantee paid time off for new parents. That's a travesty. It's an embarrassment.
We’ve got to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and fight for legislation that transforms our energy system away from fossil fuels.
Instead of listening to the demands of the pharmaceutical industry, it is time that Congress started listening to the American people.
While the  is a step forward it goes nowhere near far enough. The planet is in crisis. We need bold action now.
The federal government will make $110 billion in profit on student loan programs over the next decade. This is morally wrong.
Citizens United has enabled billionaires &amp; special interests to increasingly control the political system &amp; amounts to legalized bribery.
RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders wants to take the money from carbon taxes and use it to help working and lower class families …
I don’t think it’s a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege.
Sadly, in America today, it is very expensive to be poor.
Why do Republicans refuse to acknowledge the reality of climate change? Simple. They receive billions of dollars from fossil fuel companies.
RT @OversightDems: .@MartinShkreli: How did you pay for that $2 million @WuTangClan album?  
How irresponsible can we be to ignore what the entire scientific community is saying?
If we're serious about dealing with the threat of climate change, we need to end polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollution.
During difficult times as Americans, we cannot succumb to racism. We will not allow ourselves to be divided and succumb to Islamophobia.
A working person making $12,000 a year is in no way equal in political power to somebody who is the head of a large corporation or bank.
At a time when elderly women are more likely than men to be living in poverty, we must expand--not cut--social security.
Bernie meets the Bernie Bear. 
RT @alliegrasgreen: .@RonWyden bill would ban feds from garnishing Social Security to collect student debt:  And @Se…
 to when Sen. Sanders stood for  hours straight to defend working families. Hope you don't have plans tonight 
To combat climate change it is absolutely vital that we do what many economists tell us we must and that is put a price on carbon.
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill to Cut Carbon Emissions 80 Percent  
RT @cspan: : @SenSanders Filibuster on Tax Cuts  2010    
RT @Earthjustice: @SenSanders TY for your bill, shining a light on  helping communities overburdened with pollution https://…
We are not going back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy.
We cannot turn away from people who are fleeing Syria and Iraq with just the clothes on their backs. The world must respond. 
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end. 
Corporations cannot be allowed to stash their money in the Cayman Islands. We have to reinvest in America &amp; make education available to all.
There's been a massive transfer of wealth from the 99% to the top 1%. We've got to bring that money back to working families.
We have 47 million people living in poverty, 36% of African-American children are living in poverty. This is an issue we must deal with.
The immigrant detention &amp; deportation machine has resulted in the unjust policy of separating hundreds of thousands of families. It must end
Nearly 50 million Americans had trouble paying their medical bills last year. When you go to the hospital you shouldn't emerge in bankruptcy
The fight for minority voting rights is a fight for justice. It is inseparable from the struggle for democracy itself.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug. 
RT @nytopinion: .@nytopinion readers had questions for Bernie Sanders. Here's the one he answered:  …
Throughout history we’ve had demagogues trying to divert attention away from the real issues. Now Donald Trump is trying to divide us up.
I don't think it's very hard to understand that terrorists or potential terrorists should not have guns.
We have got to be as aggressive as we can in destroying ISIS, but we have to learn the lessons of the past. That means we cannot do it alone
As we transform our energy system, we must act to help fossil fuel workers transition to new clean-energy jobs. 
It’s time for climate action that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires &amp; accelerates our transition to clean energy 
It is time for us to invest in technologies that are cutting greenhouse gas emissions. 
We need a budget that will ensure pay equity for women workers. It is unacceptable that women earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns.
.@SenTedCruz's climate denial hearing is dangerous &amp; irresponsible. We must take bold action to stop climate change. 
People who are barred from flying on airplanes should not have guns.
We need to make police departments look like the communities they serve.
If men gave birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Major Clean Energy Jobs Package  
As we transition to renewable energy, we have a moral responsibility to help working families in the fossil fuel industry find new jobs.
RT @MaddowBlog: Senator Bernie Sanders joins Rachel Maddow on tomorrow night's show, 9pm ET. 
If we keep burning fossil fuels we'll experience cataclysmic consequences. We must leave the vast majority of fossil fuels in the ground.
If we're serious about lowering the cost of energy, combatting climate change and cutting carbon emissions, we must ban offshore drilling.
The United States is a great nation when we stand together. We are a weak nation when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us.
Now, Trump and others want us to hate all Muslims.
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race, gender, sexual orientation or country of origin.
Drilling in the Arctic Circle and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge at a time when we face a serious climate emergency is unthinkable.
It’s time to take on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerate our transition to clean energy and put people before the profits of polluters.
RT @TIME: Bernie Sanders wins readers’ poll for TIME Person of the Year 
The fossil fuel industry spends billions of dollars buying candidates to block progress on climate change. 
What does the fossil fuel industry get in exchange for all their money? Friends who make it harder to take action to fight climate change.
Sadly, we now have a Republican Party that is more concerned about protecting the profits of Exxon, BP and Shell than protecting the planet.
As we destroy ISIS, it's essential that we do not allow fear and division to undermine the constitutional rights that make us a free people.
President Obama is right. ISIS will be destroyed with an international coalition. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Obama Oval Office Address 
We cannot and should not be trapped in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. 
We cannot and should not sweep up millions of people, many of whom have been here for years, and throw them out of the country.
There must be no new offshore drilling. Not now, not ever. 
"Our common home is being pillaged, laid waste and harmed with impunity." - Pope Francis 
We must say to the fossil fuel industry: "Sorry, your short term profits are less important than the future of our planet.”
If we are serious about protecting out planet, we must end polluter welfare.  
Before the passage of the ACA, 45,000 Americans died every year because they lacked health insurance. We cannot go back to those dark days.
We have a major crisis in opiate addiction. We need a revolution in mental health treatment so all people can get the help they need.
When you are sick, you should be able to access health care and see a doctor. That is not a radical idea.
When youth unemployment and underemployment is at 30 or 40 or 50% we need to invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.
We need a budget that tells Wall Street and the billionaire class that they have to start paying their fair share of taxes.
Today in America, as the middle class continues to disappear, median family income is $4,100 less than it was in 1999.
RT @Earthjustice: @SenSanders TY for standing against attacks on our air, water, lands &amp; wildlife!   https:…
I am confident that the Supreme Court will support the president’s authority to defend aspiring Americans.
NEWS: Sanders, Congressional Democrats File Amicus Brief Supporting Obama’s Immigration Executive Actions 
If we can import lettuce from Mexico, why can't we import safe and affordable prescription drugs from Canada. 
The reason why the American people are angry is that Congress is not addressing the real problems that are impacting Americans every day.
Last year, nearly one in five Americans – 35 million people – did not get their prescriptions filled because they did not have enough money.
When there are major crises facing our country, why are we debating a bill that throws 17 million Americans off health insurance?
The American people are angry because Congress is not addressing the real problems that are impacting their lives each and every day.
The defunding of Planned Parenthood is part of a long-term smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Common-Sense Gun Safety Legislation 
We must greatly expand and improve our mental health capabilities so individuals and families can get help they need when they need it.
We need to strengthen penalties for straw purchasers who buy guns from licensed dealers on behalf of people prohibited from buying a gun.
We need to close loopholes that allow domestic abusers and stalkers to obtain guns.
We need to close the gun show loophole.
The vast majority of the American people support gun safety legislation. Congress must act now. 
We need to make gun trafficking a federal crime and give law enforcement the tools they need to get illegal guns off the streets.
We need to renew the assault weapons ban. We need to end the sale of high capacity magazines
We need universal background checks – something that is supported by 90% of the American people and the vast majority of gun owners.
We need sensible legislation that prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
The San Bernardino shooting was the 355th mass shooting this year.  Gun violence has reached epidemic levels in the US. It must end.
Mass shootings are becoming an almost-everyday occurrence in this country. This sickening and senseless gun violence must stop.
We must stop the war on Planned Parenthood and make sure women have the ability to control their own bodies 
Republicans must end the witch-hunt against Planned Parenthood, which provides critical health care to millions of Americans 
RT @micnews: Bernie Sanders just took a powerful stand for Planned Parenthood on the Senate floor  …
RT @BonnieNorthGP: Bernie Sanders: GOP Candidates Care More About Koch Money Than Preserving the Planet for Our Children …
Must Read: How an $84,000 drug got its price: ‘Let’s hold our position … whatever the headlines’ -@Carolynyjohnson 
It is time to enact prescription drug policies that work for everyone, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
We cannot let our students leave school with a burdensome mountain of debt. Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free.
The pope was right when he said climate change is getting worse and that unless we act "we are at the limits of suicide." 
In America, millionaires and billionaires should not be able to buy elections. We must overturn Citizens United.
By sitting down at the front of the bus, Rosa Parks inspired a whole nation to demand change. 
NEWS: Sanders Slams Republican Budget  
Instead of defunding Planned Parenthood, we should be expanding it so that every woman in this country gets the health care she needs.
Instead of throwing 17 million Americans off health insurance, we should expand on the ACA to make health care a right, not a privilege.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Health Care - LIVE on C-SPAN2   
Coming up Sen. Sanders will speak on the floor to lead the Democratic opposition to the GOP budget. Watch: 
The biggest problem in caring for those with AIDS is no longer a scientific problem, the crisis is access to affordable drugs. 
NEWS:  Must Lead on Climate Change, Sanders Says   
It is morally wrong when the federal government makes over $1 billion on student loan programs. Student loan interest rates must be lowered.
We must take on the pharmaceutical industry that is ripping off Americans, so people can afford the drugs they need to live. 
NEWS: On , Sanders Demands Affordable Drugs: 
The scientific community could not be clearer. Climate change is real, man-made and causing severe damage that we can no longer ignore.
We need to put together a broad coalition including the strong participation of the Muslim countries in the region to fight ISIS.
Republicans must start worrying about the planet they will leave their kids, not the contributions they get from the fossil fuel industry.
Congratulations Spc. Skylar Anderson on becoming America's first female combat engineer! 
We must tell Republicans: No, we will not cut Social Security benefits for the elderly and disabled veterans. We must expand benefits.
Must Read: How Walmart Keeps an Eye on Its Massive Workforce -@susanberfield  
We are living in a rigged economy. Corporate profits  are soaring while millions of our children live in poverty.
We can create 13 million good-paying jobs by investing $1 trillion into rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. 
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans. 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
We must modernize our infrastructure and create millions of new jobs that will help the economy. My plan: 
My goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails and do away with mandatory-minimum sentencing.
I despise appeals to nativism and prejudice and believe in immigration reform that gives aspiring Americans a pathway to citizenship.
Pope Francis: "Rampant capitalism has taught us the logic of profit at all " 
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
RT @BigBoi: Bernie Sanders introduces bill ending federal marijuana ban  … via @HuffPostPol vote …
We are one world and one people. And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering.
We must give people confidence that we have a criminal-justice system that works for all, regardless of their wealth or power.
RT @NYTNational: As a mayor, Bernie Sanders joined hands with Republicans to get things done  
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and its work and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Colorado Planned Parenthood Shooting  
You have millions of families today who do not know how they're gonna feed their kids tonight. That is a fact.
The Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans combined. 
Every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.  
By taxing Wall Street speculators, we can save middle-class families sending kids to college an average of $9,400 a year.
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care.
As we gather with our loved ones to give thanks today, we should reflect on the fact that not all families will be so lucky.
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. On these values, our country deserves better.
"The third freedom is freedom from want." -President Franklin Delano Roosevelt 
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. The big banks are just too powerful.
RT @nytpolitics: As mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist.  
The first piece must be putting an end to the killing of African Americans by police officers.
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century.
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral, economic and political issue of our time.
99% of all new income generated today goes to the top 1%. Does anybody think that that is the kind of economy this country should have?
Too many girls and women are still suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse and that must end. 
We can't forget the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows. We must enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
It is absurd that corporations are allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
When the United States is the only developed country without mandatory paid sick leave, the American people and the economy suffer.
A real family value is when new parents are allowed to stay home with their newborn children.
More than a third of senior citizens depend on Social Security for virtually all of their income. We must expand, not cut Social Security
NEWS: Sanders is the most popular senator in America with an approval rating of 83% 
RT @ConsultReid: We asked 76k people whether they approve of the job their sens are doing. Sen with highest rating: Bernie Sanders. https:/…
The Koch brothers will spend more money on this campaign than either the Democrats or GOP. That is oligarchy and will only get worse.
Today's News: Sanders calls on Obama administration to block Pfizer tax dodge 
When a parent is forced to send their sick child to school because they cannot
afford to stay home with that child that isn't a family value
When millions of people stand up and fight we win. Thanks for being one of our 1 million followers on Twitter! 
We not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Today, in America, median family income, is $4,100 less than it was in 1999. 
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs 
NEWS: Sanders Condemns Pfizer-Allergan Merger  
It is not a radical idea to say that if somebody works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Must Read: If America really valued mothers, we wouldn’t treat them like this -@ezraklein  
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while veterans sleep out on the streets.
When over half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings, we shouldn't be talking about cutting Social Security. We should be expand it
In America today, we should not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on earth.
One in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
If Teddy Roosevelt, a good Republican, were alive today, you know what he'd say? "Break up the big banks." And he would be right.
When we put money into the hands of working people, they're going to buy goods and they're going to create jobs in doing that.
As a result of a corrupt campaign finance system Congress isn't listening to the American people. It's listening to the big money interests.
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.
The US is the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege. That is an embarrassment.
If you're gonna work 40 hours a week, you shouldn't live in poverty. We have to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
People should not be using the political process to inject racism into the debate.
Billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than nurses or truck drivers. That makes no sense at all.
Must Read: Specialty drugs now cost more than the median household income-@Carolynyjohnson  
Democratic socialism means that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy.
RT @MaxEhrenfreund: Bernie Sanders is right: The top  percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent  …
Too many people have suffered and too many people have died for us to continue to hear racist words coming from major political leaders.
Donald Trump's statement is outrageous and bigoted. We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution. 
I don't believe in special treatment for the top  
RT @MoveOn: 's @SenSanders shows the world that !    
We need an international effort to eliminate the stain of ISIS from the world.

When 63% of people don’t vote and 80% of young people don’t vote, that's not a democratic system.
When Wall Street regulates Congress, when their business model is fraud, it becomes obvious that Wall Street doesn’t play by the rules.
Democratic Socialism means that we must reform our political system which is not only grossly unfair but, in many respects, corrupt.
The drug companies never lose. As a result, we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
We have legislation that would create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding crumbling infrastructure – roads, bridges, rail, and airports.
Real freedom must include economic security. 
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric. But we are a strong enough nation to say we’re not going to lose who we are as a people.
RT @POTUS: Slamming the door in the face of refugees would betray our deepest values. That's not who we are. And it's not what we're going …
If we turn our backs on refugees, we will be destroying what this country is supposed to be about.

We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel while also protecting the workers in those industries.
When the people are not involved, politicians respond to lobbyists and donors. When people speak up, we can make Congress work for families.
The top 4 pharmaceutical companies made $57 billion in profits last year and spent more on sales and marketing than research &amp; development
If you think it is too expensive to take care of our veterans, don't send them to war.

We bailed out Wall Street. It's their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free.
Now is the time to unite the world in an organized campaign against ISIS that will eliminate the stain of ISIS from this world
It is an embarrassment that with few exceptions Republicans refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
Today’s vote to block the Clean Power Plan is a reminder that Republicans are more concerned with campaign contributions than our planet.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Effort to Repeal Clean Power Plan  
In the last 30 years there has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction.
We spend over $600 billion a year on the military yet, significantly less than 10% of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine. 
Dr. Califf has deeper ties to pharma than any FDA commissioner in recent history.  
Let’s be clear: a life saving prescription drug does not do anyone any good if they cannot afford to fill that prescription.
.@sam_baker FDA has the authority to import drugs from Canada, allowing Americans to buy the exact same drugs for less.
NEWS: Sanders Questions FDA Nominee With Deep Pharma Ties: 
Millions of Americans can't afford to purchase drugs they need. We need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to pharmaceutical companies.
Sen. Sanders will talk with @katiecouric on @YahooNews at 1 PM ET.  Watch live here: 
RT @washingtonpost: What Americans thought of Jewish refugees on the eve of World War II  
Sen. Sanders will attend the hearing on new FDA commissioner nominee today at 10 AM. Watch live here: 
We must do what we do best and that is be Americans – fighting racism, fighting xenophobia, fighting fear.
Today's News: Sanders opposes banning Syrian refugees &amp; highlights his support for paid family leave 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today.
It's unconscionable that millions of new parents are forced back to work because they can't afford to stay home with their newborn babies.
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt.
We have a moral responsibility to prevent the most severe climate change impacts that fall overwhelmingly upon the poor and most vulnerable
Must Read: Found too late: Cancer preys on rural Americans -@laura_ungar 
No one should go bankrupt or skip getting the care they need because they cannot afford it
If we think a new trade deal, based on the same principles as the old agreements, is going to bring different results,  we are very wrong.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans.  It has got to stop.
Employees working full time in the  Senate should not be living in poverty. 
We must preserve a woman's right to control her own body. 
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders goes to bat for Senate cafeteria workers  
RT @greenhousenyt: Sanders &amp; dozens of Dem Senators urge contractor that runs Senate cafeteria to end its coercive anti-union tactics. http…
In America today, we are seeing the richest getting richer, and almost everyone else becoming poorer. Enough is enough!
NEWS: Sanders, Senate Leaders Tell Senate Contractor to Let Workers Organize  
We cannot let our grandchildren wonder why we did nothing about climate change. We must take bold action to transform our energy system now.
Today's News: Inspired by Sanders, students at over a hundred colleges staged marches in support of free tuition 
I'll do all I can to make sure the US doesn't get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq, one of our worst foreign policy blunders
Citizens United has opened up the road to oligarchy in the United States. This is a real danger to American democracy.
RT @DaniDougPost: Read how @SenSanders inspired   
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt.
As a nation of immigrants, it is our moral duty to make a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million people living in the shadows.
The bloated Pentagon budget continues to pour money into outdated weapons systems that don’t function properly. That has got to change.
Americans are becoming much sicker and in some cases dying because they cannot afford the drugs they're prescribed. 
How is it that we can afford to allow 1 in 4 major corporations to not pay federal income taxes but we can't afford to help our veterans?
If you can't afford to take care of your veterans then you do not go to war.
We have a moral obligation to keep our promise to provide for every veteran and their families. 
If patriotism or love of country means anything, it means that we do not now, or ever, turn our backs on those who defended us. 
RT @danmericaCNN: Bernie Sanders marches in a Veterans Day parade in Lebanon, NH. 
America becomes a stronger nation when we stand together as one people and say no to all forms of racism and bigotry.
Today, as we honor the brave men and women who risk their lives to defend us, we must commit to care for our veterans every day of the year.
Today's News: Sanders joined the  yesterday to demand a $15 minimum wage and a union 
The average CEO now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker. 
The $ an hour federal minimum wage is a starvation wage. It has got to be raised to a living wage!

We cannot and should not sweep up millions of poeple – many of whom have been in the US for years – and throw them out of the country.
RT @AP_Politics: In the rain, Sen. Bernie Sanders rallies Capitol workers over pay: 

American immigration policy should be about uniting families, not separating families.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Immigration Ruling  
NEWS: Sanders Votes Against Increasing Defense Spending  
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thank you @SenSanders for standing with federal contract workers in their !  …
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds minimum wage rally on Capitol Hill   
RT @GoodJobsNation: People in this country who work for a living deserve a living wage! -@SenSanders   …
In the year 2015, a job has got to lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.  
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet. 
Today’s News: Sanders stands with striking workers  
America has always been a haven for the oppressed. We cannot shirk the historic role of the US as a protector of those fleeing persecution.
I stand with the thousands of workers on strike today to demand $15 and a union. 
Companies should not be making profits by incarcerating people in this country.
Democracy means one person one vote. It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision.
Must Read: Climate Change Could Push Over 100 Million Into Extreme Poverty by 2030 -@Karl_Ritter 
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
RT @Reinlwapo: Postal warrior:Bernie Sanders's passion for the prosaic — or why the Post Office is part of what makes America great https:/…
.@MartinShkreli You must complete all sections of the application in order to be considered for the position.  -Staff
When you organize at the grassroots level that's when change takes place.  
Want to intern for Sen. Sanders? Make sure you finish your application by Friday: 
It is not an American value to talk about rounding up millions of people and throwing them out of the country. That is xenophobia.
Today's News: Sanders' crusade to save the postal service is a powerful emblem of what can work in government 
We have got to move toward public funding of elections so that candidates in the future are not dependent on big money interests.
Make no mistake: The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women. We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose.
If the Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
Pope Francis: "The quality of a  also judged by how it treats elderly people." 
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
I want to invest in jobs and education for our young people rather than jails and incarceration.
If our country stands for anything it must be that we do everything we can to protect those who put their lives on the line to protect us.
We have to end this absurd voter suppression which is intentionally denying low-income people, people of color &amp; seniors the ability to vote
In my view, Democrats will not win unless we run campaigns which generate excitement and momentum and which produces a large voter turnout.
Anybody who suppresses the vote, who intentionally tries to keep people from voting, is a political coward. They are undermining democracy.
Democratic socialism means having a government that represents the needs of the vast majority of Americans rather than just the top 1%.
Are you a Vermonter interested in interning for Sen. Sanders? Apply by Nov. 13: 
As someone who has led the opposition to  from Day 1, I strongly applaud the president's decision to kill this project.
It's insane to support the excavation and transportation of some of the dirtiest fuel. I strongly applaud the decision to kill .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. That is unacceptable.
Today’s News: ExxonMobil under investigation after Sanders called for inquiry, continues opposing . 
RT @nytopinion: Has the tipping point finally come for marijuana legislation?  
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights. 
Senior citizens in America should not have to choose between food, medicine or heating their homes. 
RT @mmcauliff: @SenSanders and Tammy Baldwin want to take back ceremonial Apache lands that Congress gave to a foreign mine firm. https://t…
The evidence suggests Exxon lied about climate change to protect their profits. If it's true, they broke the law. 
We need to rebuild the disappearing middle class, not tear it down.
I will do everything I can to defeat the .  We need trade policies in this country that work for working families, not just CEOs.
NEWS: Bad Trade Deal 'Worse Than I Thought,' Sanders Says about : 
RT @thinkprogress: Bernie Sanders: Obama should reject Keystone now  
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield.
NEWS: Sanders, Baldwin Drop Bill to Stop Land Giveaway, Protect Native American Place of Worship:  
NEWS: Senators Introduce Legislation to Boost Social Security and Other Critical Benefits for Seniors, Veterans: 
If we're ser­i­ous about cli­mate change, we can’t just talk the talk, we've got to walk the walk and take on power­ful special interests.
It is unacceptable that millions of senior citizens and disabled veterans did not receive a cost-of-living adjustment this year.
Today’s News: Sanders, Merkley introduce bill to ban new drilling on public lands. 
We have to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to sustainable energy.
The Koch brothers do not want to make life better for ordinary people.

RT @WSJPolitics: Bernie Sanders Proposes Ending Federal Marijuana Ban 
News: Sanders, Merkley Introduces Bill to Ban New Drilling on Public Land  
RT @MorningEdition: .@NPRinskeep is out talking with @SenSanders this afternoon. Tune in to hear their conversation Thursday morning, 11/5.
It is absurd that at a time when we should be cutting carbon emissions, we are instead extracting even more fossil fuels on public lands.
We have a moral responsibility to act to reverse global warming.  
To Republicans who reject the science on climate change, I say worry less about your campaign contributions and more about your children.
To avoid a temperature increase of 5-10° in the next century 80% of the world’s fossil fuels must stay in the ground 
RT @SenJeffMerkley: LIVE NOW—Speaking w/@SenSanders @BillMcKibben to keep fossil fuels in the ground   …
RT @LGamGam: .@SenSanders launches new climate plan to curb US fossil fuel extraction by @suzyji 
RT @MotherJones: Breaking: Bernie Sanders Wants to Ban All New Fossil Fuel Development on Federal Lands  …
Sen. Sanders and @SenJeffMerkley unveil major climate legislation to keep fossil fuels in the ground. Live at Noon: 
What we need now is a political movement of millions of people to transform American society. The same old same old just won't do it.
Today’s News: Sanders joins @allinwithchris, will introduce bill w/ @SenJeffMerkley to ban drilling on public lands: 
It's a disgrace that millions of full-time workers are living in poverty &amp; many more are forced to work 2 or 3 jobs just to pay their bills.
Instead of cutting Social Security or disability programs, as most Republicans want, we need to expand Social Security benefits.
I find it unconscionable that my Republican colleagues are attempting to undermine efforts to keep our water clean. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Clean Water Act: 
Watch Sen. Sanders on MSNBC's @mitchellreports now
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote. 
If we are serious about combating climate change we have to do all we can to prevent the excavation of the dirtiest fossil fuels 
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism. 
African Americans are much more likely to be arrested for using marijuana than will whites. That is unacceptable.

We’re living in a rigged economy where it doesn’t matter how hard you work, the result is that the income goes to the people at the very top
My nightmare is that the United States once again gets caught up in a quagmire in the Middle East that never ends.
All over this country people are working two or three jobs, yet they can’t afford child care or to send their kids to college.
RT @voxdotcom: The budget deal made a change that's good for Medicaid — and bad for Martin Shkreli 
Today's News: Sanders skeptical about president's decision to put special forces on the ground in Syria 
As the largest and most powerful military in the world, we need to use military force as a last resort, not a first option.
RT @BostonGlobe: As Vermont official, Bernie Sanders "got things done"  
Americans have more student debt than credit card or auto-loan debt. That is a tragedy for our young people and our nation.
A key pathway to the middle class runs through college, but rising costs are making it harder for Americans to get the education they need.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders trick or treats with three of his grandchildren in Lebanon, NH. 
Instead of sending American jobs to China, corporate America has got to re-invest in this country and create decent-paying jobs in America.
Instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we need to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent-paying jobs.
Happy Halloween from The Monster! 
FDR: "We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob." 
Real criminal justice reform must include joining every other major democracy in eliminating the death penalty.
We must demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies.
We need to expand Social Security to make sure every American can retire in dignity.
Rising costs are making it harder and harder for ordinary Americans to get the education they want and need. 
In 2014, there were 620,000 marijuana possession arrests. That’s one every minute.
Today's News: Sanders calls for end to death penalty &amp; federal prohibition on marijuana 
Sen. Sanders calls for reforms to fix our broken criminal justice system. Watch: 
We must go beyond the doctrine of revenge. 
With so much violence in this world today, I just don't think the state itself should be in the business of killing people.
RT @cspan: WATCH: @SenSanders remarks on Criminal Justice Reform  
NEWS: Sanders Calls for End to Death Penalty During Senate Speech on Criminal Justice Reform. 
The State, in a democratic, civilized society, should itself not be involved in the murder of other Americans.
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Criminal Justice Reform – LIVE on C-SPAN2  
It is time to stop pushing so many people – disproportionately people of color – into the criminal justice system. 
Sen. Sanders is headed to the Senate floor to discuss criminal justice reform &amp; his opposition to the death penalty: 
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as we do, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
RT @EJDionne: Good for PaulRyan for wanting family time. He could (&amp; should) show empathy by backing paid family leave. My column
https://t…
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs.
Today’s News: Sanders stands up against Islamophobia, calls for removing marijuana from list of illegal drugs. 
A lot of Republican candidates talk about family values. What they are saying is that no woman should have the right to control her own body
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change.
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. That has got to change.
RT @Wonkblog: Why Bernie Sanders’ marijuana proposal would be a big deal 
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders will propose nixing marijuana from federal list of dangerous drugs, freeing states to legalize it https://…
If the Ex-Im Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the US, it should be eliminated. 
In my view, a two-year budget deal gives us time to focus on the most important issues confronting our nation. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Budget Deal: 
Democrats win when people come out. Republicans win when their big money buys low voter turnout elections.
Today’s News: Sanders votes against cybersecurity bill, leads fight to stop skyrocketing drug prices. 
We've got to stand with unions and tell corporate America and the billionaires in this country they cannot have it all.
Republicans win when voter turnout is low. When people become demoralized. When they don't think their vote matters.
Must read: Greenland Is Melting Away -@nytimes 
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn’t be the price we pay for security.
It is totally unacceptable that Americans are drowning in $ trillion in student loan debt. 
The American people are angry because they know this recession was not caused by the middle class and working families of this country.
Congratulations to @SenatorLeahy not only on 15,000 votes but on your many years of service to the people of Vermont

RT @SenatorLeahy: Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont casts his 15,000th vote in the United States 
The  government must defend our most valuable and personal information without violating our privacy.
People have a right to make a telephone call without that information being collected by the government.
Today’s News: Sanders joins @TheView, marches with workers, announces transportation grant for VT. 
Parents should have the right to stay home with their newborn baby for at least 3 months with paid family leave.

RT @CharlieRoseShow: A chance meeting outside the @charlierose studio! Tune in to @PBS tonight to see @SenSanders for the full hour. https:…
Tragically, in America today we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
RT @MaddowBlog: Bernie Sanders, in-studio with Rachel tonight! 
This country belongs to all of us, not just wealthy campaign donors.
RT @bfouhy: Tonight, @maddow hosts Bernie Sanders. Tune in at 9pm ET
$ is a starvation wage, which must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage.
A college degree today is the equivalent of a high school degree 50 years ago. We need tuition-free public colleges.

Watch Bernie on @TheView. Today at 11 AM ET
RT @sierraclub: How Exxon went from leader to skeptic on climate change research:  (via @latimes) 
I worry very much that our country, both economically and politically, is sliding into oligarchy.
Today’s News: Sanders asks the Department of Justice to investigate Exxon Mobil: 
The Defense of Marriage Act was simply homophobic legislation. 
"We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all of our children." -@VP 
It makes no sense that you can get an auto loan with an interest rate of  but millions of college graduates are forced to pay 7% or more
The future of America is with our children. How can we have a great country if we aren’t educating our children the way we should?
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's @CNNSotu, today at 9 AM &amp; 12 PM ET
Must Read: Climate Change Could Wreck the Global Economy -@JustinWorland 
A mom and a dad should have the right to at least a couple of weeks of paid vacation so they can spend quality time with their kids.
The American people understand that our current economic system is rigged, and that our campaign finance system is corrupt.
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's @CNNSotu, tomorrow at 9AM &amp; 12PM ET
RT @HuffingtonPost: Bernie Sanders wants to bring back your 40-hour workweek  
We must not cut programs that the elderly, children, sick, poor and working families desperately depend upon. 
America stands ready to provide everything the people of Mexico need as they endure the strongest hurricane in recorded history. -B
As a nation, we are going to have to answer whether it's morally &amp; economically acceptable that so few have so much &amp; so many have so little
When millions of seniors are trying to survive on incomes of $12,000 a year, we must resist Republican efforts to cut Social Security.
"Wall Street should not believe that they can get blood from a stone." -Bernie

You simply cannot get blood from a stone.  
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s station.
Today's News: Sanders slams vulture funds ripping off Puerto Rico, calls for bold action to rebuild our middle class 
Puerto Ricans should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of wealthy investors can make even more money. 
In 2002 I heard everything Dick Cheney and others said about the case for going to war in Iraq. I didn't accept it.

Must Read: The Life and Death of an Amazon Warehouse Temp -@jamieson 
It's time to build on the progressive movement of the past and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. 
NEWS: Sanders Slams Vulture Funds Ripping Off Puerto Rico. 
RT @nprcinc: @SenSanders ask the right question - "i have not heard anything about renewable energy" Puerto Rico must become a global leade…
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn’t be the price we pay for security. 
Glad the @FCC acted. It is outrageous that a fifteen-minute phone call could cost upwards
of twelve dollars. 

RT @gallennpr: Sen. Bernie Sanders on Puerto Rico debt: "Wall Street can't get blood from a stone!" More tonight on @npratc
Bernie explains why he wants to make public college tuition-free. Watch: 
RT @RollingStone: Bernie Sanders tells Jimmy Kimmel why "we need to end the war on drugs" 
Sen. Sanders: DOJ Should Investigate Exxon Mobil for misleading public about climate change  
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
Today’s News: Sanders pens op-ed on college affordability in @washingtonpost, calls for  investigation of Exxon: 
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders: America needs free college now  
Let’s be clear: Defaulting on our debt would be a disaster. 
Don't miss Bernie on ABC's @JimmyKimmelLive. Tonight 11:35|10:35c 
Watch Sen. Sanders discuss his call for an investigation into Exxon Mobil's climate change denial on MSNBC's @allinwithchris. Tonight 8-9 PM
NEWS: Sanders Sends Letter to Treasury on Puerto Rico. 
You do not balance the budget on the backs of the most vulnerable people and ask nothing from the wealthy and profitable corporations.
Sanders: Pay our bills and invest in the middle class 
We need a progressive income tax so that billionaires don't end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses. 
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Action on Debt Ceiling, End to Budget Sequestration: 
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? Apply now: 
Republicans talk about "family values" but the US is the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid family leave 
Exxon Mobil knew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet.
Today's News: Sanders asks DOJ to investigate Exxon Mobil for misleading the public about climate change 
RT @ProPublica: Following a @ProPublica + @NPR investigation, lawmakers incl. @SenSanders call for a plan to protect injured workers https:…
RT @lbarronlopez: Bernie Sanders wants DOJ to investigate "potential fraud" by Exxon over climate research  via @Huf…
There has been mass redistribution of wealth from the middle class to the top one-tenth of 1%. 
RT @TheAtlantic: Bernie Sanders's highly sensible plan to turn post offices into banks  
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Probe into Exxon Mobil Claims on Climate Change  
We've seen a rapid movement toward oligarchy, toward a government owned and controlled by a handful of extremely wealthy families.
It's a national disgrace that so many qualified young Americans do not go to college because they cannot afford it. 
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America.
Today’s News: Sanders leads push against pharmaceutical companies raising prices for life-saving drugs. 
We have a moral responsibility to lead the world and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
What you have is an economy that is rigged. Heads Wall Street wins and tails the average Americans are losers.
One of the biggest mistakes our government made after the financial crisis was not prosecuting the people responsible.
As a result of disastrous trade deals, more than 60,000 American factories have been shuttered since 2000.
China – not exactly seen as a model when it comes to human rights – provides 14 weeks of paid maternity leave. The US provides zero.
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders joins @ThisWeekABC, pushes for expanding . 
Anyone 18 years of age or older should be automatically registered to vote. 
More than half of workers between the ages of 55 and 64 have no retirement savings at all. We must ensure everyone can retire with dignity.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt.
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of its people as a right of citizenship.
"Masses of people find themselves excluded and marginalized." -@pontifex 
The only way we really transform America is through a political revolution. 
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right.
RT @nytimes: What could raising taxes on the 1% do? Surprising amounts. 
We need comprehensive immigration reform &amp; a path towards citizenship to take 11 million undocumented people in America out of the shadows.
Watch Sen. Sanders on ABC's @ThisWeekABC, Sunday morning. Check your local listings:  
RT @AIDSHealthcare: AHF Backs @SenSanders Call on US &amp; @WTO to Back Waiver of Drug Patents in Poor Countries  http://…
RT @RealTimers: "The function of health care should be to provide quality care for all people, not to provide huge profits." - @SenSanders …
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations. 
100 years ago we said every kid should be able to get a high school education for free. The same is true of a college education today.
RT @gerrymullany: Bernie Sanders's plan to reform Social Security called 'quite mainstream' by bipartisan expert: 
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. We have to break up the big banks.
Must Read: The American middle class is worse off compared to others around the world -@Wonkblog: 
Today’s News: Sanders joins @TheEllenShow, calls for expansion of Social Security. 
How many billions will be used to elect candidates who only represent the rich and the super rich?
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians.
Must Read:  Why Is the CBO Concocting a Phony Debt Crisis? -@AriRabinHavt:  
RT @civilrightsorg: We imagine this would be @SenSanders' reaction if Republicans helped , a historically bipartisan law. htt…
RT @RealTimers: Who's ready to ? @SenSanders returns to  with @BillMaher Friday @ 10pm!   …
Our job must be to expand, not cut, Social Security. 
RT @splcenter: The VRA is critical to help expand voting access in states that need it the most.  
If we believe in a vibrant democracy, we want to have the highest voter turnout in the world 
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process 
Out of 185 countries, the  is one of only two that does not grant paid maternity leave. Papua New Guinea is the other.
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders to join @TheEllenShow today to talk income inequality. 
I want Wall Street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a Wall Street speculation tax.
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change, the planet we'll leave our kids may well not be habitable. That is a major crisis.
I do not consider myself part of the casino-capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little.
Today’s News: NY’s AG begins inquiry into whether Turing Pharmaceuticals restricted access to life-saving medicine. 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
If you're serious about climate change, you cannot encourage the excavation and transportation of very dirty oil.
Must Read: Just 158 families have provided nearly half the money for efforts to capture the White House -@nytimes 
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans.
FDR: "Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us." 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
When you organize at the grassroots level, whether it's gay rights or raising the minimum wage  that's when change takes place.
We must work with China, Russia and India to transition away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy

We are tired and we are embarrassed seeing children in elementary schools slaughtered and young people on college campuses shot.
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it. 
Just 6 huge financial institutions have assets of nearly $10 trillion, equal to nearly 60% of GDP. 
Today, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo are 80% larger today than they were a year before the taxpayers bailed them out.
Must Read: Demolishing The 7 Myths Propping Up Fossil Fuels - @HuffingtonPost 
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say break 'em up. And he would be right. 
The Week in Review: Sanders introduces a bill to make it easier to join a union, slams Turing Pharmaceuticals: 
Martin Shkreli is holding hostage the patients who rely on this lifesaving medication by charging unconscionable prices just because he can.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is a public health hazard to the American people.
RT @ThisIsFusion: Watch Bernie Sanders ether a GOP congressman for referring to ‘homos in the military’ in 1…  http:/…
NEWS: Sanders and Cummings Denounce Continued Prescription Drug Price Gouging 
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country?
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies and defeat the disastrous TPP.
Today’s News: Sanders opposes nominee to lead Food and Drug Administration, joins colleagues to . 
NEWS: Citing FDA Nominee’s Ties to Rx Industry, Sanders to Oppose New Commissioner  
Deregulating Wall Street will lead to further concentration of economic power in our country.  to 1999: 
It's unconscionable that Latinas earn 56 cents on the dollar compared to white men.  
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana, but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted.
RT @Teamsters: How Bernie Sanders’ New Bill Would Help More Workers Unionize  via @thinkprogress   …
I am appalled by gun violence in our country and the mass shootings in our churches and colleges.  
Must Read: The Trans-Pacific Partnership Is a Bad Deal for American Workers -@RichardTrumka  
We can create 13 million jobs by investing $1 trillion in rebuilding our infrastructure over the next five years. 
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only  of the nation’s wealth.
We can no longer tolerate a criminal justice system that treats Wall Street executives as too big to jail. 
RT @JesseRodriguez: Tomorrow on @Morning_Joe: Sen Bernie Sanders 
It is our moral responsibility to leave this planet in a way that is habitable and healthy for our children and our grandchildren.
When unions grow, the middle class grows. And when the middle class grows, America does well.
Today’s News: Sanders introduces Workplace Democracy Act to make it easier for workers to join unions. 
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions not harder. 
RT @AFLCIO: Sen. Sanders and Rep. Pocan Continue Washington-Led Fight for Workers' Rights 
NEWS: Sanders, Pocan Introduce Legislation to Strengthen Workers’ Rights  
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thank you for supporting workers, @SenSanders @repmarkpocan @DonNorcross4NJ!    …
RT @DonaldNorcross: Together w/ @SenSanders @repmarkpocan we can strengthen  
 
RT @NicholsUprising: Workplace Democracy Act introduced by @SenSanders &amp; @repmarkpocan. Renews right to organize &amp; collectively bargain. ht…
Proud to join @GoodJobsNation @CWAUnion @NationalNurses @repmarkpocan to ensure workers can form a union. 
If we are serious about reducing income &amp; wealth inequality, we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country.
The Workplace Democracy Act will make it easier for workers to join unions and bargain for higher wages. 
RT @repmarkpocan: "When unions grow, the middle class grows and when the middle class grows, America grows." ~@SenSanders …
RT @CWAUnion: "If workers want to exercise their right to join a union, they must be allowed to do so." - @SenSanders  …
RT @repmarkpocan: Introducing the Workplace Democracy Act w/ @SenSanders to make it easier for workers to form a union. …
If workers in this country want to exercise their constitutional right to join a union, they must be allowed to do that.
The TPP is a continuation of disastrous trade policies. Enough is enough. We need new approaches that create jobs in America not China.
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
Today’s News: Sanders opposes Trans-Pacific Partnership, profiled in @NewYorker. 
 follows failed trade deals with Mexico &amp; China that have cost millions of jobs &amp; closed tens of thousands of factories across the US.
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
RT @TheAtlanticPOL: A profile of Bernie Sanders written in the 1980s, as he got his start in politics  …
Guns should not be in the hands of people who shouldn't have them and that means we need a very strong instant background check system.
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again. In the Senate, I will do all that I can to defeat the  agreement.
I am disappointed but not surprised by the decision to move forward on the disastrous TPP that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs.
We need trade policies that promote the interests of American workers not just the CEOs of corporations  
Today’s News: Sanders opposes unilateral American no-fly zone in Syria: 
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy?
Today it’s Wall Street’s turn to bail out the middle class.
Our job is to demilitarize police departments 
We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners, because most of us were once foreigners. -@Pontifex 
Today, Social Security is more important than ever. Over half of workers between the ages of 55-64 have no retirement savings.
I am far, far from a perfect human being but I am motivated by a vision which exists in all of the great religions 
Over the last 40 years, the great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. 
The Week in Review: Sanders slams pharmaceuticals companies for price gouging, calls for sensible gun control 
Making sure people in poor countries have access to life-saving medicine is our moral responsibility.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
Must Read: Why the Washington Post's Attack on Bernie Sanders Is Bunk -@RBReich 
We must act aggressively to pass sensible gun-control and put an end to this awful epidemic of senseless slaughter. 
The debate is over. Climate change is real. It is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems around the world.
Today’s News: Sanders calls for sensible gun safety laws after shooting in Oregon: 
The shouting at each other must end. The hard work of developing good policy must begin.
We need sensible gun-control legislation which prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
As a nation, we must do everything we can to put an end to this awful epidemic of senseless slaughter.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Oregon Shootings:  
Another senseless tragedy with more innocent people killed. Our hearts go out to the families. -B
In my view, there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years, saw their wealth increase by $170 billion.
RT @OnPointRadio: ‘Don’t tell some poor bright kid that he or she can’t be a doctor or an engineer because they don’t have enough money.’ @…
RT @OnPointRadio: ‘Count me as a radical — I want to invest in jobs and education for young people rather than jails.’ @SenSanders http://t…
RT @WBUR: TUNE IN: @SenSanders joins @OnPointRadio LIVE: 

Livestream: 
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will join @WBUR’s @OnPointRadio at 10am EST. Listen live: 
The pharmaceutical industry spent over $250 million last year on campaign contributions and lobbying. 
Today’s News: Sanders leads battle against bad Pacific trade deal, investigates high prescription drug prices: 
RT @FacesOfAO: We thank you! @SenSanders for Co-sponsoring , the  Research Act of 2015! 
When you organize at the grassroots level, that's when change takes place 
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is a tragedy and we can no longer ignore it.
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties you are looking at oligarchy. 
We need your help to tell Congress to stop worrying about the fossil fuel contributors to their campaigns. 
Today's News: Sanders urges Obama administration to give poor countries access to affordable drugs 
We cannot let drug companies continue to rip-off Americans who are
suffering. Watch Sen. Sanders' speech: 
Pharmaceutical companies are charging Americans by
far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. 
NEWS: Sanders Condemns Price Gouging by Drug Companies. 
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer.
It makes no sense to me that the same exact drug can be sold in Britain for 66 cents a pill, while in the  it is sold for $750.
The  is the only major country on earth that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been a disaster.
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people.
Coming up Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about skyrocketing prescription drug prices. Watch: 
It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking marijuana. 
Must Read: Every minute someone gets arrested for marijuana possession in the  @_cingraham  
Defunding Planned Parenthood would punish the  million Americans who rely on its clinics for health care  
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders returns to the University of Chicago. 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.  
When millions of Americans lack health insurance Planned Parenthood clinics provide the care too many women cannot access elsewhere.
We know shutting the government down will disrupt the economy and cost us jobs. I hope my Republican colleagues come to their senses.
Republicans are once again taking us to the edge of a government shutdown, demanding we take away health care from the American people.
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans.
NEWS: Sanders sends letter to  trade chief on affordable medicine in developing countries. 
We are living at a time where a handful of people have wealth beyond  
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
Today’s News: Sanders joined @FaceTheNation Sunday to talk about college affordability and money in politics: 
Super PACs are playing a very destructive role in our political system. American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections.
Must Read: The True Cost of an Expensive Medication -@olgakhazan 
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt.
RT @FaceTheNation: @SenSanders says that he fights for moral issues, no different from the values at Liberty University  …
You can't make the changes that have to be made in this country unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street. 
Pope Francis in his address to Congress: 
This morning watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation. Check local listings:  
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security. That is unacceptable.
You can go into a drug store &amp; find the price for a drug has double or tripled over night &amp; we can't do anything about it. That must change.
We should use our buying power to get better deals on medication for the American people. 
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation tomorrow. Check your local listings:  
Social Security is the most successful government program in our history. Before it was law, nearly half of seniors lived in poverty.
Sen. Sanders applauds Pope Francis's remarks 
The Week in Review: Sanders marches with workers, applauds Pope Francis, votes to stop Republican attack on women. 
NEWS: Sanders, Whitehouse and Democrats Send Letter to President on Arctic Drilling. 
Skyrocketing prescription drug prices are an example of the web of bureaucracy in the American health care system. 
The Republican Party's ideology is way out of touch with the American people. Without Boehner, it may get even worse.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Speaker Boehner’s Resignation  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on with @Thom_Hartmann. Watch here: 
Feminism means a commitment to fighting for women’s rights. 
Today's News: Sanders applauds @Pontifex's address.  
Shutting the government down will disrupt the economy and cost us jobs. I hope my colleagues come to their senses. 
NEWS: Sanders, Brown and Senate Democrats Introduce Bill to Stop Cadillac Tax. 
Republicans are again taking us to the edge of a shutdown demanding we take away health care from Americans. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Shutdown Threat. 
In citing Dorothy Day, the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world.
He forces us to address some of the major issues facing humanity such as war, income and wealth inequality, poverty, unemployment and greed.
Pope Francis is clearly one of the important religious and moral leaders not only in the world today but in modern history.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Pope’s Remarks 
Coming up at 12:30 PM ET: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC with @mitchellreports
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will discuss Pope Francis' address to Congress on CNN
Watch Pope Francis address Congress: 
I would hope that some of my colleagues would examine the very profound lessons that Pope Francis is teaching people all over this world.
10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike:  
Today's News: Sen. Sanders welcomes Pope Francis to    
Pope Francis is saying that trickle-down economics does not work 
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed, and the worship of money, is not what human existence should be about.
Watch: Pope Francis has issued us a challenge that we must embrace 
RT @HuffingtonPost: Bernie Sanders really likes what Pope Francis is all about  
Pope Francis has issued us a call that we should embrace.  
The pope is saying that money, the accumulation of money and the worship of money is not what life should be about.
Pope Francis is calling for a social and economic system that lives in harmony with nature, not one that destroys the planet. 
The time has come for Congress to end this injustice by raising the minimum wage to a living wage. 
Today's News: Sanders marches with workers, welcomes Pope Francis to DC, fights for lower prescription drugs. 
Sen. Sanders is live on @CNN's @NewDay now talking about Pope Francis.
Sen. Sanders calls on Congress to act on Pope Francis's message.  Watch: 
Today, Americans pay, by far, the highest prices for prescription drugs anywhere in the world. Sen. Sanders proposal: 
Sen. Sanders will join @MSNBC’s @allinwithchris tonight to talk about  and skyrocketing drug prices. Tune it at 8pmEST.
Sen. Sanders joins striking Capitol workers welcoming Pope Francis, calls for $15 minimum wage and a union. Watch: 
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis to   
Money does rule, and that is why, in my view, we have got to overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections.
RT @bridgetbhc: As the pope arrives, Sen. Sanders is on the Senate floor speaking about Pope Francis bringing attention to economic inequal…
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about Pope Francis 
RT @nytimes: Bernie Sanders is using the pope's visit to Washington to amplify his call for a wage increase for federal workers …
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
RT @ryanbeckwith: Bernie Sanders joins striking Capitol workers ahead of Pope Francis' visit  @Sam_Frizell …
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Sequestration. 
NEWS: Sanders statement after voting to block legislation that would have prohibited certain abortions 
On National Voter Registration Day we should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to vote. 
RT @Reagan_Airport: Veterans aboard the first all female Honor Flight arrive to a hero's welcome @Reagan_Airport 
There is no justice when the largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the US government 
NEWS: Sanders Joins Striking Capitol Workers.   
RT @BenjaminBell: 10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike  via @maryaliceparks
RT @RobertsDan: Bernie Sanders welcomes Pope at strike for low paid federal workers calls on Congress to heed call for social justice http:…
Enough is enough. We want justice. We want fair pay. We want a union. @GoodJobsNation
There is no justice when people working in the US including in the Senate do not earn enough to take care of their families 
Today, as we welcome Pope Francis to the US, I hope that Congress will heed his call for social and economic justice. 
RT @politico: Bernie Sanders to join striking workers for pope visit  | Getty 
Must Read: 1 in 4 college women report unwanted sexual contact -@jcarrsmyth 
Today's News: Sanders calls on Turing Pharmaceuticals to justify a $700-plus spike in price for a 62-year old drug 
The enormous overnight price increase for Daraprim is just the latest in a long list of skyrocketing price increases 
We have got to make sure that everyone in this country can afford the prescription drugs that they need to live healthy lives.
The time has come for Congress to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical companies. 
News: Sanders and Cummings Investigate “Overnight” Price Increase of Life-Saving Drug. 
Bernie on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: 
Must Read: Drug Goes From $ a Tablet to $750, Overnight -@nytimes 
Americans shouldn't live in fear they will go bankrupt if they get sick. Read Sanders' plan to lower drug prices: 
Today's News: Sanders leads the fight against skyrocketing prescription drug prices. 
Trickle down economics is a fraud. 
If we strive toward morality and justice it is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor and working people of our country.
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent-paying jobs in the process 
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least $15 an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty. 
"Let us say NO to an economy of exclusion and inequality" -@Pontifex 
We can be a nation which joins other nations around the world in guaranteeing health care as a right.
There is no justice when all over this country people are working long hours for abysmally low wages. 
When we talk about morality, what we are talking about is all of God's children have a right to go to a doctor when they are sick.
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders brought his message of lifting the middle class to The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.
We must end the private prison racket. 
Tonight at 11:30 PM ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @colbertlateshow 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health. 
Republicans seem to have forgotten that when Bush left office 800,000 people were losing their jobs a month. 
RT @Grassroots_News: 7 good things if we ban  w/  Act  @SenSanders @RepRaulGrijalva ht…
When we talk about morality and justice, we have to understand that there is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
Today's News: Sanders introduces bill to ban private prisons  
Sen. Sanders is live on @CBSNews This Morning now.
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth.
We must end the private for profit prison racket &amp; address the harder question of reducing the prison population: 
Mass incarceration harms our society, pulls families apart.  Act will begin to turn that around. 
Must Read: What Incarceration Costs American Families -@AlanaSemuels   
NEWS: Sanders, House Leaders Introduce Bill to Ban Private Prisons: 
Corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars 
RT @keithellison: Joining @SenSanders to call for the end of private prisons.  
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities. 
Our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration.  
Happening Now: Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN with @ChrisCuomo
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as the US does, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
There is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in the last two years saw their wealth increase by $170 billion. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Income and Poverty Report: 
Our first responders raced into the disaster not away from it in order to save lives. 
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
Must Read: The Gender Wage Gap Hasn’t Improved In Seven Years -@brycecovert:  
All of our kids who have the ability and the desire must be able to get a college education regardless of income. 
Today's News: Sanders joins  March. 
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
Do you think it is moral that 20% of the children in this county are living in poverty? 
Their story, my story, our story is a story of America. 
RT @EleanorNorton: Welcoming  marchers to DC with @GKButterfield and @SenSanders  
We are living in a nation and in a world, which worships the acquisition of money and great wealth. 
Sen. Sanders will join @MSNBC's @mitchellreports today at 12PM EST.
When you talk about children understand that the Republican budget threw 27 million people off of health care including many children.
Today's News: Sanders leads on lowering prescription drug prices. 
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth. 
Gov. Walker’s plan would lower wages &amp; the benefits that working people receive while making the wealthy &amp; large corporations even richer
Gov. Walker’s attack on the trade union movement would move us in exactly the wrong direction. 
It would, I think, be hard for anyone to make the case that the US is a just society or anything close it. 
In my view justice and morality suffer when millions of children go to bed hungry. That is not what America should be about.
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage and that we will raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Today’s News: Sanders says world must respond to refugee crisis 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world. 
People are leaving Syria and Iraq with just the clothes on their backs. The world has got to respond. 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
@Pontifex: The worship of the golden calf of old has found a new and heartless image in the cut of  
Watch Sen. Sanders this morning on NBC's @meetthepress. Check your local listings:  
The American political system has been totally corrupted and the foundations of democracy are being undermined. 
Through the first half of 2015, there is now enough solar installed in the United States to power more than  million homes.
It is not acceptable that many youth have criminal records for smoking marijuana, while the CEOs of banks do not 
Must Read: What it’s like to live on $2 a day in the United States -@chicoharlan: 
Sen. Sanders is on NBC's @meetthepress this Sunday. Check your local listings:  
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
It's time to implement prescription drug policies that work for everybody, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
One of the biggest mistakes our government made after the financial crisis was not prosecuting the people responsible 
Remembering 9/11: "At A Brooklyn Cemetery, A Place Of Work — And An Enduring Memorial" -@NPR @StoryCorps: 
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer. 
RT @SenateSAA: We remember . This morning at 8:46AM  will observe a moment of silence to honor the lives lost. http://…
Watch Sen. Sanders on MSNBC with @chrislhayes at 8:15 PM ET
We cannot let the drug companies rip-off Americans who are suffering any longer. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Nuclear Deal Vote  
Our emphasis must be on rehabilitation, not incarceration and longer prison sentences. 
It is easy to go to war, it not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.  
"The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. It has got to stop." Watch Sen. Sanders speech: 
Coming up at 1PM ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN with @wolfblitzer
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings Introduce Comprehensive Legislation to Lower Soaring Drug Prices 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug. 
RT @OversightDems: @SenSanders @RepCummings announced they are introducing legislation to lower drug prices 
You could have the best doctor in the world but it does not matter if you cannot afford the medication you are prescribed.
Watch now: Sen. Sanders addresses skyrocketing drug prices 
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders &amp; @RepCummingson on Prescription Drug Prices – LIVE online here:  
Coming up at 10 AM ET: Sen. Sanders and @RepCummings will announce legislation to rein in skyrocketing drug prices. Live on Periscope.
I fear that many of my Republican colleagues do not understand that war must be a last resort, not the first resort. 
Today's News: Sanders slams opponents of , introduces bill to lower prescription drug prices 
RT @Loftus: Bernie Sanders to introduce bill targeting high drug prices   via @WSJ
Why Sen. Sanders supports the Iran Deal. Watch his speech: 
Sen. Sanders: War Should Be the Last Option: Why I Support the Iran Nuclear Deal 
I think it is incumbent upon us to give the negotiated agreement with Iran a chance to succeed.
Does the Iran agreement achieve everything I would like?  Of course not.  But to my mind, it is far better than the path we were on.
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement. 
I voted against the war in Iraq.  Sadly, much of what I feared in fact did happen. I do not want to see it happen again. 
Those who have have spoken out against the Iran agreement are the same people who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq.
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders speaks on the Senate Floor about the . Watch here: 
Sen. Sanders will speak about why he supports the Iran deal at 4:30 PM ET. See a preview here: 
Coming up at 4:30 PM ET: Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about the nuclear agreement with Iran: 
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country on earth that does not guarantee paid leave 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's health.  
We need to end the disgraceful practice of corporations profiting from the incarceration of Americans. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders will introduce bills to reform private prisons and to lower prescription drug prices 
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
How have skyrocketing prescription drug prices affected you? Tell Bernie:  
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty.
Must Read: Cities Could Save $17 Trillion Just By Reducing Their Greenhouse Gas Emissions -@climateprogress 
We have got to make sure that everyone in this country can afford the prescription drugs that they need. 
We need a tax system which reduces the obscene degree of wealth inequality in America. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders celebrates Labor Day by thanking workers and highlighting growing income inequality 
If you've ever enjoyed a paid vacation, a sick day or a pension the men and women of the labor movement are the people to thank. 
We need a massive jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure &amp; create millions of decent paying jobs. 
The president's executive order is the right thing to do. Congress now has to extend paid sick leave to all workers. 
Labor Day is a time to celebrate the accomplishments of the activists and organizers who built our middle class. 
RT @HuffPostPol: .@SenSanders writes about the importance of honoring the working people of this country  …
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class.  
It's time to fight for the middle class once again so that every working person in the  has a chance at a decent life. 
RT @latimes: Who does and who doesn't have the jobs and money: A Labor Day index from Bernie Sanders   …
These billionaires want it all. They want to leave other Americans with the "freedom" to live in poverty. 
We must listen to the cries of hungry children, not the lobbyists for the military-industrial-complex. 
Sen. Sanders on Labor Day 2015: Stand Together and Fight Back — @HuffingtonPost 
We are sick and tired of the war against working families.
Today's News: Sen. Sanders' labor day index lists the jobs and income statistics you need to know 
.@Pontifex: Do we truly realize that something is wrong in a world where there are so many farmworkers without land? 
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections.
Today more than 1 in 9 bridges in the US is structurally deficient. 
We need legislation which puts 11 million undocumented people living in the United States on a path to citizenship. 
Americans Overwhelmingly Support A Vacation Mandate — @HuffingtonPost
 
Must Read: Three Rich Treasury Secretaries Laugh It Up Over Income Inequality -@HuffingtonPost. Watch the exchange: 
We need a movement that will end our disastrous trade policies and that includes defeating the disastrous TPP.
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program. 
There is a 40-year war going on this country today against the American middle class. 
Must Read: Low-Income Workers See Biggest Drop in Paychecks -@nytimes  
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders discusses the cost of war and moves to slow the increasing cost of prescription drugs: 
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick. 
Until 1973 workers' wages increased along with productivity but then wages were left behind:  
At a time of massive inequality we must ask people who are doing phenomenally well to start paying their fair share 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders' proposal to rein in skyrocketing drug prices receives overwhelming support 
The nuclear agreement with Iran has the best chance of limiting Iran’s ability to produce a nuclear weapon, while avoiding yet another war.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in but how it can resolve conflicts in a peaceful manner. 
What the Supreme Court essentially said in Citizens United was that billionaires could own the  government. 
Must Read: Louisiana lays bare what happens if Republicans cut Planned Parenthood's funding:  
6,000 people have responded. 99% say drug prices are too high &amp; 98% say the government must take action. Weigh in: 
Education must be a right of all people. 
We need substantial new revenue by asking the largest corporation to start paying their fair share of taxes. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders releases proposal to slow the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs: 
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty.
Must Read: This is climate change: Alaskan villagers struggle as island is chewed up by the sea -@marialaganga: 
We are moving very, very quickly from a democratic society, one person, one vote, to an oligarchic form of society 
Tell Bernie: Do you believe prescription drug prices are unreasonably high?  
NEWS: Sanders Proposes Legislation on Soaring Drug Prices: 
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world -- by far. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders argues drones must be used "very selectively and effectively" 
I believe along w/@Pontifex &amp; nearly all scientists that climate change is threatening this planet in horrendous ways 
I voted against the Iraq war which I think will go down as one of the worst foreign policy blunders we have ever seen 
It makes no sense to give tax breaks to billionaires when we have so many children living in poverty.
The American people want a government that represents all of us and not just Wall Street and the wealthiest people.
Coming up at Noon ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on @msnbc with @mitchellreports
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on MSNBC with @mitchellreports at 12 PM ET
As a result of Citizens United our campaign finance system has become corrupt and politicians are dependent upon billionaires for money.
Today's News: Democratic platform now includes $15/hour min wage, Sanders introduced bill to  in July: 
It is absurd that college graduates today are carrying debts of $50,000, $100,000 or more. We must deal with the issue of student debt.
The benchmark of full time work in America should be that no full-time worker should live in poverty. 
Working for a just distribution of the fruits of the earth and human labor is not mere philanthropy. -@Pontifex 
Must Read from @nybooks: The Pope and the Planet by @billmckibben: 
It’s time for fundamental changes in our trade policies so that corporate America starts investing in this country. 
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago. 
Sen. Sanders will join @CNN’s State of the Union and @ThisWeekABC on Sunday. 
Must Read from @voxdotcom: Sen. Sanders was called a liar for saying Hitler won an election. But he was right: 
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
WATCH: Sen. Sanders reflects on the power of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom: 
The Koch brothers and the billionaire class want it all. 
President Harry Truman: "I don't give them hell. I just tell the truth." 
Today's News: Wall Street volatility renews call for Sen. Sanders' financial transaction tax: 
American democracy is not about corporations and billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections. 
Must Read: Here's How Outrageous The Pay Gap Between CEOs And Workers Is -@jsyche:  
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy. 
It is an international embarrassment that nearly 20 percent of kids in America are living in poverty. 
Today's News: Sanders urges Postal Service to reinstate overnight delivery, Sanders and Pope are "prophetic voices" 
We must end the absurdity of private corporations making billions out of jails. 
What they are saying is to hell with the American middle class; to hell with the American dream. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders calls on @USPS to reinstate overnight delivery: 
Women represent nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers.  
When we say, enough is enough, this country belongs to all of us, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
Today's News: Sen. Sanders supports bill to stop revolving door between Washington and Wall Street: 
Today, over half of American workers have less than $10,000 in savings 
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty, the wealthiest 15 people in this  
 NEWS: Vermont Health Centers Receive National Recognition and Additional Funding for High Quality Care 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple and concrete – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
It is a national disgrace that real median family income is lower today than it was 26 years ago. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders hits Wall Street after stock panic: 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world.
We are not going to cut social security! We are going to expand social security! 
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class they cannot have it all. 
The results are in. Unfettered free trade has been a disaster for working Americans. It is high time we ended our disastrous trade policies.
Today's News: @YahooPolitics takes a closer look at Sen. Sanders' positions on foreign policy: 
It is unacceptable that the typical female worker made $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
"Wages in America for millions of people are just too damn low." - Sen. Sanders
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling 
.@Pontifex: 
How does it happen that we can spend trillions on never ending wars but can't afford to rebuild our crumbling roads? 
President Teddy Roosevelt: There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. 
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed on Wall Street. 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
There is no question that the war on drugs has been a failure. 
To truly empower our communities, we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people. 
Every man, woman, and child is entitled to health care, and that right exists in virtually every other major country 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders focused on raising wages, ending institutional racism, stopping climate change: 
Voter suppression today is alive and well 
We are turning our backs on an entire generation of kids 
Education should be a right, not a privilege. 
 Must Read: 36 Hours in Burlington, Vermont -@nytimestravel @jegner: 
Must Read: Global warming worsened the California drought, scientists say -@bydarrylfears: 
Watch @uvmvermont student and  leader Gina Fiorile lead a Q&amp;A live from the White House: 
RT @uvmvermont: Today:  student Gina Fiorile is back at the @WhiteHouse, leading a Q&amp;A for an  event: …
The American people are sick and tired of establishment politics, establishment economics and establishment media. 
Today's News: "He shows that it’s possible to be a politician who speaks the truth." -- Cornel West on Sen. Sanders: 
It's time for Wall Street to come to the aid of working families. 
Republicans' family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body. I disagree! 
The millionaire class and the billionaire class increasingly own the political process 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that we leave this planet in a way that is habitable. 
Today's News: Americans are working harder for less and paying more for prescription drugs: 
Afternoon News: Sen. Sanders and Senate Democrats push Republicans to open budget negotiations 
It is obscene that we have penitentiaries in this country run by private corporations. 
EPA’s plan to cut methane emissions is an important step but we must do more to tackle the crisis of climate change 
The 19th Amendment was ratified 95 years ago because American women organized and fought for the right to vote. 
We need to expand Medicare to cover every man, woman and child as a single-payer national health care program 
The US government should not be in the business of profiteering on high interest rates on working-class families 
Today's News: Sanders right to highlight job losses caused by sequestration: 
Are you on the side of ordinary people struggling to put food on the table and send their kids to college? 
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling. 
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they're 68 or 70 before qualifying for Social Security 
Private insurance companies' goal is to make as much money as possible, not to provide quality care. 
Today's News: Sanders calls out media for focusing on wrong issues, leads push for $15 an hour minimum wage: 
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement. Julian Bond dedicated his life to justice for all. -Sen. Sanders
Rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline is a no-brainer. 
NEWS: Sanders statement on the passing of Julian Bond. 
Our democracy is under fierce attack. We must overturn the disastrous Citizens United decision. 
The earth, our home, is beginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth. -@Pontifex 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. 
The top one-tenth of one percent should not own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
When we talk about everybody that must include 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country. 
We should be investing in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. 
Must Read from @EconomicPolicy: Nothing inaccurate in Sanders’ description of CBO numbers on impact of budget cuts: 
Afternoon News: Sen. Sanders and @RepCummings investigate rising drug prices: 
President Ronald Reagan: "Social Security has nothing to do with the deficit."  
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid out every benefit owed to every eligible American.  
 is the most successful government program in our nation’s history. 
I applaud President Obama &amp; Secretary Kerry for moving to develop normal diplomatic relations with . 
From Burlington City Hall to the United States Senate, Sen. Sanders’ message hasn’t changed: 
It's an embarrassment &amp; crime that Republicans have refused to consider legislation to restore the Voting Rights Act. 
Today's News: MSNBC's Rachel Maddow examines Sen. Sanders consistency through the years: 
Health care is a human right. 
Afternoon News: The impact of Sen. Sanders' $15 minimum wage bill, Burlington goes 100% renewable 
It's profoundly wrong that we have a proliferation of billionaires and the highest rate of childhood poverty 
 Sen. Sanders in 1997: “Big money cannot continue to buy elections.” 
We are going to make sure that every veteran get the heath care and benefits they are entitled to. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders focusing on environmental justice in fight to protect the : 
President Jimmy Carter has devoted his life to the American people. My thoughts are with him and his family. -B
The right to vote is preservative of all other rights. 
RT @MiaFarrow: "We have a message to the billionaire class and that message is; YOU CAN'T HAVE IT ALL."  - Bernie Sanders
We are moving very quickly from a democratic society, one person, one vote, to an oligarchic form of society. 
We must end the absurdity of  million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay. 
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program. 
I want you to think of what this great country can be. 
Today's News: @USCBO finds up to  million jobs could be created if Congress stops arbitrary budget cuts: 
If Congress does not act to end sequestration, we’re looking at the loss of as many as  million jobs over the next two years.
RT @WhiteHouse: If Republicans in Congress agree to end harmful budget cuts, America could add up to  million jobs (via @USCBO): http://…
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society, 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Job Losses Caused by Sequestration  
It's time to make our government work for all of us and not just the 1%. 
Today's News: The New York Times applauds Sanders' plan to make public colleges tuition free for undergrads: 
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. 
The cost of war is real. It is terrible. I believe that war should be the last resort, not the first resort.
Yesterday, Sen. Sanders explained why he supports the Iran nuclear deal: 
What takes place in the US Congress today has nothing to do with the reality of middle-class working families. 
We must revolutionize our nation’s higher education system. 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt: 
Today's News: Sanders tells CBS' @FaceTheNation he will support the nuclear agreement with Iran: 
I want to know why the US is the only major country on earth that doesn't provide health care to all of its people. 
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt. 
.@Pontifex: Humanity is called to recognize the need for changes of lifestyle to combat this warming. 
Today: Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation. Check local listing:  
We are seeing the two pronged attack on our democracy. 
Are we happy that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1%? 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Slain Vermont Social Worker  
A living wage should not only be fair, it should be equitable. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday morning. Check your local listing:  
NEWS: Sanders Supports Iran Nuclear Deal: 
Sanders on : The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in.  
The Week in Review: Sanders slams broken campaign finance system, calls for  to lead on voter turnout: 
Must Read: "The Racial Gaps in America's Recovery" -@TheAtlantic @gillianbwhite: 
Change takes place because people struggle. 
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders is on the Thom Hartmann Program. Watch live: 
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders on : "I want to see America have the highest voter turnout of any major country." 
Happening Now: Sen. Sander is on MSNBC with @TheRevAl discussing the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act 
Coming up: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC's @PoliticsNation with @TheRevAl at 6:10 PM ET
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard.  
 to when Sen. Sanders joined Jon Stewart on the @TheDailyShow in 2011:  
"The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression." Watch Sen. Sanders' speech: 
The American political system is being destroyed. What we are looking
at now is oligarchy, not democracy. Watch: 
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Legislation to Increase Voter Turnout on   
So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably possess the right to vote I do not possess myself. -MLK Jr.  
RT @repjohnlewis: Our vote is the foundation of democracy. A just &amp; fair society requires the removal of any &amp; all barriers to the ballot b…
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America! 
Today's News: Sanders discusses voter suppression and , applauds new CEO pay rule: 
There must be a guarantee that people receive what they need in order to live a dignified life. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on CEO Pay Rule 
We need real family values!  
In terms of real family values in many respects the US lags behind virtually every major country on earth.  
For 22 years, the Family Medical Leave Act has helped millions of Americans  
How the  helps our communities: 
This is what inequality means in America: Today CEO compensation is nearly 300 times worker compensation. 
It's time to join the rest of the industrialized world in guaranteeing paid family leave  
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery. 
Today's News: Sanders slams legalized bribery, talks immigration reform with @jorgeramosnews: 
Our vision should be a nation in which all people regardless of income can participate in the political process 
I fear very much that government of the people, by the people, for the people is perishing in the United States. 
Afternoon News: Sanders calls for publicly funded elections, anti-austerity push goes mainstream 
Sanders: We must replace our corrupt system of legalized bribery. Watch the speech: 
Must Read: The New American Slavery: Invited to the , Foreign Workers Find a Nightmare -@BuzzFeedNews: 
The measure of success for law enforcement should not be how many people get locked up. 
NEWS: Sanders Proposes Public Funding of Elections to Replace ‘Corrupt’ System of ‘Legalized Bribery’ 
"Our vision for the future should be one where candidates are not telling billionaires what they can do for them." - Sen. Sanders
President Jimmy Carter: The US is "an oligarchy, with unlimited political bribery" 
We are talking about a rapid movement in this country where a handful of wealthy individuals and companies determine who gets elected.
"How many billions will be used to elect candidates who only represent the rich and the super rich?" - Sen. Sanders
"In the year 2015, 'government of the people, by the people, for the people' is perishing in America." -Sen. Sanders
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders announces legislation to take money out of politics. Watch here: 
Coming up at 11:30 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will speak about the influence of money in politics on @cspan
It's insane that we have young people who have the desire &amp; ability to go to college but cannot afford tuition. 
Today's News: Sanders calls attempted Planned Parenthood cuts "an attack on women's health," supports  
"The global economy is simply unsustainable when so few have so much and so many have so little." -Sen. Sanders 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders Denounces Republican Attack on Women  
The time has come to say loudly and clearly: enough is enough. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders addresses the Greek Debt Crisis 
Senate Republicans’ attempt to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.  
Climate change is a planetary crisis. Our task is clear. We must dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
We need to give our children, regardless of their race or their income, a fair shot at attending college. 
We must move boldly to transform or energy system away from fossil fuels &amp; toward renewable energy  
Today's News: Sen. Sanders welcomes the , pushes for publicly funded elections 
Pres Obama knows climate change is the great planetary crisis facing us &amp; we must move boldly to transform our energy system 
President Carter: We’ve just seen a complete subversion of our political system as a payoff to major contributors. 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple – that no full-time worker should live in poverty. 
.@Pontifex: 
This morning Sen. Sanders is on ABC's "This Week." Check your local listings:  
We will not give tax breaks to billionaires when children in this country are going hungry! 
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated. 
Sunday: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on ABC's @ThisWeekABC. Check your local listings:  
Bernie Sanders Explains Why You Should Care About What’s Happening to Greece -@thenation:  
The Week in Review: Sen. Sanders calls for Medicare-for-all &amp; rebukes Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it. 
This is the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, but nobody in America knows it 
Watch Sen. Sanders announce his plan for a Medicare-for-all health care system 
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance, 
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave 
Ann shared how Medicare impacted her life :  
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders discusses the Greek Debt Crisis with nobel prize economist @JosephEStiglitz. Watch live: 
America is the only major nation in the industrialized world that does not guarantee health care as a right: 
This is not just an environmental issue, this is also a global national security issue as well.  
RT @rooseveltinst: On Thursday @JosephEStiglitz will join @SenSanders and others to discuss the ongoing Greek crisis 
NEWS: On 50th Anniversary of Medicare, Sanders Proposes Medicare-for-All  
"The time has come to say that we need to expand Medicare to cover every man, woman and child." -Sen. Sanders 
As a moral society our job is to ask: do we believe that everyone is entitled to health care? -Sen. Sanders
Health care is a right for all people not a privilege. -Sen. Sanders  
Join the discussion about the crisis in Greece with Sen. Sanders and @JosephEStiglitz TODAY at 2:30PM in Hart Senate Office Building Rm 902
As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare, it is important that we defend this enormously important program. 
"Without Medicare I'd have " -Alan, Oregon. See more stories:  
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.  
On the 50th Anniversary of Medicare &amp; Medicaid, people wrote Sen. Sanders about how the programs have impacted them: 
RT @SenateBudget: Great chance to meet @SenSanders @JosephEStiglitz &amp; others at Greek debt conference tomorrow at 2:30 pm …
NEWS: Sanders &amp; @RepCummings Urge Officials to Combat Overcharging for Critical Drug:  
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections. 
NEWS: Sanders' statement on Planned Parenthood :  
RT @EnergyDems: "We have got to address this planetary crisis. The debate is over. Scientists agree  is real, human-caused." …
Our job now is to aggressively transform our energy system away from fossil fuels. 
Thursday: Sen. Sanders &amp; Joseph Stiglitz will be discussing the Greek Debt Crisis. RSVP:  
Take the poll: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour?  
It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking  
Men, we have to stand with women and fight for full pay equity.  Day 
RSVP here:  
RT @TheArcUS: @SenSanders speaking about  after the march! 
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
Must Read: "Greece, the Sacrificial Lamb" -@JosephEStiglitz: 

RSVP to the discussion: 
Today's News: National Journal looks at Sen. Sanders' history of bipartisanship &amp; Sanders sits down with Vox 
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who’s involved in domestic abuse situations. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege. 
Sanders calls for "common sense" gun control solutions: 
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families. That has got to change. 
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people, not for hunting, should not be sold in America. 
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank. 
If we are serious about creating jobs &amp; climate change  we must be deadly serious about campaign finance reform. 
Today everything comes under the laws of competition and the survival of the fittest. -@Pontifex 
Sen. Sanders is on NBC's @meetthepress this morning. Check your local listing for airtime:  
It’s unconscionable that women earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work. 
If we ended tax breaks and subsidies for big oil, gas, and coal  
Sunday: Sen. Sanders will be on NBC's @meetthepress with @chucktodd. Check your local listing:  
As FDR reminded us, a nation’s greatness is judged by how it treats the people most in need. 
$, the current federal minimum wage, is a starvation wage.  Watch the video: 
The Week in Review: Sanders fights for $15, responds to Sandra Bland arrest, supports reinstating Glass-Steagall 
RT @SenateBudget: 210 top economists in the country agree: a $15/hr minimum wage is the right thing to do. Read more here: …
A mother has the right to know what she is feeding her child.  
Today's News: living wage proponents have found a champion in Sen. Sanders, House passes bill to block GMO labeling 
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century. This is catastrophic. 
A living wage and a union is the only way working women can get ahead, and stay ahead. -Sontia Bailey 
Pictures from yesterday's rally for a living wage:   
RT @SenateBudget: Tune in July 30 @ 2:30 for a discussion on Greek debt led by @SenSanders &amp; noted national economists:  …
Those are their family values, not our family values. 
ICYMI Sen. Sanders strongly condemned the arrest and death of Sandra Bland on @edshow &amp; called for reforms 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are living in poverty. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders strongly condemns arrest and death of Sandra Bland, fights for $15 minimum wage 
No one who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. -Sen. Sanders   
$ an hour is a starvation wage. It’s got to be raised to a living wage. -Sen. Sanders  
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations. 
The simple truth is that working people cannot survive on the federal minimum wage of $ an hour. 
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill for $15-an-Hour Minimum Wage  
LIVE on :  Sanders announces $15 minimum wage 
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders announces $15 minimum wage bill 
Coming up at 11 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will address rally to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour LIVE on Periscope
People across the country are working hard, yet they can’t afford to send their kids to college. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders calls for $15 minimum wage, responds to video of Sandra Bland's arrest 
LIVE on Periscope at 11 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will address hundreds of workers &amp; unveil legislation to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour
This video of Sandra Bland's arrest shows totally outrageous police behavior. 
The lowest-paid worker in America today would be making more than $28 an hour. 
RT @GoodJobsNation: We are ready to rally in DC tmrw 11am with @SenSanders @keithellison @RepRaulGrijalva   http://t…
The struggle for racial and economic justice continues. 
We need a vision that says that every person in this country is entitled to healthcare as a right. 
Must Read: "I am a cashier at the US Capitol. I earn so little that I work two jobs" -Sontia Bailey @guardian: 
Sanders spoke to 500  high school students, mostly from families that have never sent a child to college. Video: 
When we look at names like Sandra Bland, or Eric Garner or Freddie Gray, we understand that what we  
Today's News: Sanders to unveil minimum wage legislation Wednesday, supports Vermont rail project 
We’ve got to do what every other major country on earth does and have a medical and family leave program. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders readies legislation to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour, calls to expand Social Security 
It is against our country's best interests that hundreds of thousands of young people cannot afford to go to college 
If we are truly serious about ending too big to fail, we have got to break up the largest financial institutions 
With the collapse of the American middle class, men and women are being forced to work incredibly long hours. 
The US is the only advanced economy that does not guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave. That is wrong 
If the bottom 90% had simply maintained the same share of wealth that it did in  
.@Pontifex: Man is not in charge today, money is in charge, money rules. 
I believe that Wall Street regulates the Congress and that you have to break these guys up. 
For the last 40 years, there has been a massive attack by the wealthiest Americans against the middle class. 
The week in review: Sanders calls for "jobs not jails," responds to Iran deal, applauds the Older Americans Act 
 Karla M. from Greenville, TX: 
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake. 
If we do not reverse course, young Americans will have a lower standard of living than their parents. 
Must Read: CEO Pay Has Grown 90x Faster than Typical Worker Pay Since 1978 -@EconomicPolicy  
Today's News from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
Climate change is a planetary crisis. 
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Passage of Older Americans Act Reauthorization 
Today I co-sponsored @SenJeffMerkley’s bill to ban arctic drilling. We need Congress to move toward clean energy, not more drilling.
American seniors deserve to live with dignity and with a sense of security.   reauthorization 
The time has come to invest in jobs for our kids not jails 
It is a lot less expensive to provide jobs and education to our young people than to lock them up 
NEWS: Sanders Praises President’s Prison Visit, Calls for Jobs Not Jails  
The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to help young people find jobs. How will your senator vote? Live: 
RT @DSenFloor: VOTE: @SenSanders amdt #2177 (youth jobs) to , Every Child Achieves Act (60 vote threshold)  …
NOW: The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to give jobs to young people. Watch live: 
One of the reasons we have so many people incarcerated in America is that we have an obscenely high level of youth unemployment.
RT @NSBAComm: Next vote up: @SenSanders amdt. 2177 on youth job programs.     
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the  floor. Watch live here: 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders expresses "grave concern" over human trafficking in Malaysia 
We should be pursuing policies that unite families, not tear them apart. 
Between 1985 and 2013 there was a huge redistribution of wealth in America.  Sadly, it went in the wrong direction. 
Afternoon news: Sen. Sanders advocates for guaranteed paid vacation and maternity leave 
We've got to start creating a situation where our kids can leave school and start leading productive lives 
Let me be as clear as I can be: it makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs and education than in more and more jails. -Sen. Sanders
From April 2014-March 2015, the real unemployment rate for black high school graduates (ages 17-20) was , for Hispanics it was 
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
Sen. Sanders is on his way to speak on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
The answer to unemployment and poverty is not and cannot be the over-incarceration of young African Americans. 
Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate floor today at 2:15. Watch live here: 
Black Children in  Are Much More Likely to Live in Poverty, Study Finds - @stavernise:  
What sense is it to tell working moms and dads that they cannot get the quality and affordable childcare they need? 
Today's News: Sanders supports Iran nuclear deal, generic drug prices rise 
Tragically we have more people in jail today than any other country on earth including China. 
The nuclear agreement with Iran is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Nuclear Agreement:  
I believe there should be a responsible path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadow. 
Today's News from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
You determine who's out of the mainstream: 
We have got to provide our young people with the jobs and the skills they need to succeed. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders on economic growth, the push to expand Social Security 
We've got to move to a society that provides a high quality of life for all of our people. 
We need a political revolution. 
We have got to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes. 
20 percent of our children are living in poverty. 
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. - Sen. Sanders on @FaceTheNation now
TODAY: Sen. Sanders is on CBS's @FaceTheNation. Check your local listings:  
.@Pontifex: We must say: 'We want a just system!' 
We will not accept a society in which billionaires are able to undermine our democracy by buying elections 
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality childcare or early education that they need. 
Today's News: Pope Francis criticizes the "mentality of profit at any price," Sanders' solar legislation 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday morning, July 12. Check local listings:  
If current trends continue 1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his lifetime. 
The week in review: Sen. Sanders addresses child poverty, introduces low-income solar initiative 
Climate change is already causing devastating problems. We have to address it. 
NEWS: Senators Call on FCC to Probe Cable, Broadband Prices: 
Today's News from Sen. Sanders: Puerto Rico, immigration and campaign finance reform 
This grotesque level of income inequality is immoral. 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Despite huge increases in productivity, Americans continue to work some of the longest hours of any country on earth 
Sen. Sanders: Americans already work longer hours than employees in most other countries in the world 
Happening now Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
The sad truth is that Americans already work the longest hours of any people in the Western industrialized world 
Coming up at 5:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
Must Read: "Bringing Broken-Windows Policing to Wall Street" -@Chris_arnade @TheAtlantic: 
When you have major corporations not paying a nickel in federal taxes clearly that has got to change. 
Do you have a question for Bernie? Call the @Thom_Hartmann show now: 202 536-2370 or Watch here: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders calls youth unemployment "an issue of crisis proportions," addresses  rising drug costs 
 to 1974: No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken. 
Sen. Sanders: America’s aproach to children an international embarrassment 
The great American middle class has been disappearing. 
NEWS: America’s Approach to Children an ‘International Embarrassment,’ Sanders Says: 
It makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs, job training and education than to spend incredible amounts on jails and law enforcement
We must move toward a universal Pre-K educational system for all of the kids of our country.
We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world and yet we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major nation.
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: 
NEWS: Coming up at 3:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate. Watch live: 
It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class. 
Must Read: Republicans Publicly Denounce Sen. Sanders’ Obamacare Expansion, Quietly Request Funding -@the_intercept: 
We have to fight against the politics of division that seeks to divide working families. 
Today's News: Sanders backs bankruptcy protections for Puerto Rico, proposes "grander idea" of free public college 
We must make sure that Puerto Rico can rebuild its economy, create good-paying jobs and expand its tax base. 
NEWS: Sanders statement on Puerto Rico's financial crisis:  
Families across this country struggle to pay electricity bills. Access to solar energy can help reduce these costs. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders introduces legislation to make solar energy more accessible to low-income families: 
Today's news: Sen. Sanders addresses black youth unemployment, pending pension cuts and Greece 
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @TheRevAl.
Coming up at 6:40pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @TheRevAl.
African American youth unemployment is 50% and one in three African American males born today may end up in jail. 
Today's afternoon news from Sen. Sanders: GOP quietly requests funding for health centers Sanders helped secure 
You cannot continue to take advantage of the benefits of America if you shirk your responsibilities as Americans 
Must Read: "Welcome to Hooverville, California" - @TobarWriter @nytimes: 
Trickle down economics is a fraud. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
I applaud the people of Greece for saying NO to more austerity for the poor, children, sick and elderly. 
NEWS: Greece Votes 'No' to Austerity:  
There are many major crises facing our country. At the top of the list is the need to overturn Citizens United. 
Weekend Read: "How Bernie Sanders Fought for Our Veterans" - @Politico:  
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders is on CNN's State of the Union
.@Pontifex: 
Today at 9 AM &amp; Noon ET: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on CNN's @CNNSotu with @JakeTapper
When you deny the right of workers to come together in collective bargaining, that's extremism. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's "State of the Union," tomorrow at 9 am &amp; Noon ET 
$ is a starvation wage, which must be raised. 
We have introduced a progressive estate tax that asks the billionaire class to pay their fair share. 
Must Read: How Bernie Sanders Fought for Our Veterans - @Politico: 
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty 
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral issue of our time. 
It makes no sense to me for the  government to provide corporate welfare to large and profitable corporations 
The choice should be how we make sure that every person in this country has the ability to get a college education. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The American people do not look kindly on a society where they can't afford to send their kids to  
Fifty years of Cold War is enough. 
In my view, we should invest $1 trillion in rebuilding our infrastructure in the next five years. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Here is the reality of the American economy: 
Afternoon news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
Must Read: 32 Years Before SCOTUS Decision, Sanders Backed Gay Pride March - @PaulHeintz, @Seven_Days: 
Our country and our government belong to all the people, not just a few. 
This long overdue change in overtime rules is a step in the right direction and good news for workers. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders welcomes new overtime rules for overworked employees  
When congressional districts are controlled by partisanship it is bad for voters and our democracy. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders' statement on  Arizona Redistricting Commission decision  
There is only one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care as a right - the United States. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax. 
We have created new idols. - @Pontifex 
Sen. Bernie Sanders is on @ThisWeeekABC this morning. Check your local broadcast time here: 
George Orwell: 
Weekend Read: "Power to the People" -@billmckibben @: 
Tomorrow, watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on @ThisWeekABC. See your local broadcast time here:  
.@RichardTrumka: "Repealing the estate tax is another slap in the face to the working people" 
The Week in Review: Sen. Sanders responded to  and  rulings &amp; more: 
For too long our justice system has marginalized the gay community. I'm very glad the Court has finally caught up. 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here:  Call in at: 202-536-2370
Coming up at noon Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Supreme Court Decision on Same-Sex Marriage: 
Today the Supreme Court fulfilled the words engraved upon its building: ‘Equal justice under law.’ 
Our nation cannot survive morally or economically when so few have so much while so many have so little 
Must read: "Who's Speaking Up for the American Worker?" - @papergirlmacy @nytopinion

Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? Deadline is tomorrow, Friday. Apply here: 
We must end the scandal in which millions of employees earn no overtime pay 
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders talks with @MarkHalperin and @jheil on @BloombergTV
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @BloombergTV talking with @MarkHalperin and @jheil.
Coming up at 5:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @BloombergTV talking with @MarkHalperin and @jheil.
Sen. Sanders proposes tax on billionaires to reduce wealth inequality:  
NEWS: Sen. Bernie Sanders' statement on Supreme Court decision upholding   
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference on the estate tax.
  
The Supreme Court recognized the common-sense reading of the # 
Coming up at 11amET Sen. Sanders will live stream his press conference on the estate tax. Watch live via  at 11. Stay tuned.
Today's news: Sen. Sanders backs voting rights bill, drafts transportation bill: 
Enough is enough! 
We can fix our roads and bridges and put Americans back to work at the same time. 
RT @HuffPostBlog: .@SenSanders: "Corporate greed must end" 
NEWS: Sanders backs voting rights bill: 
I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. 
NEWS: Senate Committee Passes Transportation Bill: 
It is time to bring our neighbors out of the shadows. 
Today's news: Sen. Sanders votes no on trade bill, argues for a path to citizenship for undocumented workers 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @Morning_Joe.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @Morning_Joe.
In just a minute Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
I’m a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the wealthiest people and largest corporations to pay their fair share 
RT @edshow: ➨ 1 hour to  with @BernieSanders on  at 5pET/4pCT/3pMT/2pPT on @msnbc!  
NOW: Sen. Sanders is talking with @LeslieMarshall today. Listen live at: 
Sen. Sanders will talk with @LeslieMarshall today from 4:06-4:15pmET. Listen live at: 
We need a new trade policy that represents working families and not just the big-money interests -Sen. Sanders 
NEWS: Corporate America wins again, Sen. Sanders says 
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them not only for CEOs of major multi-national corporations 
99% of all new income generated today goes to the top  
Today’s news: Sen. Sanders discusses , poll finds broad support for expanding social security 
Sen. Bernie Sanders: Take down the Confederate flag 
Want to intern in Sen. Bernie Sanders office? You can apply here. Deadline is June 26: 
The Confederate flag is a relic of our nation’s stained racial history. It should come down. 
I believe that the time is long overdue for the people of SC to remove the confederate flag from the state house grounds in Columbia.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
It is time to focus on the needs of the young people of our country and not more tax breaks for billionaires 
If we are prepared to stand up to the big-money interests we can create a nation that works for all Americans 
America has always been a haven for the oppressed. 
.@Pontifex: While the income of a minority is increasing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling. 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. 
Today's news: Sen. Bernie Sanders leads fight to reverse pension :
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: 
We must recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to be in the country they call home 
The week in review: Sen. Sanders unveils plan to restore pensions, responds to Charleston killings 
Since 2001, we have lost almost 60,000 factories and millions of decent paying jobs. 
Pensions are a promise made to workers and paid for by workers that simply cannot be nullified. 
Today’s news from Sen. Sanders: Charleston shooting “an act of terror” 
The American consumer does not want tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated. 
When a promise is made to the working people of this country with respect to their pensions it has got to be kept. 
Sanders' Statement on the Charleston Church Killings: 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders unveils bill to restore retirement security to 10 million retirees 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on House Trade Vote: 
 to 1998  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Coming up at 11:30amET Sen. Sanders will be livestreaming his press conference on pensions via .
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation. 
This senseless violence fills me with outrage, disgust and a deep, deep sadness.  
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation. 
Pope Francis’ powerful message on  should become a catalyst for the bold actions needed. 
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis’ Moral Message on Climate Change:  
Millions of seniors every day have to juggle their ability to buy food, buy medicine or keep themselves warm. 
Must Read: The Many Faces of Living With Debt in America -@RosenbergTennis @Slate:  
.@Neilyoung: 
My bill would help states and local government employ 1 million youth from ages 16 to 24.   
Sen. Bernie Sanders addresses the youth unemployment crisis in America, proposes youth jobs bill: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
A nation is judged by how it cares for its most vulnerable including the elderly and children. -Sen. Sanders: 
20 percent of seniors live on an average income of $7,600 a year.
Nearly 4 million seniors are “food insecure” – that means they do not know where their next meal is coming from.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: 
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today. 
We need a rational immigration process with a path to citizenship. 
Too many people are subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals 
Today’s News from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Anyone who looks at history understands our trade policies have been a disaster for American workers. -Sen. Sanders 
It is not acceptable that millions of seniors in this country are living in poverty. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @EdShow.
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
NEWS: Millions of Seniors Go Hungry, GAO Finds: 
Nearly 4 million seniors (more than 1 in 5) go hungry, GAO finds: 
Enough is enough! 
Today’s news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
The war on the middle class - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @BostonGlobe: 
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on @FaceTheNation this morning. Check your local listings 
.@Pontifex: 
The economy must work for all people, not just the one percent. 
Must read: "The war on the middle class must end"- Sen. Sanders @BostonGlobe 
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @FaceTheNation 
Today's news from Sen. Sanders: the House votes on trade, the war on the middle-class and more 
The Week in Review: Sanders details his family values  
RT @GlobeOpinion: .@SenSanders: Corporate greed must end, and we must end the war on the middle class   http:/…
It’s time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty not keep them in it 
NEWS: Sanders applauds House for  vote: 
Trade agreements have got to benefit the working families of our country.   
The billionaires, and their super-PACs, increasingly control the American political process. This is not democracy. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
It is time that we showed the people of this country that we are not just a nation that talks about family values. 
A nation is judged morally not by the number of billionaires it has but by how it treats its most vulnerable people. 
Bernie Sanders announces his Family Values Agenda: 
The “real” unemployment is  We need to put millions of unemployed workers back to work. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Must Read: Secretive donors gave US climate denial groups $125m over three years- @suzyji @HelenaBengtsson: 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families. 
My fear is that we will learn nothing from the war in Iraq. -Sen. Sanders on the @DRShow now: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is answering questions on the @DRShow. Listen live here: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on the air talking with @DRShow. Listen live:  
RT @drshow: It's @SenSanders day. What should we ask? 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
RT @drshow: Big news: @SenSanders is on Wednesday's first hour. Don't miss it:  
We Lock Up Tons of Innocent People-and Charge Them for the Privilege -@AJVicens, @MotherJones:  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
We cannot turn our backs on this national tragedy. 
NEWS: Youth Unemployment: A National Tragedy: 
Either elected officials respond to the needs and views of an involved electorate, or they don't remain elected. 
74% of Americans believe that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
68% of Americans favor raising taxes on the rich: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Bernie Sanders: Let's Spend $ Billion to Employ 1 Million Young People: 
We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of youth unemployment in America. 
We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of youth unemployment in America. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:10pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
NEWS: Sanders and Conyers Propose Youth Jobs Bill: 
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders discusses his youth jobs bill 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
Health care must be a right, not a privilege. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Coming up at 11am: Sen. Sanders will be at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
More than half of all American households with someone 55 or older have no retirement savings. 
Tomorrow at 11am Sen. Bernie Sanders will be at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
Fighting for American Workers: 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders to Gov. Bush: ‘No, We Will Not Cut Social Security!’:  
2002 Flashback Video: Bernie Sanders Opposes Iraq War: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking at  @JohnsHopkins. Watch live: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with Rachel @Maddow.
Coming up at 9pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with Rachel @Maddow.
That is not the kind of free society I want for our children.   
NEWS: Half of Older Households Have No Retirement Savings: 
All Americans are entitled to live health and decent lives. 
Sanders Speaks out on NSA Spying:   
RT @katiecouric: ICYMI: I spoke w/ @SenSanders yesterday about the USA Freedom Act: 
NEWS: Sanders Opposes Domestic Spying Bill:   
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @MitchellReports.
Coming up at 12:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports.
New Data Offer First Infuriating Glimpse At How The Richest  Percent Pay Income Taxes - @PykeA @thinkprogress: 
Do you know why millions of our people are stressed out? 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
We need a political revolution. 

Poverty among senior citizens is  
RT @YahooNews: .@SenSanders tells @katiecouric "We have far, far, far too many people in jail for non-violent crimes"
RT @YahooNews: Watch live: @katiecouric interviews presidential candidate @sensanders 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @YahooNews talking with @KatieCouric. Watch live: 
RT @YahooTopNews: Live at 3  ET: Bernie Sanders talks to Katie Couric  
Coming up at 3pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @YahooNews talking with @KatieCouric. Watch live: 
RT @katiecouric: LIVE at 3pm: I'm speaking with @SenSanders: What questions would you like me to ask? Tweet me using ! http://…
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Jane and I send our condolences to the Bidens during this difficult time. -B 
.@Pontifex: 
This morning Sen. Bernie Sanders will be on @NBC's @MeetthePress. Check local listings. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
 full promise of  
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Postal Service Decision to Back Off Plans to Close Plants This Year:  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @MeetthePress.  
The Week in Review: 
Sanders Fights Rising Drug Prices: 
This is a major step forward in rebuilding our relationship with Cuba.  
Here's How You Add  Million Jobs to the Economy - @PeterGosselin, @BGov: 
It is time for trade deals that create jobs in America, not in China. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It is  
 Bernie Sanders, then chairman of the CORE social action committee, speaks at a sit-in at @UChicago in 1962. 
That is not a moral society. It must change. 
Must Read: Can We Finally Treat Food Workers Fairly? - @Bittman, @NYTimes: 
Democracy vs. Oligarchy 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
Do we think it's moral? 
Democracy is not for sale. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
 in body, wounded in  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
.@CornelWest: 
Must Read: Pope’s Focus on Poor Revives Scorned Theology - @NYTimes: 
.@Pontifex: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Sanders Marks Memorial Day: 
Protecting our environment is not a radical idea. 
An Orwellian  
We must revolutionize our nation's higher education system. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Job-Killing Trade Bill: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
Protect Our Privacy: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the  floor. Watch live: 
 
Today virtually no piece of  
He was right. 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live:  or call in: 202-536-2370
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live:  or call in: 202-536-2370
Everyone in this country deserves a minimum standard of living. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders talks with @ChrisLHayes about the :   
Today's EXTRA news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Make College Tuition-Free:  
 In 1993, Sen. Sanders debated @SpeakerBoehner over single-payer health care:  
11 moments from Bernie Sanders's @Reddit_AMA - @mattyglesias, @voxdotcom:  
Senate Votes on Job-Killing Trade Bill:    
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Job-Killing Trade Bill:   
The TPP Must Be Defeated:  
We must make this stop. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Do you believe the federal government should do more to make college affordable for everyone? 
NEWS: After 5 Big Banks Plead Guilty to Crimes, Sanders Says Wall Street Business Model is Fraud: 
If people work 40 hours a week, they deserve not to live in dire poverty.   
NEWS: Sanders Applauds LA Vote to Raise Minimum Wage:   
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on  talking about his education bill to make tuition free at public colleges and universities.
Coming up at 5:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
VIDEO: Make College Tuition-Free: 
Make College Tuition-Free: 
It is time for a fundamental change in how we approach the financing of higher  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Bill Clinton promised hope for this Tennessee town. It’s still waiting. - @WashingtonPost: 
NEWS: Sanders: Make College Tuition-Free: 
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is announcing his bill to make 4-year public colleges/universities tuition … 
It's Official: The Class of 2015 Has the Most Student Loan Debt in History - @ZeeshanAleem, @MicNews:  
Coming up at 11:30amET Sen. Sanders will livestream a press conf via  where he'll announce his new education bill.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
At a time when the richest 85 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom 3  
Sanders Fights Rising Drug Prices: 
Must Read: Perils in Trade Deals When Factories Close and Towns Struggle: 
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings File Bill on Rising Rx Prices: 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
Maybe it's time to get our priorities right. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Sanders to Senate: No on TPP: 
.@RichardTrumka: 
NEWS: Sanders: No to Job-Killing Trade Bill:  
.@RBReich on the : 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders speaking on the  floor: 
The war in Iraq was one of the biggest foreign policy mistakes in modern history. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
This week Sen. Bernie Sanders held a discussion on the budget in Charlottesville, VA: 
Three Times More Americans Are Spending $100,000-Plus on Prescription Drugs - @maggiemfox, @NBCNewshealth:  
VA Should Acquire Life-Saving Hep-C Drug: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @BloombergTV.
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders spoke today on the Senate floor about why we must stop the : 
Coming up at 5pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @BloombergTV.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Trade Deal:  
Ripping off  customers on their phone bills must not be an acceptable business model.    
NEWS: ‘They Were Wrong Then. They’re Wrong Now,’ Sanders Says of Trade Deal Backers:  
We must rebuild American manufacturing and rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export is not our jobs. 
@Nike does not employ a single manufacturing worker who makes shoes in the United States.
.@Nike epitomizes why disastrous unfettered free trade policies during the past four decades have failed American workers.
100% of the shoes that are sold by @Nike are made overseas in low-wage countries.
The trade deficit with China has increased from $83 billion in 2001 to a record-breaking $342 billion in 2014. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on the Senate floor here: 
According to @EconomicPolicy, NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 US jobs.
.@McConnellPress talking about NAFTA in 1993: "American firms will not move to Mexico just for lower wages."
.@Heritage in 1993: “Virtually all economists agree that NAFTA will produce a net increase of  jobs over the next decade.”
Clinton on : 
Why are we in a race to the bottom with other low wage countries like China, Mexico, and India?
Why does it happen that new manufacturing jobs created in this country pay in some cases half what manufacturing jobs used to pay?
How did it happen that since 2001, we have lost in America, nearly 60,000 factories and millions of decent-paying jobs?
Why does it happen that most of the new jobs being created today in America are part-time, low wage jobs?
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on  Promotion Authority - LIVE on C-SPAN2   
Why is it that millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages while a handful of billionaires do unbelievably well?
Sen. Sanders is on the  floor opposing the Fast Track bill for the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
Coming up at 12:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
NEWS: Sanders Urges VA to Use Emergency Powers to Save Lives of Veterans with Liver Disease:  
Must Read: Banks brace for Bernie Sanders: 
Greed, Recklessness and Illegal Behavior: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is holding a discussion on  budget priorities.  
Stop the TPP:  
 best customer of American industry is the well-paid worker. - FDR 
Tonight at 6:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be holding a discussion on the budget in , VA. Watch live via .
RT @mitchellreports: .@SenSanders: 'We need new approaches to trade that creates jobs in America, not China.' - staff
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @MitchellReports about the .
Coming up at 12:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @MitchellReports about the .
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
We must end our disastrous trade   
Expand : 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Bruce @Springsteen: 
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
Stop the  
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @CBSNews' @FaceTheNation with @BobSchieffer. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Just Don't Do It:  
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Obama at Nike HQ: 
The Week in Review: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @EdShow.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1989 and 2015: 
This is what oligarchy looks like. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is answering calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
RT @Thom_Hartmann: Coming up at Noon ET! It's Brunch w/ @SenSanders! Get your questions ready!  202-536-3270  …
From noon - 1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It’s Time To End Orwellian Surveillance of Every American - Sen. Sanders, @TIME: 
Half of the American people have less than $10,000 in savings and have no idea how they will retire with dignity. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Passage of Iran Legislation: 
Just Don't Do It:    
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Court Ruling on NSA: 
Break Up Big Banks - Sen. Sanders, @HuffingtonPost: 
 Sen. Bernie Sanders on @CSpan in 1989: 
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner.  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @ChrisLHayes.
Coming up at 8:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @ChrisLHayes.
NEWS: Just Don’t Do It, Sanders Urges Obama on Nike Trip: 
Sanders Files Bill to Break Up Big Banks:  
NEWS: Sanders Files Bill to Break Up Big Banks: 
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders is introducing his bill to break up big banks. 
.@Pontifex: 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt, 1936: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Coming up at 8:30amET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
RT @SenateBudget: At budget town hall @SenSanders talking about how corporate profit soaring yet workers struggling @IBEW  http://…
LIVE: Sen. Sanders is holding a town hall meeting in Lanham, MD:  
Tomorrow morning at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @Hardball talking with @Hardball_Chris.
LIVE on  
Coming up at 7pmET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @Hardball talking with @Hardball_Chris.
NEWS: Senate Budget Throws 27 Million Off Health Insurance: 
RT @SenateBudget: Right now @SenSanders laying out all reasons why   budget is terrible for Americans 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking about the budget on the  floor. Watch live here: 
The Disastrous Republican Budget: 
Democracy is not for sale: 
Under the Republican budget, nearly half a million families would be kicked off of the Section 8 affordable housing program.
At a time when real unemployment is , the GOP budget cuts job training and employment services for more than 2 million Americans.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking about the budget on the  floor. Watch live here: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Join Sen. Sanders tomorrow for a discussion about the budget and our national priorities. Info here: 
The economic questions of our time: 
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country, not spend millions on negative 30-second ads. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will talk with @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live:  or call: 202-536-2370
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live:  or call: 202-536-2370
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live here at noon: 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1985.   
Coming up at 5pmET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
Sen. Sanders speaks out on  protests: 
 In 2010 Sen. Sanders spoke for nearly 9 hours against a budget that hurt working families and favored the rich: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference outside the Capitol. Watch live: 
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is speaking about his agenda for America. 
Coming up at noon: Sen. Sanders will be holding a press conference on his agenda for America. Watch live here via .
RT @benjamin_oc: FYI: @SenSanders 12p ET news conference will stream live here: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on the @BPShow. Watch live here: 
Coming up at 8:45amET Sen. Sanders will be on the air talking with @BPShow. Watch live here: 
 Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1987: 
Every candidate for president must answer the following questions: 
This is truly  
The PM news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
A strong grass roots  
The same old Republican  
Every candidate for president must answer the following questions: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Every candidate for president has got to answer one simple question: 
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is holding a town hall meeting at @HowardU.  
Do you think businesses should be allowed to refuse service to gays and lesbians? Weigh in here:  
Do you support or oppose allowing same-sex couples to get married? Weigh in here:  
Join Sen. Bernie Sanders tonight for a town hall meeting at @HowardU. More info here: 
NEWS: Sanders on Gay Marriage: ‘Time for Supreme Court to Catch Up to the American People’:  
Supreme Court Hears Gay Marriage Cases:  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Sanders to state governors: The Republican budget moves this country in exactly the wrong direction: 
NEWS: Sanders Warns Governors About Devastating Budget Cuts: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Our trade deficit with China has increased from $83 billion in 2001 to a record breaking $342 billion in 2014. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
Share this post and join the fight.   
America's railroads were once the envy of the world. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
RT @VermontPBS: LIVE: @SenSanders is taking your Q's. Watch on air or online:  

Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @EdShow.
Coming up at 5:15pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Loretta Lynch Confirmation:  
Sen. Bernie Sanders advises @Patriots Head Coach Bill Belichick on how New England can repeat as @SuperBowl champs. 
.@EconomicPolicy estimates that  has led to the loss of more than 680,000 US jobs.  
.@EconomicPolicy estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China led to the net loss of over  million American jobs. 
NEWS: Unfair Trade Deal Would Exploit Foreign Workers and Cost American Jobs, Sanders Says:  
Every candidate running for president has got to answer the following very simple question: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking against the  on the  floor. Watch live: 
RT @SenateBudget: "Why in God's name would we go forward with another bad trade deal," says @SenSanders on Senate floor, re broken promises…
Almost every week Sen. Sanders takes 1 hour to answer calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch here: 
Must Read: Big Tobacco puts countries on trial as concerns over TTIP deals mount - @ArmitageJim, @Independent: 
Want to talk to Sen. Sanders? Call him up on the @Thom_Hartmann program now: 202-536-3270 Watch live: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
RT @SSWorks: .@SenSanders makes the case for expanding  and increasing benefits:    …
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @77WABCradio talking with @JrzyJoePiscopo. Watch live here:   
Coming up at 7:25amET: Sen. Sanders will be on @77WABCradio talking with @JrzyJoePiscopo. Watch live:   
LIVE: Sen. Sanders is holding a town hall meeting. Watch live here:  
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is holding a town hall meeting on the  budget priorities.  
Stay tuned. Tonight at 6:30pmET Sen. Sanders will live stream a town hall meeting via .
RT @350: The last thing the earth need on Earth Day is a trade deal like TPP that would make pollution more profitable: …
Tonight at 6:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be holding a town hall meeting in . More info here: 
RT @_under_current: New video - @SenSanders: Special Interests Have Written All Our Trade Deals    
Must Read: I am a cook in the US Senate but I still need food stamps to feed my children- Betrand Olotara, @Guardian: 
Republicans Want to Take America in the Wrong Direction: 
I want to applaud those workers rallying to  to $15 per hour today.  
We need the best educated workforce in the world. 
Federal Workers Rallying for Better Pay:   
NEWS: Sanders: Slow Down Fast Track:   
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the  floor about his opposition to the :  
NEWS: Sanders Introduces the End Polluter Welfare Act:  
RT @GoodJobsNation: : @SenSanders announces he will  &amp; Union Executive Order! 
RT @USProgressives: CPC member @SenSanders stands with workers asking for  
RT @TheActionNet: .@SenSanders stands with @GoodJobsNation: "Every worker needs a wage that allows them to raise a family"  http…
RT @bridgetbhc: Sen. Bernie Sanders joins federal contract workers striking in front of the Capitol 
RT @ProgCongress: "If your work 40 hrs/wk you should be able to support your family"  @SenSanders 
Are any of the Republican candidates willing to take on the Koch brothers? 
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is rallying outside the @USCapitol with low-wage works who have walked off … 
We must act NOW.  
RT @SenateBudget: Massive crowd forming to attend unprecedented rally w @SenSanders to protest low wages paid to federal workers …
NEWS: White House GOP Hopefuls Should Renounce Senate Budget’s Tax Breaks for Rich: 
Give Loretta Lynch a Vote: 
Another Disastrous Trade Agreement - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @USNews:   
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @TheRevAl.
Coming up at 6pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @TheRevAl.
Take the Poll on the Trans-Pacific Partnership:   
RT @SenateBudget: The  budget from @Senate_GOPs @HouseGOP is "exactly the wrong direction" says @SenSanders …
RT @vanessasadsad: "The very least we can say is that no one goes hungry" - Sen. Bernie Sanders    http://t…
RT if you think the  should be stopped.  
Sanders, Labor Leaders Protest Job-Killing Trade Deal:    
RT @SenateBudget: Right now @SenSanders is rallying with labor leaders but at 3 pm he'll be leading challenge at budget conference http://t…
RT @northwestbronx: That's right! @SenSanders is a friend of the NW Bronx!    
RT @scaKS: "TPP will be a disaster for America" @SenSanders @NPAction   
I agree with President Carter—Hillary's the only candidate who can move us forward. 
America spends more per capita on health care than any country, yet we don't provide the quality or affordability of care that people need.
It is time to stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating its people as the  citizens they are. 
RT @johnpodesta: Hillary will deliver on Paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, build renewable energy to power every home in America. https:…
Tonight, Mike Pence is going to prove he's got Trump's back no matter what.

Follow @TheBriefing2016 to hold him ac… 
We've always had destructive hurricanes, but Hurricane Matthew was likely more destructive because of climate change.
Our next president will either step up our efforts to address climate change or drag us backward and put our whole future at risk.
RT @algore: Our planet can't afford denial on climate or opposition to solutions. @HillaryClinton will work hard to solve the pressing issu…
“Climate change is real, it’s urgent, and America can take the lead in the world in addressing it.” —Hillary in Miami
Hillary and @AlGore are live from Miami speaking about why we have to act on climate change. Watch live: 
"I don't regret anything." —Donald Trump, August 2, 2016

If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state. 
We need automatic voter registration, so that students and working people can make their voices heard. 
"I love this country.
I’m proud of this country.
I want to be a leader who brings people together."
—Hillary 
We don’t want to turn against each other.
We want to work with one another.
We want to set big goals in this country.

"Women are seen through a different lens." —Hillary to @HumansofNY 
While millions of Americans cannot afford the medication they need, last year the 5 major drug corporations made $50 billion in profit.
RT @RealTimers: TONIGHT @ 10: Sen. @BernieSanders @AnnCoulter @RTraister  and former Sen.  join @BillMaher LIVE on…
California's Proposition 61 is a real blow against the greedy pharmaceutical industry that will reverberate all over America.
It's incomprehensible that our laws would protect gun makers over Sandy Hook families. We need to fix this. 
"They have to go."

Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants. 
Our veterans deserve our thanks. You deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds. 
RT @Hillary_esp: Todos merecen una oportunidad para una educación superior asequible. Lee la columna de @TimKaine: 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Monsanto-Bayer Deal 
Proud to support @richtaylorIA for re-election to the Iowa State Senate. He's a principled, courageous leader in Io… 
Real change happens when Americans come together to work toward a common goal—we'll make it easier to do that. 
L'Shana Tovah to everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah! May the coming year be filled with sweetness and joy. -H
America needs leadership in the White House, not a liability.  
While we’re dealing today with economics and finances, ultimately we’re dealing with a moral issue of what kind of nation we want to become.
Last year, the 5 largest drug companies made $50 billion in profit. Meanwhile, 1 in 5 Americans can't afford to fill their prescriptions.
Donald Trump has a “brilliant” idea. Throw 20 million Americans off health insurance. How many of those people do you think will die?
.@Time: Why Mike Pence Didn’t Defend Donald Trump  
10 times Pence shrugged off or straight-up lied about what Trump has said and done at the : 
When someone needs help, Hillary's first thought is to offer it—that’s who she is. Now it's our turn to help her.… 
RT @HillaryClinton: "If you vote for someone other than Hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent." —@…
In the United States, a prescription drug shot up in price from $18 a pill to $750 a pill, literally overnight.

RT @thehill: Bernie Sanders has one question about the scandal at Wells Fargo:  
I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president. 
Any of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president. 
“We have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.” —Hillary 
RT @DFAaction: Republicans in North Carolina are taking steps to suppress the votes of the state's African-American voters. …
Every single American deserves full equality under our laws—no matter who you are or who you love.… 
We need more love and kindness in politics, and nobody knows that better than Hillary. 
At a time when high school graduation rates are at all time highs, the next logical step is to make public colleges tuition free.
If we are serious about getting big money out of politics and restoring our democracy, we must move toward public funding of campaigns.
In order to be a global leader in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, the United States must implement a carbon tax 
"Hillary has always been a champion for children and their futures." —@KingJames 
Members of Congress can no longer allow the drug companies to charge our people the highest prices in the world. We have to make a stand.
This , let's take a stand for LGBT youth and send a clear message to all our kids: In the end, bullies al… 
When Donald Trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him. 
"Hillary Clinton has the potential to be an excellent president of the United States." —@WashingtonPost 
We have so many challenges and we can't solve any of them unless we come together. 
This choice is pretty straightforward.  
Lots of hate is being generated against Muslims in America. If we stand for anything, we must stand together to fight discrimination.
Here are some things we’ve both done over the last 30 years:  
This is a major victory but we must remain vigilant in the fight to protect our land, water and people.  
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About  
Women and children fleeing violence in Central America need our help. Private prisons cannot be allowed to profit off their desperation.
Keeping human beings in jail for long periods of time must no longer be an acceptable business model in America.
It is a disgrace that private companies are making billions of dollars by detaining vulnerable women and children: 
RT @NewRepublic: We need to declare war on global warning—literally. @billmckibben explains:  
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia. 
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Join us this Friday  in Montpelier at 5pm.  Rally with @BernieSanders RSVP here: …
RT @Latina: .@Latina officially endorses @HillaryClinton. The only thing that needs to be deported is a Donald Trump presidency: https://t.…
If for no other reason that the future of this planet, which is a pretty big reason, you should be voting for Hillary Clinton.
RT @nowthisnews: ‘It’s not my political revolution. It’s your political revolution.’ – @BernieSanders  …
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump is so divisive and offensive, you almost forget his policies are terrible too. 
In 1994, Ryan Moore made an impression on First Lady Hillary Clinton—and she him: "She has helped make me into the… 
RT @ErikaAndiola: Today is the big day for @OurRevolution! Tune in at 9pm EST/6pm PST to see @BernieSanders live:  #…
.@realdonaldtrump tiene un gran problema con los católicos y él se lo ha ganado 
FACT: The @ClintonFdn helps  million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication. 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." —@JoeBiden on @realDonaldTrump

RT @cafemom: Meet Anne Holton -- one half of the Holton/@TimKaine power couple and  only to @HillaryClinton: …
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids. 
In America, our shared values make us stronger. We can't let Trump tear down everything we stand for. 
We must close the loophole that lets American corporations like Apple avoid  taxes on profits they stash abroad. 
RT @OurRevolution: We're launching Our Revolution tonight with 2600 events across the country! Find one near you and RSVP right now: https:…
RT @StarTribune: Livestream: Bernie Sanders campaigns for Clinton in Minnesota at 3   
"Tim is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —@POTUS on @TimKaine 
RT @elizabethforma: Think about it: @realDonaldTrump calls Latinos rapists, African Americans thugs, &amp; women fat pigs, &amp; Kelly Ayotte think…
Tonight, Mike Pence will either have to leave Trump out to dry—or try to justify the things they both believe.… 
Next time you hear a politician talk about family values, ask them where they stand on paid family leave.
There is nothing more American than being willing to risk everything in order to live the American dream (2/2)
My great grandparents were mostly immigrants. Their 1st language wasn't English but dreams they had for children were purely American (1/2)
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens: 
Newspapers across the country are almost exclusively endorsing Hillary over Trump. 
It's going to take all of us working together to win in November. Find out how you can help today: 
If you've ever enjoyed a paid vacation, a sick day, or a pension, unions are the people to thank.
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: While the Clinton Foundation receives high marks, Trump's is fined for a pay-to-play scheme  ht…
Hillary and I measure our success in lives changed for the better. Here's our vision:  
RT @MalalaFund: "We cannot succeed when half of us are held back. Education is the only solution."—Malala  
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." 
What does Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf get for overseeing a massive fraud of the American people? $134 million. 
“In difficult times, we don’t discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them.” —@FLOTUS
"On November 8, we can show our children that we reject hatred and fear.” —@FLOTUS:  
"If we have a president  about sexually assaulting women, then how can we maintain our moral authority in the world?" —@FLOTUS
"Remember, when they go low, we go high.” —@FLOTUS: 
"We as women have all the power we need to determine the outcome of this election.” —@FLOTUS 
"No one could be more qualified for this job than Hillary, no one.” —@FLOTUS
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say, enough is enough.” —@FLOTUS on Trump 
RT @ladygaga: .@FLOTUS watching you speak on @CNN in New Hampshire in tears. You are a true role model and leader.
“Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life.” —@FLOTUS
“Strong men, men who are truly role models, don’t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful.” —@FLOTUS
RT @JoyAnnReid: Michelle Obama is speaking so much truth right now, and so eloquently. This is not normal. It's not politics. It's indecent…
"The men in my life do not talk about women like this, and I know that my family is not unusual.” —@FLOTUS
“To dismiss this as everyday ‘locker room talk’ is an insult to decent men everywhere.” —@FLOTUS
"This was not just 'locker room banter.' This was a powerful individual speaking freely &amp; openly about predatory behavior” —@FLOTUS on Trump
“I can’t believe I’m saying a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women.” —@FLOTUS
“The measure of any society is how it treats its women and girls.” —@FLOTUS 
Donald Trump wants to compare his last 30 years with Hillary's. Let's do that. 
It is absurd that Republicans would rather shut down the government than ensure families in Flint have clean drinking water.
"If the billionaires on Wall Street can get billions for the mess they made and get bailed out, we don't need band-… 
"I'm just scared people are going to forget about us and forget about these children." 
"I lost twins in July of 2015 due to being poisoned." 
"It's heartbreaking to see some of my best friends go through this water crisis and not be able to shower or just d… 
Republicans are refusing to help people in Flint get clean drinking water. I visited Flint last winter. What I heard was devastating.
.@SueMinterVT understands that the key for Vermont's economic future is opening up higher education to all Vermonters, regardless of income.
One adviser called Hillary's efforts to get kids health insurance a "one-woman army inside the White House." 
"Men and women.
Young and old.
Gay and straight.
Native-born and immigrant.

That's who the hell we are."… 
We cannot elect a man to be president who objectifies women, who brags about assaulting women.
If this man's resume landed on your desk, would you hire him for anything? 
Spoiler alert: He was actually wrong.  
Join Bernie and Sen. Elizabeth Warren in Denver at 6 PM today: 
It took Donald Trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation. 
Make your pledge to vote today—go to  to get started. 
Polls show @realDonaldTrump down &gt;20% among Catholics. @jimrosapepe &amp; I explain why:  Polls: 
Young people are our future. It doesn't do us any good to discourage them from attending college with massive tuition costs.
"She doesn't always talk about what drives her. But I've had a chance to see her." —@POTUS 
Pay equity is not a partisan issue, but instead an issue of basic fairness. In America, there should be equal pay for equal work.
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with. 
“She’s just out there every day doing God’s work in her own way. You know? Making her parents proud.” —Betsy, Hilla… 
RT @Fahrenthold: NEW: @realdonaldtrump's Fdn, totally reliant on other people's $, lacks state certification to raise $ from others. https:…
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too. 
Hillary traveled to 112 countries and negotiated a peace deal and a cease fire. I'd say she's prepared to lead. 
COMING UP: Sen. Bernie Sanders joins @chucktodd at 5pmEST on @MSNBC’s @MeetThePress. 
RT @MeetThePress: TODAY at 5pET → @chucktodd talks to @BernieSanders, GOP strategist Steve Schmidt and @ChrisKofinis on @MSNBC!  …
Donald Trump lied to the American people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.) 
Live your moral values, but the last thing government should do is punish women for their reproductive choices. 
Great move by Chobani. Every parent deserves access to paid family leave. 
When we work together, we will trump hate. 
RT @HFA: Go to  and register to vote today. Register your friends. Register everyone you know.
We have to stand up to this hate.

We have to send a clear message: 
America is better than this.
America is better than Donald Trump.
We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
In a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. 
RT @HFA: No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up. 
RT @HFA: "No one will work harder to make your life better. I’ll never stop, no matter how tough it gets." —Hillary 
When Americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. We refuse to quit—no matter what. 

That’s the spirit we need in this election.
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.

"We are Black, we are proud, and here’s why we are working to elect Hillary." @HFA staffers on why they're with her… 
Greetings from future leaders of America at @Georgetown Institute of Politics! @GUPolitics 
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first  woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics. 
" Donald Trump in the most effective series of debate performances in modern political history." 
RT @HillaryClinton: Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
RT @nytopinion: During the debate, Mike Pence simply ignored the Donald Trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year. …
Millions of Americans work hard and pay their taxes. So why doesn't Donald Trump pay his? 
Tune in tomorrow: will be joining @DanaBashCNN on @CNNSOTU in the 9 AM hour. We'll be discussing the latest in 2016. 
We must do everything we can to make certain that Hillary Clinton is the next president. Register to vote: 
RT @PostOpinions: POST EDITORIAL- Donald Trump, Putin’s puppet 
The choice on climate change:
Hillary has a plan to turn America into a clean energy superpower.
Trump calls it a "… 
"Don't fall for the easy cynicism that says your vote doesn't  vote matters." —@POTUS… 
If Trump's decisiveness in choosing Mike Pence as his running mate is any indication, he'll be great at making hard… 
Donald Trump's ties to Russia may conflict with America's interests—but they're great for his bottom line. 
RT @barb_kinney: Hear about my career and why @HillaryClinton means so much to me on @TheRivetersPod 
If Wall Street banks do not end their fraud and their greed, it is up to us to end it for them. 
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." —@WashingtonPost on the reporting on Hillary's emails 
Hillary and I have released a lot of health information—it's time for Donald to do the same. 
Instead of listening to CEOs who have rigged our trade deals to benefit those on top, it is time to start listening to working families.
RT @timkaine: We've got 51 days left to win this thing. Make sure you're ready:  
Hillary &amp; I will introduce comprehensive immigration reform in our first 100 days in office.  
"When we mistreat nature, we also mistreat human beings." -Pope Francis
"That’s a special thing about Hillary—when there’s a job worth doing, she doesn’t abandon it." —President Carter 
It's been 96 years since the adoption of the 19th Amendment, but our fight for equality continues. 
The American people have sent a clear message that they're tired of big corporations sending American jobs overseas.

RT @HillaryforMN: These mini donuts are incredible. —M  
RT @MinnesotaDFL: Thanks @MartinOMalley for stopping by the  booth with Chairman @kenmartin73 at the ! …
Everybody does better when there are opportunities and ladders to success. Here's how Hillary will make that happen: 
Today we have cities across America who have made their minimum wage $15 an hour. I’m going to do my best to make that nationally.
Fast food CEOs make 1,203 times more than their average worker, but they refuse to pay their workers a living wage. 
RT @mpshapiro: .@HillaryClinton hits the Trump Loophole - his backdoor tax break for billionaires like himself. Read about it here: https:/…
Despite the efforts of many Republicans to suppress the vote, we must make it easier for people to participate in the political process.
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet Aleatha: 
We can take on the threat of climate change and make America a clean energy superpower.

Or, we can do nothing. 
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what @TimKaine has to say: 
A yes vote on Proposition 61 will send a strong message to Big Pharma and Washington. 
Friends in Iowa &amp; Omaha: I'm coming to an event near you to campaign for @HillaryClinton and Democrats tomorrow! 
RT @repjohnlewis: Today is  - I was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious so that every person could register and…
Last night, Hillary proved that she's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. Donald proved he can't tell the truth. No contest: 
RT @repjohnlewis: Today is  - I was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious so that every person could register and…
RT @jasoncollins98: More than 70 million Americans aren't registered to vote. We have to do better! Get registered &amp; spread the word: https…
When you have a really, really good night.  
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged!” —@JoeBiden  
Congrats Cathy, and happy homecoming Howard! 
RT @IGNITE_National: Tell a girl to run - for office!  at  
Today marks 241 years of service and sacrifice from the @USNavy. To all sailors serving, past and present, and their families—thank you.
We stand with our Native American brothers and sisters in their fight to protect their sovereign rights.  
"I can't promise we'll win every fight on our first try. 'll never stop fighting for you.” —Hillary 
When @HillaryClinton says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? That's a very big deal.
Let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this November, but always. 
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you:  
Mylan's greed is apparently limitless. They didn't just raise the price of EpiPens 500%, they also dodge  taxes. 
Thanks @GUPolitics for the warm welcome! Excited to join everyone in the @Georgetown family. Hoya Saxa 
MN friends: I'm coming this Friday to campaign for @HillaryClinton and Democrats. Hope to see you there! 
In America, we should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political pro… 
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasn’t insulted. 
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004, @Helen_Maroulis dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true. 
Ten years ago, we thought marriage equality would be impossible by now. But then millions of people stood up to demand change.
At $300 generic EpiPens will still cost 3 times more than they did in 2007. This isn't a discount. It's a PR move. 
The obscene greed of Wall Street and corporate America is slowly destroying the fabric of this nation. We must stop them.
Charity Watch called the @ClintonFdn "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation." 
RT @emilyslist: Back when she was New York's senator, @HillaryClinton fought political attacks on access to emergency contraception: https:…
Two maps that show why no one can afford to stay home on Election Day. 
The reason that Trump's campaign is particularly dangerous and un-American is that he's named the cornerstone of his campaign bigotry
RT @Hillary_esp: "Orgulloso de celebrar el Mes de la Herencia Hispana honrando una comunidad que valora tanto la fe, la familia y el trabaj…
There will be no end to the impact corporate interests can have on our campaigns and our democracy if we do not overturn Citizens United.
This country and this planet cannot afford to elect people who continue to believe that climate change is a hoax. 
Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a "disgrace."
A Muslim family: he lashes out.
A black pastor: 
We need more jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. 
60% of moms stop breastfeeding before they want to. We must pass paid family leave so moms aren’t forced to change how they feed their kids.
RT @igorvolsky: I bet Trump himself would fail his new immigration screening test of American values.  …
Who should benefit from our trade policies?
20. It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?
19. In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?
18. We'll let @kurteichenwald ask this one: 
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?
15. To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?
13. How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego? 
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?
11. With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the  above your profits?
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?
9. Have you or your campaign discussed  relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald? 
RT @CNNPolitics: Kaine questions Trump's willingness to stand up to a Russian cyberattack  via @betsy_klein https://…
Why we must end the existence of for-profit prisons entirely: 
RT @Tim_Canova: .@TheJusticeDept ending use of private prisons is a bold move to correcting policies that disproportionately affect minorit…
Our trade deals have been written by corporate CEOs to benefit corporate CEOs—at the expense of regular citizens. 
RT @JenniferJJacobs: People are making less real wages than 18 years ago, Trump says in Ohio. "Me, I’m working harder also so I don’t feel…
Proud to have you on this team, @StephenCurry30.  
RT @oneVoxdotcom: Study: Donald Trump would raise taxes on millions of middle-class families  
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer.  
One of the goals should be demanding pay equity for women workers, and I hope men everywhere will fight for that, too. 
But the struggle is far from over. We must always build upon our progress, and continue the fight for women’s rights. 
That milestone is what political revolutions are all about. Millions of people standing up and fighting for a fair shake. 
96 years ago today, women fought for the right to vote, and they won. 
So what has the @ClintonFdn been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.

Proud to be on the ticket with an “experienced, thoughtful and deeply knowledgeable public servant." 
RT @tedcruz: I’ve released 9 years of tax returns. RT if you agree it’s time for Donald Trump to release his! 
We only have one Earth. If we're going to leave our children a planet that's habitable we must move away from fossil fuels.
The government must start listening to Native American voices, and stop treating them as third class citizens.
Great step forward for equity &amp; environment. Must consider Native American voices &amp; respect sovereign rights  
We can’t let Trump’s “manifest unfitness for office” become normal. We need to hold him accountable. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: Big banks are a big gamble. No more bailouts – time to break up the big banks and protect hardworking taxpayers.
Hillary's small business plan:
✓ cut paperwork
✓ improve funding access
✓ save businesses $
 
RT @brianefallon: Trump's unpresidential trifecta tonight:
1. Attack our generals
2. Praise Putin
3. Blame women in combat for sexual assau…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump tried to prove he'd be fit to serve as  comparing @POTUS unfavorably to Putin.  https…
RT @morningmoneyben: I really can't believe I just saw a Republican nominee for president heap praise on a thuggish Russian leader while de…
Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.

You can stop him. Register to vote today: 
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years. 
The idea that we are laying off teachers is completely absurd.
By expanding worker-owned businesses we can create stronger companies throughout the country and improve working conditions for employees.
We need to expand economic models that help the middle class. I strongly believe that employee ownership is one of those models.
1979. 
How many people at Wells Fargo are going to go to jail? Zero. But if you smoke marijuana in this country, you get a criminal record.
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health. 
RT @NBCOUT: Tim Kaine invites lesbian couple to attend tonight's    q
If the Walton family of Walmart can receive billions in taxpayer subsidies, maybe it's OK for working people to get… 
RT @russfeingold: Join Russ and @BernieSanders for an exciting event in Madison TOMORROW! 

RSVP here:  …
RT @NYDailyNews: "I still have nightmares. And they are very real" — A soldier who struggled with PTSD educates @realDonaldTrump https://t.…
White people need to empathize and understand what it’s like for black parents to worry about their kids' safety. 
Why do Americans continue to pay the highest prices for prescription drugs when last year just 5 drug companies made $50 billion in profit?
The TPP is not only a threat to our workers and the environment—it also threatens our democracy and rule of law.  
Just a sample of the hateful, incoherent, and divisive things Donald Trump and Mike Pence have said: 
It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is everyone has an impact on everyone else.
Housing discrimination cuts right to the heart of who we are as a society. We need to do all we can to fight it: 
If Congress respected our planet as much as it respects banks, it would not be hard to come up with funds to transform our energy system.
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes. 
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals." 
Why is it that kids are jailed for possessing marijuana but nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions?
Trump talks a lot about our trade policies and outsourcing American jobs but his own clothing line is made in Bangladesh, Mexico and China.
RT @TheBriefing2016: If you pay your taxes, what does this mean Donald Trump thinks of you? 
"Progress is on the ballot.
Civility is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.”
—@POTUS

Go vote: 
"Donald Trump doesn’t have anything to offer but anger, and grievance, and blame.” —@POTUS
"Don’t fall for the easy cynicism that your vote doesn’t matter…that’s what Hillary's opponent wants you to think.” —@POTUS
"When you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's minds about the legitimacy of our elections—then that undermines our democracy." —@POTUS
"Go to  ’s only one way we lose this election, just one: if we don’t turn out to vote.” —@POTUS
"You're OK with your nominee having a bromance with Putin?" —@POTUS to the GOP
“A dangerous con artist who has spent a career sticking it to working people.” —@POTUS quoting Marco Rubio on Trump
"She's got the temperament, the knowledge, the steady hand to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Don't boo, vote! Booing doesn't do any good. Vote, and get your friends to vote.” —@POTUS 
"She gets the job done, and she never, ever, ever quits. And that's why I know she can be a great president.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"Even in the middle of crisis, she is calm and cool and collected.” —@POTUS on Hillary
Proud of you, @Simone_Biles. We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma. 
RT @HillaryforMN: You bet I'll be back to the . —M 
RT @HillaryforMN: Couldn't have said it better. —M  
RT @MinnesotaDFL: Tune in to @wccoradio now to hear @MartinOMalley talk about @Terri_Bonoff @AngieCraigMN and @HillaryClinton …
RT @POTUS: Nearly 100 years ago, women broke down barriers to the ballot box, moving us closer to a more equal nation. Let's finish what th…
Enter now for your once-in-a-lifetime chance to fly for free with Hillary on the official campaign plane: 
The TPP would force American workers to compete with people in Vietnam who are paid 65 cents an hour. That is not "free trade."
Two-thirds of Americans want to eliminate the offshore tax haven loophole. It's time for Congress to stand with them, not big corporations.
RT @nytimes: Hillary Clinton: My plan for helping America's poor  via @nytopinion 
18,000 strong turned out in Columbus last night. Make sure you and your friends register and turn out to vote:… 
We may have made a lot of progress, but when it comes to racial justice we still have a long, long way to go.
Have a beer with @TimKaine in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here: 
RT @nytimes: Frank Bruni: Mike Pence’s galling amnesia
 via @NYTOpinion
When Trump and Pence attack Planned Parenthood, they're attacking millions of Americans. 
There's a lot more we need to do to expand opportunity for people with disabilities. 
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl."  —Roxie, co-owner of @MercersDairy, on Hillary 
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office.
 
Now? "It's none of your business."

Whether you’re a first-time voter or you've been doing it for years, a few things you need to know: 
This is the wealthiest country in the world, yet children have been poisoned by lead in the water because of crumbling infrastructure.
RT @BernieSanders: When your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. There's only one candidate who will make col…
A Donald Trump presidency would be an absolute disaster for the working people of this country. Register to vote: 
RT @SueMinterVT: We need a governor who is going to take a hard look at the issues we are facing. Please join me in supporting Sue Minter.…
"My son was Captain Humayun Khan. He was 27 years old. And he was a Muslim American." 
We cannot tolerate, whether it’s Deutsche Bank, Wells Fargo or Bank of America, the kind of fraudulent activity that we've seen for so long.
RT @TheDemocrats: RT this — Don't let Donald Trump get away with saying he was against the Iraq War.   
RT @BuzzFeed: In 2002, Donald Trump said he supported invading Iraq  
Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise. 

Follow @TheBriefing2016 to see why.
Not every wound can be seen. Our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Unlike her opponent, Hillary's plan to defeat ISIS is not a secret.  
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental. 
"I will not let the VA be privatized." —Hillary  
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families.  
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions. 
Something is very wrong when teachers are paid $300 less per week than other college graduates. We have to get our priorities right.
Anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief.
No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS.
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump’s tax plan mostly  Trump. And people like him at the top. 
“Two words give us hope: Madam President." —@VogueMagazine  
In the year 2016, we can no longer tolerate sexism. Trump really doesn’t get it.
It's pretty telling that Donald Trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent. 
Meet Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy. 
RT @Hillary_esp: "Como presidenta, solo Hillary Clinton protegerá a los DREAMERS y familias como las nuestras" —@Astrid_NV. …
Qumber's parents came to this country for the American Dream. Trump is a threat to all they've achieved: 
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.” —Barack Obama:  
Watch Hillary's full remarks at the . 
7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud): 
Donald Trump doesn't see people like Anastasia—he only sees disability. 
It's been 53 years since the Klan bombed this church and killed 4 little girls. Today, it's a symbol of resilience. 
RT @shoemakermike: Stay up late for some intelligent political conversation with Seth and Bernie Sanders. 
RT @Hillary_esp: “Además de defender a DAPA y DACA, debemos hacer mucho más”—Hillary.

Balancing the budget on the backs of the elderly, the sick and the poor must be opposed because it is not only immoral, but bad economics.
Earthquakes like those in Oklahoma are just one of fracking's effects we must fight to keep out of N. Dakota  
The kids I meet on the trail keep me going with their optimism, hopes, and dreams. We could all learn a thing or tw… 
Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
RT @TheBriefing2016: The connections between Trump and Russia are  they're cause for concern. 
Diplomacy, coalition-building, working with other nations: @HillaryClinton knows what makes successful foreign policy. 
Donald, I just Googled it! No more lies. 
It’s a fact: The Justice Department sued Donald Trump for housing discrimination. 
Trump wants more tax breaks for billionaires, won't raise the min. wage &amp; denies climate change. This isn't someone who should be president.
Millions of young people are leaving school deeply in debt, impacting their future. Does Trump have anything to say about that? 
NBC has documented at least 117 times Trump has switched positions on immigration to guns to abortion since he announced he was running.
The difficulty of discussions with Donald Trump is that he lies all the time. That's not my view. That's the view of media that covers him.
Speaking of generals, four-star General Colin Powell referred to Trump as “a national disgrace” and an “international pariah.” 
Our next President will have control of approximately 7,300 nuclear weapons. Let's make sure that's not @realDonaldTrump. 
Remember: ISIS uses @realDonaldTrump in their recruitment videos for a reason 
The woman Trump called “Miss Piggy” has a name: Alicia.  
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." —Hillary 
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.”  
.@realDonaldTrump: Barack Obama is your president too. 
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes. 
This should go without saying: Taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be President of th… 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump says he has better temperament than Hillary Clinton.

Fact check: He is Donald Trump. 


"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.” 
RT @TheBriefing2016: This  still not true!  
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia?  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump's top Russia advisor is being probed for meeting with the Kremlin aide in charge of US election intelligence.  h…
Our greatest monument on this earth won't be what we build, but the lives we touch. 
1 of 5 Americans age 19-64 cannot afford their prescriptions. Meanwhile, the 5 largest drug companies made $50 billion in profits last year.
29 American CEOs receive higher salaries than what their companies pay in federal income tax. If you ask me, that number should be zero.
RT @VTdems: Don't forget - @BernieSanders &amp; @SueMinterVT will be in Montpelier TONIGHT! Doors open @5 Details here --&gt; …
No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. Look at EpiPens. Mylan jacked up the price 461%.
Captain Humayun Khan died serving his country—and saving his entire unit.

Trump seems to think someone like him do… 
"I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here."

Catch up on Hillary's best lines at the : 
Where was this kind of comedy last night? 
Trump called Latinos "bad hombres" on Wednesday. It's not even the most insulting thing he said about the community. 
RT @PhillyInquirer: EDITORIAL | @HillaryClinton is easily the best candidate for president  
Khizr Khan, father of a fallen Muslim American hero: "I want to ask Mr. Trump: Would my son have a place in your Am… 
Under Trump's plan, we'd lose nearly  million jobs in his first term. We can't afford a “you’re fired” president. 
Our goal must be to develop a new relationship with the Native American people.  
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Census Bureau Report 
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
Our spending on incarceration is rising faster than our spending on education. That’s an egregious trend and must be changed.
I wanted to be first at my polling place, but 99-year-old Minerva Turpin beat me to it. Looks like I need to get us… 
It's Election Day, and polls are open! Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary:  
Tonight, my heart is full. I can’t wait for the next chapter. Let's win this thing and make some history:… 
RT @Hillary_esp: "Creo que el poder del voto latino en esta nación, en una manera bien histórica, va a hacer la diferencia"—@TimKaine https…
Fueling up for the last day on the trail!  
Tomorrow's the big day! What's your plan to vote? Go to  to confirm where you'll vote for Hillary.
Strong women have always been the hearts of our communities. It's time we put one in charge of our country.… 
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote.
In a democracy the drug companies and the billionaire class should not be able to buy elections.
Enough with cowardly politicians protecting themselves by suppressing the vote. It’s time to ensure that voting remains a right for all.
RT @lucia_graves: All across America, people seem to agree on the awesomeness of Burlingtonians. Here's what we can learn from them https:/…
 Hillary Clinton will nominate justices who will overturn Citizens United and take back our democracy from billionaires.
 we need a president who will bring our nation together, not someone who will divide us by race or religion.
 it's time to tell Donald Trump, the billionaire class and huge corporations that they are going to pay their fair share.
 the future of the planet is at stake. Hillary Clinton will combat climate change. Donald Trump thinks it's a hoax.
 we cannot allow Donald Trump, who has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign, to divide us up.
RT @ZephyrTeachout: There are real differences between me and my opponent. If you're voting in , please share them: …
The American people are tired of not being able to afford the medicine they need while the drug industry makes huge profits. 
RT @VNewsUV: Editorial: @SueMinterVT for Governor:   
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders has an important message for young progressives who still aren't sure who to vote for …
"The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make  manufacturing non-competiti… 
We’re going to demand that  Donald Trump and his billionaire friends, corporate America and Wall Street start paying their fair share.
The American people are sick and tired of paying the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.  
RT @HillaryClinton: "Tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —Hillary  
Diversity makes us strong and we should be proud of that. @HillaryClinton understands that. Donald Trump clearly does not.
RT @SueMinterVT: On the climate change, education &amp; standing up for middle class families, @BernieSanders explains why we need @SueMinterVT…
Young people can change the world by exercising their democratic rights: vote and stand up for social, economic and environmental justice.
Spent Election Day eve campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforME @emilyanncain all across Maine… 
The kind people of Raymond, Maine baked a cake for me today! 🍰👏 
Burner phones + Volunteers on call time = Ground game victory. @HillaryforME is looking strong!  
Friends in Maine: I'm in your state today campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforME. Hope to see you at an event 
RT @timkaine: I wanted to be first at my polling place, but 99-year-old Minerva Turpin beat me to it. Looks like I need to get used to bein…
Let’s go make some history today.  
RT @TheDemocrats: Let us bend the arc of history toward justice once more. 
RT @johnlegend: Donald Trump is unfit for the office of president. Fortunately, there's an exceptionally qualified candidate @HillaryClinto…
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: 
Don't stand still. Vote today:    
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here:… 
There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. Today, you can make the difference.

RT this—and go vote!… 
In America, we build bridges, not walls.
Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate.
 
"If you believe we should never write discrimination into our ’ve got to vote!” —Hillary 
"If you believe in science and that we have to act on climate change, then you have to vote!" —Hillary 
"It’s not just my name or Donald Trump’s name on the ballot—it’s the kind of country we want.” —Hillary 
“You can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted vision for America.” —Hillary  
“I believe that she will win!
I believe that she will win!” 
"I am so excited that I finally get to vote for my mom in a few hours.” —@ChelseaClinton 
RT @rubycramer: Final rally of the Hillary Clinton campaign in Raleigh, , and it's officially Tuesday, Nov. 8. 
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina: 
Stronger together. 
"If you believe that racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our  need to vote." 
RT @RobbyMook: We've broken early vote records across the country. Tomorrow, history is up to you, @HFA volunteers!  …
27 million Latinos are eligible to vote this year.

Millions have already voted.

Ready to join them?… 
“Let’s make history!” —Hillary 
“We need your help, knocking on doors and making phone calls, helping to turn people out.” —Hillary 
"I am not going to let anybody rip up the progress that we’ve made.” —Hillary 
"Tomorrow, we face the test of our time. What will we vote for?” —Hillary  
"We don’t want to shrink the vision of this country. We want to keep expanding it.” —Hillary
"I believe with all my heart that our best days are still ahead of us, if we reach for them together.” —Hillary in Philly
"I am betting that tomorrow, you will reject fear, and you'll choose hope.” —@POTUS
"I’m betting that young people turn out to vote because your future is at stake.” —@POTUS
RT @CNN: President Obama: "We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress" 
“Don’t boo, vote!” —@POTUS  
“You don’t just have to vote against someone, you have somebody extraordinary to vote for.” —@POTUS 
"If his closest advisors don’t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
" choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear and could not be more serious.” —@POTUS
"We have a chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress, who will finish the job.” —@POTUS
“Hello Philadelphia! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?” —@POTUS 
"Tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great, that it is the greatest nation on earth.” —@FLOTUS
“Tomorrow, with your vote, you can stand up to those who seek to divide us and make us afraid.” —@FLOTUS 
“This election is on us; it is in our hands. If we get out and vote tomorrow, Hillary Clinton will win.” —@FLOTUS 
“We have a duty to ensure that this country is handed over to a leader that we all can trust.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary
“When the going gets tough, Hillary is the person we want on our side because she never gives up. She never quits.” —@FLOTUS
“Tomorrow, we have the chance to elect someone who is singularly qualified to be our president—our friend, Hillary… 
“No matter what came along, no matter what they hit her with … no matter what happened, she said, ‘We’re stronger together.’” —@BillClinton
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, @POTUS, @FLOTUS, @BillClinton, and @ChelseaClinton live in Philly. 
"Hillary is the role model Michelle and I want for our daughters and for kids across the country." —@POTUS 
RT @JoshSchwerin: Philly is out in full force tonight 
Tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the America we believe in. RT this if you're voting.… 
Yesterday, Khizr Khan told the story of a 10-year-old boy who was bullied at school—until his class watched Mr. Kha… 
Women can stop Trump.

Here's how:  
"If your closest advisors don’t trust you to tweet, how can we trust you with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
RT @CNN: Hillary Clinton: "This election is basically between division and unity in our country."  …
"I want to be a president for all Americans: Democrats, Republicans, Independents. Not just people who support me, but everyone.” —Hillary
"Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free for anyone who makes less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary 
"If you work hard, and you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be in poverty at the end of the year.” —Hillary
"Every single one of us has something to contribute to this great country.” —Hillary 
"I really believe that America’s best days are still ahead of us if we reach for them together!” —Hillary… 
"Are you ready to vote tomorrow, Michigan? Are you ready to help get your friends to vote?” —Hillary… 
“The choice in this election could not be  election is basically between division and unity in our co… 
Join Hillary in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for one of her last rallies of the campaign: 
"Look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —@Beyonce… 
Latino voters will have a powerful impact on this election—and are already showing record turnout. Be part of this:… 
RT @clionamccarney: 89 year old Elizabeth was out knocking doors in  for Hillary today because this election is "too important to…
"America depends on you—you, all of you.  I didn’t say, 'Yes, I can.' I said, 'Yes, we can.'" —@POTUS 
RT @politico: Chelsea Clinton on @HillaryClinton: "I am fiercely, ridiculously proud to be her daughter." 
"I voted for Hillary Clinton because I am absolutely confident that when she is president, this country will be in… 
Vote for an America where we build bridges, not walls.

Together, let’s prove that love trumps hate.… 
"Tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —Hillary  
This has to be our mission together—doing everything we can to help all our kids, and every American, live up to their God-given potential.
If you believe all our kids should have good schools and good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in, then… 
If you believe that America thrives when the middle class thrives, then you have to vote.  
“I believe America’s best days are still ahead of us.” —Hillary 
"We don’t have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America. Tomorrow, you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, b… 
Tomorrow’s the day! Join Hillary as she campaigns in Pittsburgh on the eve of Election Day. 
"Today, I'm asking for your vote. Tomorrow, let's make history together." —Hillary  
RT @JesseRodriguez: NBC News: As of today, over 43 million votes have been cast nationwide, with nearly 20 million in 12 battleground states
Share this if you know someone who needs to see it.  
RT @XochitlHinojosa: In FL, over 1 million Latino voters have cast ballots early --  approximately doubled from 2012.  Amazing.
Our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on Tuesday. Let's make them proud.… 
America is better than Donald Trump.  
My dad Al joined me on the trail this week. It was a pretty special moment:  
Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office.

Help make sure it's not Donald Trump: 
Our country needs to step up our commitment to mental health services. Here's our plan: 
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face. 
RT @jimmykimmel: Following tonight’s first presidential debate, the first VICE presidential debate - @TimKaine VS. me, face to face! …
Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."

Her name is Alicia Machado.  
RT @TheAtlantic: Hillary Clinton did what she needed to do:  
RT @ChadHGriffin: Tonight, we heard from two candidates -- but only one president. 
RT @hardball: "Hillary won big time. It was a shut out." -- @HardballChris 
Whether they like it or not, we must tell fossil fuel companies that their profits matter less than our planet's fu… 
We all benefit from our tax-funded schools, roads, and our military.

So everyone should pay their fair share. 
It is unacceptable that the cost of a quality childcare program is out of reach for millions of Americans. 
We can have disagreements about issues, but let us not blame undocumented people for all our problems. That is absurd, racist and wrong.
RT @russfeingold: “I’ll work for equal pay for women, and for paid leave so parents can care for a sick family member." …
RT @ZephyrTeachout: If Trump Gets His Way, Real Estate Will Get Even More Tax Breaks 
RT @billmckibben: 8 WA state tribes arrive at Standing Rock pipeline protest camp, bearing a remarkable totem pole  …
Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets. 
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president, what will they think of themselves? 
Ryan is still endorsing Trump. 
In 1965, ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay was 20:1. In 2014, it was 303:1. That’s just incomprehensible to me.
It is our obligation as Americans to dig deep in doing whatever we can to build the kind of future we want for ours… 
RT @timkaine: We need better community resources for the 1 in 4 college-aged students facing mental health challenges. …
"If you want higher wages, better  you should be voting for Hillary Clinton." —@POTUS: 
“Then there’s the other guy, Donald Trump. Don’t boo, vote!” —@POTUS: 
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." —@POTUS
“A leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." —@POTUS on Hillary: 
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here.” —@POTUS
"The choice that you make, that we make, just 8 weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time.” —@POTUS
"We lifted  million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.” —@POTUS
"Even though I have run my last campaign, I am going to work as hard as I can this fall to elect Hillary Clinton." —@POTUS
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” —@POTUS on Hillary
With just 56 days until Election Day, @POTUS is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live: 
RT @EveryVoice: Every Voice is proud to endorse @HillaryClinton for president.  
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns →  
“I am so proud to be running  strong history-making woman—Hillary Clinton.” —Tim 
Ready.  
RT @JoeBiden: One thing's clear: @TimKaine and Hillary have hardworking Americans' backs. The VP's office is in good hands. –Joe 
Thanks for the kind words, Mike.  
RT @timkaine: Ready.  
RT to let @TimKaine know you've got his back tonight.  
RT @JoeBiden: One thing's clear: @TimKaine and Hillary have hardworking Americans' backs. The VP's office is in good hands. –Joe 
RT @betsy_klein: .@timkaine met campaign volunteer Mike Phillips today in FL. He has spinal muscular atrophy. Kaine choked up reading the l…
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" —@NYTimes… 
We should feel obligated to expand Social Security and protect those people who have worked their entire lives for a secure retirement.
I'm not sure people who have money understand what poverty is like, including the toll fighting for survival takes on your mind and health.
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." —Hillary on her mom 
Congrats to @usatf's @Bri_Rollin, @ItsPooda, and @KristiHollywood on their historic podium sweep last night. 
RT @Newsweek: Our latest cover story: Trump's foreign ties could upend  national security interests  …
When people stand together, we can defeat the greed of the biggest fossil fuel companies! 
RT @Maggie_Hassan: "@BernieSanders is an incredible champion for hard-working families, and I'm truly honored by his support" - MH
Donald Trump's immigration plan makes it clear that he's more interested in dividing us than uniting us. 
In this election, we're fundamentally talking about a difference in vision for this country. Here's ours:… 
Great looking group of organizers &amp; volunteers here in Pittsburgh! @HillaryClinton @HillaryforPA @PADems are in goo… 
RT @TheYoungTurks: .@BernieSanders LIVE at a UAW chapter in Michigan 

RT @HillaryClinton: "On every issue, Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate. Hands down." —@BernieSanders:  https…
RT @russfeingold: .@BernieSanders is on , and it was such an honor to have him on the campaign trail with us today in Madison! htt…
RT @HillaryforNH: We can't wait to have @MartinOMalley stop by our PSU phone bank on Thursday! RSVP here to join us: …
RT @HillaryforNH: Want to see @MartinOMalley when he stops by our Conway office tomorrow? RSVP here!  …
New Hampshire friends! I'm back today campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforNH and Democrats! Hope to see you 
Hillary is running for president so every kid—not just her own, but every kid—can rise as high as their dreams and… 
I say to cowardly Republican governors trying to suppress the vote: If you can’t stand on your ideas, you should get out of politics.
As a father and grandfather I worry every day that this country is moving closer and closer to an oligarchic form of society.
RT @repjohnlewis: 53 years ago today, we Marched on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.  
The @ClintonFdn is saving lives around the world. 
Progressive economists agree: @HillaryClinton's economic agenda will reduce inequality, raise wages and create jobs. 
Our metric for success should be how many kids can go as far as their dreams and hard work will take them. 
There is no question that @HillaryClinton is, far and away, the superior candidate in this election. 
RT @HillaryClinton: This is so ignorant it’s staggering. 
America has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems. 
RT @JonBatiste: Jamming with @timkaine on harmonica! 
From rivals to colleagues to friends. Hillary and @POTUS, in photos: 
Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump?

"A lot of what he believes, we believe in." 
RT @Hillary_esp: Este , honremos las tantas contribuciones que los hispanos y latinos han hecho a este país. https://…
Taxpayers should never again be on the hook for the recklessness of Wall Street executives.
We believe there's power in taking the time to listen to people. The only way we can help working families is if we… 
NH friends: I'm back in your state today for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforNH @Maggie_Hassan @ColinVanOstern 
We can create a nation in which all people who want to pursue higher education can do that regardless of their income.
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges? 
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. We’re all so proud of you! -H 
"In this race, we have a candidate whose vision for our country is completely and utterly lacking in hope." —@FLOTUS on Trump
"Decent men do not demean women, and we shouldn't tolerate this behavior from any man, let alone a man who wants to be president." —@FLOTUS
With just 19 days left in this campaign, @FLOTUS hits the trail for Hillary in Arizona. Watch live → 
"You wanna give me a good send off? Go knock on some doors.” —@POTUS: 
Our progress is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.
Democracy is on the ballot.

Make a plan to vote:… 
Lanzamos un nuevo plan para ayudar a que los pequeños negocios de latinos salgan adelante.  
RT @HillaryforCO: LIVE: @TimKaine is speaking with local entrepreneurs→  
RT @Hillary_esp: Nuestra economía se mide por el éxito de nuestros pequeños
negocios, no el de Wall Street.  https:/…
If we stand for anything, we have to stand together to end all forms of racism and discrimination.
Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud. 
I have a radical idea for my colleagues. What if we occasionally—we don’t have to overdo it—listening to the people who sent us to Congress?
Congress cannot continue to ignore reality. The current minimum wage is a starvation wage and we have to raise it.  
7 ways Donald Trump proved he’s not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes): 
Under Hillary’s plan, if your family earns $125,000 or less, you'll be able to go to a public college tuition-free. 
A mother who lost a son to gun violence asked Hillary a question about how we can stop it: 
RT @HillaryforMI: TOMORROW: Governor @MartinOMalley is coming to Kalamazoo! RSVP now →  
Here in the beautiful Buckeye State today campaigning for @HillaryClinton, @Ted_Strickland. Let's go @OHDems! 
RT @HillaryforFL: "39 days left. Do we lift each other up or do we tear each other down?" —Hillary 
This election is about whether we’re a country that lifts each other up or tears each other down. 
RT @HFA: “I’m trying to end the campaign focusing on issues that are really close to my heart, and this is one of them.” —Hillary on nation…
National service has always been a bipartisan goal. When it's hard to find common ground, it’s important we come together where we can.
Strong men need to step up and support strong women.  
“The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality.” - Elizabeth Cady Stanton 
RT @TheEllenShow: I watched @FLOTUS Michelle Obama’s incredible speech. I asked @HillaryClinton about it. 
IN, OH, MI, &amp; IA friends: I'm coming this week to campaign for @HillaryClinton and Democrats. Hope to see you there! 
My thoughts are with the families and loved ones of those killed last night in Seattle.
RT if you believe that 

Then make sure you're registered to vote:  
At the debate, the impeccably dressed Ken Bone asked a great question about meeting our energy needs. Hillary’s res… 
"Mr. Pence simply ignored the Donald Trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year." —@NYTimes 
RT @LEBassett: One thing is clear: Tim Kaine won the debate on abortion. 
RT @POTUS: Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for @HillaryClinton! Nobody has ever been more prepared to be @POTUS.
Any politician who passes laws to suppress the vote is a political coward and needs to get another job.
RT @VTdems: Join @BernieSanders, @SueMinterVT, and the VT Dem ticket TOMORROW in Montpelier! Click the link to RSVP! 
…
RT @HillaryforNC: Today is the day! Make history and vote early for Hillary in NC. Find
your closest polling location: …
RT @NickMarroletti: This is what it feels like to make . Thank you for early voting for @HillaryClinton, @Alli_Wilber. …
Show Trump his tweets come at a cost—because Hillary supporters are pledging to donate every time he tweets:… 
Our democracy is built on fair elections and peaceful transfer of power. Trump can't threaten that just because he… 
They stood together against oppression, injustice and racism in America. We must never lose sight of that vision. Our work is far from over.
53 years ago today, Martin Luther King delivered his famous "I Have a Dream" speech in front of hundreds of thousands of protesters.
.@jimmowrer is a champion for vets, working families, &amp; womens equality. We need him in Congress   
Donald Trump built numerous squandered businesses on the backs of taxpayers—and he hasn't even paid his fair share. 
It’s easy to get cynical about politics, but that’s what the other side wants you to feel.

Prove them wrong: 
"We’re going to make public colleges like Wayne State tuition-free for working families.” —Hillary in Detroit 
Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage and said wages in America are too high.
The president takes an oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution." 

Does Trump know what's in it? 
"Let's register to vote, show up to the polls, and vote for Hillary Clinton." —@KingJames:  
RT @HillaryClinton: RT this if you agree. 
RT @CWAUnion: New @HuffingtonPost piece on 's secretive super-court system called ISDS. Another reason why we must  …
RT this if you agree. 
“If I have the opportunity, I’ll do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." —Hillary to young women 
Texas friends: I'm coming Saturday to campaign for @HillaryClinton and @texasdemocrats. Hope to see you there! 
Let’s build a future where love trumps hate. 
“Let’s reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.”
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
"He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic Americans.” —Hillary on Trump
"Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an American.” —Hillary
Donald Trump is unfit to be president.
We just can’t accept this.
We’ve got to stand up to this.
If we don’t, it won’t stop.
Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple.

Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology.
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States.
"We know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.” —Hillary
The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years.

The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance. 
"We’ll remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.” —Hillary
“The American people deserve something to vote for, not just against.” —Hillary 
"You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." —Hillary to the Black Women’s Agenda
"To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.” —Hillary
"The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women’s health.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary speak live at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium: 
RT @kailanikm: Kaine focuses on fighting poverty in big economic address 
One conversation could make the difference in this election—make some calls to voters today:  
Almost everybody understands that we cannot have a vibrant democracy with billionaires buying elections.
In our entire history there hasn’t been a less qualified person to become president from a character or policy perspective than Trump.
Donald Trump is good at one thing—driving his companies into the ground.

And now he wants the keys to the  eco… 
It is unacceptable that, in the United States, the cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last 10 years to $9,900 a month.
RT @TeenVogue: "By harnessing your energy and ideas, we can solve many of the problems we face." — @HillaryClinton 
We must break up Wells Fargo and the other biggest banks which have assets equivalent to nearly 60% of our nation’s GDP.
The Bakken Pipeline will transport some of the dirtiest oil in America. We must stop it. 
RT @HillaryforIA: Don't forget to come see @MartinOMalley at our Des Moines office this morning!  …
The ruling class knows if we fight for decent wages, for education, for the right to Social Security, we win. If they divide us, they win.
How have I not thought of that hashtag before?  
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap. 
The Democratic platform is a very progressive document but no president will be able to implement it unless millions of people stand up.
The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.
The images from the train derailment in NJ are horrifying. My prayers are with those who lost loved ones and the dozens who were injured. -H
RT @CollegeDems: 🎓 Tuition
📚 Books
🏡 Room and board
🍕 Food
College adds up. @HillaryClinton wants to help you save: 
This is what corporate control of our government looks like.
.@Aetna's threat to Dept. of Justice: If you reject our merger, we will pull out of health exchanges. Must read: 
The administration should kill the Time Warner/AT&amp;T merger. This deal would mean higher prices and fewer choices fo… 
"My vision for America is an America where everyone has a place. This is the America that I know and love." —Hillary 
Hurricane  is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told t… 
RT @voxdotcom: Hillary Clinton has a $10 billion plan to stop the heroin epidemic. Donald Trump has some slogans. 
RT @russfeingold: We always knew this would be a close race. And we can’t afford to take anything for granted.

Stand with Russ now: https:…
RT @GunnelsWarren: Republicans in NC are political cowards. If you don't want people to vote, get out of politics.  Get another job. https:…
Wealth inequality is obscenely high and workers’ wages are obscenely low. We need more unions, not less. 
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be “the most reckless president in American history.”
Too many veterans and their families aren’t getting the mental health services they need. Our plan to fix that: 
"I will never, ever disrespect Gold Star families who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war.” —Hillary
The last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to Washington.
"I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military a 'disaster.'" —Hillary to the @AmericanLegion
We can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them.

We can’t contain ISIS; we must defeat it. And we will.
Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home.
American leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.
“No matter how great the challenge, America must lead.” —Hillary to the @AmericanLegion 
I love Anne Arundel County. Thanks for having me. Now let's go elect @HillaryClinton and @ChrisVanHollen to Senate! 
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes: 
How can the United States stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all peo… 
We will make public colleges and universities tuition free for all working families in America.
RT @Mariska: Thank you @ELLEmagazine for letting me share why   

The United States remains the only major country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people. It's a national embarrassment.
If you do your job, you’re supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed. 
We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress.
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone → 
We've heard Donald's insults for years, and his policies reflect this disregard—even contempt—for women.
Trump obsessively bullies Rosie O'Donnell—an accomplished actor. He insulted Kim Kardashian for her weight—when she was pregnant. Pathetic.
To Donald, women like Alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks.  
When something gets under Donald's thin skin, he lashes out and can't let go. This is dangerous for a president.
Alicia deserves praise for courageously standing up to Trump's attacks. And he has the gall to blame her—and say he "helped"?
What kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?
This , even for Trump. A few notes. 
RT @attn: .@timkaine shares why  is so important, especially to LGBT youth. 
Students who study hard get hit with insurmountable debt while bankers who crashed the economy get a bailout. That’s unacceptable.
I know that @DeborahRossNC would make a fantastic member of the  Senate – one who would stand up for working families no matter what.
RT @rtraister: HRC unveils plan to tackle deep poverty. Everything about this, at this stage of the race, is remarkable. …
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you. 
Our veterans and military families deserve better. 
RT @JoeBiden: Fights for working people. Respects immigrants. Good taste in sunglasses. @timkaine is ready to be Vice President. https://t.…
In the richest country in the history of the world, seniors should not be choosing between food and medicine.
Social Security, Medicare and workplace safety are just a few of the benefits we now enjoy thanks to the the struggle of unions. 
And proud of it. 
.@HillaryClinton holds the radical view we should listen to scientists. Compared to Republicans today that's sadly a pretty radical idea.
RT @HuffingtonPost: Tim Kaine schooled Mike Pence on abortion at the   
Seniors and disabled veterans need more help than a few extra dollars in their monthly checks. We must expand Socia… 
"I'm going to be the voice of the voiceless." —Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner, on her work to reform policing pra… 
When we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate. 
RT @JebBush: As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degradi…
RT @POTUS: Voted early today. Make sure you vote too:  
We have got to end the two-tier justice system in this country – one for the poor and working class and one for Wall Street and the wealthy.
RT @CNN: Tim Kaine: How Hillary Clinton and I will make housing fair in America  
In the 81 years since FDR signed Social Security into law, it has been one of the nation’s most successful anti-poverty programs. 
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence. 
Why is @realDonaldTrump refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:

RT @PaulBegala: Before @ClintinFdn, 200K people with HIV AIDS in poor countries got lifesaving anti-retroviral meds. Because of @ClintonFdn…
This election is a choice between an economy that benefits everyone or an economy that  Trump. 
I happen to believe, and @HillaryClinton happens to believe, that if you work 40 hours a week you should not be living in poverty.
This election's brought attention to the struggles women face in class, the office, and yes—on the campaign trail. 
39 days.  
RT @Hillary_esp: A Trump "le resulta más fácil insultar a mujeres que hablar con el presidente de México sobre construir la muralla" —Hilla…
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not be anywhere near the nuclear codes.
"Who gets up at 3 o'clock in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against a former Miss Universe?” —Hillary
"His latest Twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him.” —Hillary on Trump
Trump "finds it a lot easier to insult women than to talk to the president of Mexico about building a wall.” —Hillary
"My view is we are already great, and if we work together, we will become even greater in the years ahead.” —Hillary in Florida
RT @Hillary_esp: “Somos una nación de raíces hispanas y esto es parte del orgullo de quienes somos. Por esto tenemos el …
What a woman president would mean to teenage girls: 
American exceptionalism should not be about being the only country besides Papua New Guinea that does not provide paid maternity leave.
Republicans want to end Medicare and transform it into a voucher system that gives a cancer patient $8,000 and says: Good luck to you.
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" African Americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy: 
Join me and @KatieMcGintyPA today at 5 PM. 
.@ZephyrTeachout is a leader at a time when we are in desperate need of bold leaders.
"We deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the American story, and we’re always stronger together.” —@FLOTUS
“On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or not.” —@FLOTUS
“The choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition.” —@FLOTUS: 
“You’ve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.” —@FLOTUS: 
"Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama.” —@FLOTUS
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." —@FLOTUS: 
“We have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down…she gets right back up.” —@FLOTUS
"The presidency doesn’t change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." —@FLOTUS
"When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a  need someone who’s going to take this job seriously.” —@FLOTUS
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself.

Instead, let’s invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut.  of Americans get nothing.
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers. 
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries: 
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business’ success, so everybody should share in the rewards.
One positive thing Trump could do to make America great again?

Actually make great things in America: 
If @TeamUSA was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room.

America isn’t afraid to compete.
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strength—fear that we can’t compete with the rest of the world.
"As president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies." —Hillary
We’re going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn: 
A four-year degree shouldn’t be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living.
It’s not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families can’t refinance theirs.
Let’s fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone: 
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses. 
We’re going to invest $10 billion in “Make it in America” partnerships to support American manufacturing: 
"Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of  want it to be us." —Hillary
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
One of the many stark choices we face in this election. 
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.
Talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out. … 
A quiet moment. 
Trump owes the country an apology for all of the horrible things he's said. It's time for him to take responsibilit… 
America has seen so much progress that was once unimaginable. That’s important to remember as we continue to fight for social justice.
The best way to effectively and rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild this nation's infrastructure.
Mike Pence’s governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them: 
We're facing the highest suicide rate in 30 years. Let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment. 
FDR said that the test of our progress is how we take care for the poor and our most vulnerable people. He was absolutely right.
I remember when the same folks who now back TPP told us how many jobs would be created by NAFTA. They were wrong then and they're wrong now.
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state: 
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. 
RT @jastengco: Mourning the loss of Uncle Bob Santos, a prominent AAPI leader in Seattle. Keeping his family in our thoughts. …
We need real competition to lower drug prices, not corporations offering generic versions of their own drugs for whatever price they want.
RT @Jorge_Silva: Mi México, and the world, lost a great singer, songwriter and human being.  .  …
.@realDonaldTrump rather than just talking about bad trade deals, why don't you lead by example and stop making your products in Bangladesh.
RT @CatherineForNV: .@BernieSanders Grateful for your support! Eager to join forces to get dirty, dark money, like the Koch brothers', out…
Good crowd at @GrinnellCollege for @MonicaVernon! Let's make her the 1st Iowa woman to serve in the House!  
People have seen almost 40 years of tax returns from Hillary. One set from Trump really isn't too much to ask. 
Every time I get to do a campaign event with Anne, it's like a vacation. 
We are the only major country that allows private insurance companies to rip us off. We can do better than we’re doing.
Every girl—in every country—deserves to get an education and reach her dreams. Thank you, @FLOTUS.  
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
RT @CatherineForNV: Hope you can join me and @BernieSanders at tomorrow’s rally in Reno!  Sign up here: 
RT @HillaryClinton: Even Mike Pence can't defend Donald Trump's insult-driven campaign. 
We are not going to let Donald Trump and right-wing Republicans destroy the American labor movement.
Even Mike Pence can't defend Donald Trump's insult-driven campaign. 
.@TimKaine's favorite records—and 13 other things you should know about America's next vice president: 
.@TownleyH is right on gun violence. Enough is enough. 
RT @coolmompicks: Thrilled to speak w Anne Holton re politics,  tweets abt her husband @timkaine LISTEN: …
.@TheJusticeDept, @USACEHQ, @Interior are right. We must listen to our Native American brothers and sisters.  
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." —@RepJohnLewis 
I wouldn't tolerate anyone talking to my daughter like that, and she wouldn't either. 
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied." 
We have some questions about this letter from Donald Trump's doctor. 
The chance to learn shouldn't require incurring tens of thousands of dollars in debt. 
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." —@POTUS 
"America is not about ‘yes, he will.' It's about ‘yes, we can.'" —@POTUS: 
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —@POTUS on the media’s coverage of Donald Trump
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.” —@POTUS
"We cannot take this election for granted. We’ve got to fight for this thing.” —@POTUS: 
“She knows that love trumps hate.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"When your children and grandchildren ask what you did in  hope you’ll say you voted for a better America.” —Hillary
"We’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year.” 
In my view, when the largest banks are larger than they were when we bailed them out, we have to break them up. 
In one week, Trump has:
✓Lost a debate
✓Attacked a woman at 5 am on Twitter
✓Had his net worth downgraded
and more: 
Want to know if Donald Trump is lying? Just Google it. 
Must Read: Proposition 61 will help reduce outrageous prescription drug prices 
“We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary 
“I want every boy and girl to know, the American Dream is big enough for you. And there is a place in America for you.” —Hillary in Colorado
“I want to be the president, yes, for Democrats, but also for Republicans and Independents.” —Hillary in Colorado 
“We expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election.” —Hillary

Make sure you're one of them: 
27 days to go &amp; Hillary’s hitting the trail in Colorado. Watch live: 

And register to vote: 
To politicians who pass laws to suppress the vote I say: Get another job. 
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants. 
Wells Fargo’s Business Model is Fraud  
When the pharmaceutical industry is scared, we are doing something right. 
RT @TheAtlantic: The Atlantic endorses Hillary Clinton for president  
RT @JamilSmith: Though Pence delivered a polished performance, @HeerJeet writes, he told a lot of lies. It’s on us to care. …
On , it's not enough to appreciate teachers. We have to support them like America's future is in t… 
Tomorrow @HillaryClinton &amp; @realDonaldTrump will finally debate immigration reform. My oped on why its so important: 
"In the quiet moments backstage or at the end of a long day, I find myself thinking about my mother."… 
Growth for the sake of growth isn't worth much if all of it goes to a few people who already have so much.
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top. 
Tonight, Americans will hear what Trump would do as Commander-in-Chief.

Here are 5 reasons he's unfit for the job: 
The top one-tenth of one percent owns about 23 times as much wealth as the bottom 50 percent - over 150 million Americans.
Private prisons are not cheaper, they are not safer, and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state.
The DOJ's plan to end its use of private prisons is an important step in the right direction. It's exactly what our movement has fought for.
Unless Congress stands up for the middle class that's getting stepped on by the billionaire class, soon there won't be a middle class left.
Mother Teresa's devotion to the poor and underserved is a reminder that every person's dignity should be respected. 
Health care cannot be dependent upon the whims and market projections of large companies whose goal is to make as much profit as possible.
I'm taking over @HillaryforMN tomorrow to get out the vote for @HillaryClinton &amp; other Democrats! 
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.

RT @HillaryforAZ: RT if you're as ready as Jordynn is to have @TimKaine as our next Vice President. 

Then volunteer: https://t…
RT @Hillary_esp: Honrado de hablar directamente con familias sobre nuestro plan para crear oportunidades: empleos, educación, salud y peque…
RT @Hillary_esp: “El poder del voto latina puede hacer la  Cada voto cuenta.”—@TimKaine. 
RT @Hillary_esp: “Donald Trump quiere crear una nación de deportación. Trump quiere deportar a casi 16 millones de personas”—@TimKaine. …
RT @Hillary_esp: "Demasiados niños en los EE. UU. les dicen adiós a sus padres cada mañana, sin saber si su padre o su madre estarán ahí cu…
RT @Hillary_esp: “Lo que aprendí en Honduras se puede resumir en tres conceptos: fe, familia y trabajo duro. Los valores de nuestra comunid…
RT @Hillary_esp: Sígueme ahora mientras doy el primer discurso completo en español de un evento de campaña presidencial. -TK …
RT @Hillary_esp: En breve, hablaré sobre nuestro plan para las familias latinas como crear mejores trabajos, acceso a la educación y reform…
RT @Hillary_esp: Amigos de Arizona, ¿Sabías que el voto temprano termina mañana viernes? ¡Haz un plan para votar aquí! …
RT @Hillary_esp: ¡Hola a todos! Acabo de llegar a Arizona y estoy muy emocionado de estar aquí. Hoy les estaré hablando desde esta cuenta.…
Our diversity is America's greatest strength. We embrace people of all backgrounds, no matter who you are—or what language you speak. -TK
El español es el idioma de más de 40 millones en este país. Hoy, daré el primer discurso completo en español de una campaña 
¡Hola! Les habla Tim Kaine. Hoy estaré en Arizona donde daré mi discurso en español. ¡Síganme en @Hillary_esp para más detalles! -TK
I'm an AL Central guy, but it's hard not to be happy for the @Cubs. Theo's the best front office guy since Branch Rickey. Two curses broken!
RT @Wonkblog: Bernie Sanders wants the feds to investigate these drug companies for possible price collusion 
About half the money that has been contributed to the 2016 presidential race has come from just 158 of the wealthiest families in America.
RT @MarkRuffalo:  must be faced w/ prayer, love &amp; listening to be resolved. My @guardian oped  …
Drug companies make too much money off of live-saving medication. 90% of Americans agree. 
RT @Carolynyjohnson: Bernie Sanders wants the feds to investigate these drug companies for possible price collusion …
How is it that Donald Trump, a multi-billionaire, doesn’t think we should raise the minimum wage to a living wage?
We have come too far as a nation to end discrimination. We aren't voting for a president who wants to bring it back. 
What an incredible day meeting Dems in Virginia. Lets elect @HillaryClinton @HillaryforVA @LevarStoney and all Demo… 
RT @vademocrats: Puppy + Clinton/Kaine + @MartinOMalley‼️ 
Couldnt agree more w @HillaryClinton. Need to reform criminal justice system, end school2prison pipeline, improve police-community relations
Stopped by @_HamptonU to see the  where African Americans heard 1st reading of the emancipation pro… 
RT @coloradodems: "Colorado, the choice could not be clearer"—@MartinOMalley. Sing it proud Martin!  …
RT @vademocrats: .@MartinOMalley leading  sing-along in Virginia Beach!  
Friends in Virginia: I'm criss-crossing the Commonwealth today for @HillaryClinton and local Dems! Hope to see you 
Make sure Trump isn't rewarded for running the most divisive campaign in history:  
"I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has." —Donald Trump

About that: 
Imagine a president who said all of these things. 
The Central Park Five were exonerated. What does it say about Trump that he thinks they should still be in prison? 
More than 31 million Americans have already voted.

Be a part of this: 
This election isn’t just about who Trump is—it’s about who WE are.

Are you ready to vote? 
Get out and vote.
Get everybody you know to vote.

This is one of the most consequential elections in our lifetimes. 
"We know that America is big-hearted, not small-minded. We want to lift people up, not tear each other down.” —Hillary
"Are we going to build a better, stronger America—or are we going to fear each other, and fear our future?" —Hillary
"Come January 20, America will have a new president.  The question is, what kind of change are we going to see?" —Hillary
“If you elect me next Tuesday, that is the kind of president I will be.”  
"Everything I’ve done started by listening to people…working to bring people together, to find common ground.” —Hillary in North Carolina
Join Hillary on the trail in North Carolina with @BernieSanders and @Pharrell. 


RT @TheBriefing2016: .@chucktodd: "What is the status of the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation?"

@PeteWilliamsNBC: "There real…
RT @Hillary_esp: "Ustedes hacen a nuestra nación más fuerte, más inteligente y más  Estados Unidos es un país mejor gracias a us…
RT @Hillary_esp: "Él no entiende que las familias bilingües y multilingües contribuyen a nuestra diversidad y a nuestra economía"—@TimKaine…
RT @HillaryforIA: Ruline Steininger has seen a lot of history over the years, and when it comes to Hillary versus Trump, she has something…
.@FLOTUS is with her. Are you?  
"I don’t believe we’re at our best when we stoke fear about each other.” —Hillary

Make a plan to vote if you agree: 
We are all safer when everyone has respect for the law, and everyone is respected by the law.
Across America, people are rejecting Trump’s dark vision for one that is hopeful and inclusive and unifying. 
Donald—his father Fred—and their entire company were sued by @TheJusticeDept for discriminating against African Americans and Latinos.
"I truly believe that you deserve a candidate you can vote for, not just someone to vote against.” —Hillary 
RT @ABCPolitics: Clinton says Cubs winning World Series was special: "Who knows maybe will see even more history made in a few days." https…
With just 5 days until Election Day, watch Hillary speak live in North Carolina: 


"I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin."

This is Mae Wiggins's story: 
RT @HFA: What issues matter the most to you? Create your page and share with your friends to tell them why they need to vote: …
RT @repjohnlewis: I’ve marched, protested, been beaten and arrested--all for the right to vote. Friends of mine gave their lives. Honor the…
Don’t miss out! Join them:  
🤔 
Trump has built his campaign on demonizing Latinos and immigrants.

Latino voters have the power to stop him. Vote:… 
RT @timkaine: ¡Hola! Les habla Tim Kaine. Hoy estaré en Arizona donde daré mi discurso en español. ¡Síganme en @Hillary_esp para más detall…
RT this if you think kids and families deserve a champion in the White House.  
Donald Trump just got one of his only newspaper endorsements of this  the Ku Klux Klan. 
"The reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." 
If by "nonsense" you mean "a cruel and absurd plan that will never happen," we agree.  
.@U2's right. Good people arent going to stay silent about @realDonaldTrump. We will vote for @HillaryClinton in Nov 
I worry about how many people have got to die because they can't afford their medication before drugmakers decide to stop ripping us off.
RT @latimes: Editorial board: Clinton would be a smart, pragmatic president. Trump would be a catastrophe.  https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims…
We are going to create a government that works for the middle class and not Sheldon Adelson, Donald Trump and the billionaires.
When there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit.  
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." —@LATimes 
RT @janeosanders: We stand with @shailenewoodley and our Native American brothers &amp; sisters against the North Dakota pipeline. …
This is exactly why people are angry and want real change. 
Donald Trump would make out like a bandit under his economic plan.

Working families? Not so much. 
Indignante que el Congreso no haya actuado sobre Zika mientras familias enfrentan este problema de salud pública. Tenemos que actuar ahora.
Trump thinks giving another huge tax cut to those at the top will somehow help working families? Give me a break.

Congrats to the  on their outstanding performance in Rio—and a special congrats to Virginia native, @gabrielledoug!
Nobody who is seeking the presidency should do anything to countenance violence. That’s what Donald Trump did today: 
Trump's tax plan in a nutshell: cut rates for those at the top and leave working families to pick up the tab.

Politics has no place in the conversation around Zika funding. Families are hurting. It's time for Congress to act: 
Yes, this Kansas-raised, Mizzou-educated VP candidate will broker a deal to reinstate the Border War!  
David's letter to his daughter about why he can't support Donald Trump really hits home. 
The choice on jobs couldn't be clearer, folks. 
I've been fortunate enough to meet some great businesspeople in my life—and none of them do business like Trump. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to preven…
Donald Trump is only in it for himself—just look at his economic plan.

We've got detailed policy plans, but if it's about your own kid or business, it's not a detail—it's a big deal.

Character is when you get knocked on your back trying something you care about and you don’t give up. 
The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy, and a weakened VRA threatens that right for too many. It's time to .
Healing is about more than policy—it's people from all walks of life looking at things from others' points of view. 
Kids need broadband to learn. Small businesses need it to succeed. Let's make sure everyone has access to it: 
We all ought to feel a little bit of weight on our shoulders this election—families are counting on us. 
Happy birthday to an old friend and a great president. 
RT @NatUrbanLeague: We need to look injustice square in the face and fight it. -@timkaine 
RT @cspan: .@TimKaine addresses @NatUrbanLeague Conference – LIVE online here:   …
Trump claims he'd be our "greatest" jobs president. His record says he'd be a "you're fired" president.

A stronger economy starts with supporting companies that invest in employees here at home:  
RT @HillaryforWI: BREAKING: @TimKaine will be in Milwaukee this Friday. Reserve your spot here →  …
My dad's union shop provided a decent living for our family—others deserve the same. Thanks for having me, @AFLCIO! 
RT @HillaryforVA: Check out the highlights of @timkaine's return to : 
You could have a different point of view, but you don’t have to hate the other person. You can work together. 
This election gives strong men a chance to stand up and support a strong woman to be president of the United States. 
We come to know God through looking in the eyes of other people. 
First Trump attacked the Hotel Roanoke. Then a Gold Star VA family. Today, he kicked a baby out of a VA rally. Virginia is not for haters!
RT @HillaryforVA: Yes, the balloons were amazing. But you know what's cooler than balloons? Volunteering:  -TK https…
RT @HillaryforVA: Hello, Virginia! After an exciting week on the trail with @HillaryClinton, I'm so happy to be home. -TK
RT @HillaryforVA: In honor of his first hometown rally as @HillaryClinton's VP nominee, @timkaine is taking over our Twitter! Tweets from T…
We need to look out for each other. That's what families do—and it's what we should do as Americans. 
Last week, we showed the optimistic, can-do spirit that is the heart of our party. That’s what America needs to see. 
"She's the best life partner if you're looking to serve others." —Tim on his wife, Anne 
As of tomorrow, we'll have just 100 days left to go out and campaign to win this election. Let's go. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Hillary &amp; @TimKaine take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket: htt…
We share this basic belief: Do all the good you can and serve one another. That's what this election is about. 
RT @HillaryClinton: "For those of you out there who are just getting to know @'ll make the whole country proud as our vice pre…
It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down. 
RT @MagicJohnson: Sen. @timkaine's genuine spirit, integrity and commitment to service came out during his speech. I know he will make a gr…
RT @HillaryClinton: “Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice presid…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary is ready.
Ready to fight.
Ready to win.
Ready to lead."
—@TimKaine 
RT @HillaryClinton: "Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.” —@TimKaine 
Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger together.
"We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the job." —Tim
"Take it from former First Lady Barbara Bush: she said she didn't know how any woman could vote for him after his offensive comments." —Tim
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth."
Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed.  

They all got stiffed.
Trump "promises a lot,  has a habit of saying the same two words right after he makes his biggest 'Believe me.'" —Tim
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.

It's himself!" —@TimKaine …
Remember the Mothers of the Movement we heard from last night? They trust Hillary to keep other mothers' sons and daughters safe.
Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep them together.
We're all neighbors and we must love our neighbors as ourselves.
"Republican  they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that Hillary Clinton was.” —Tim
“I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't last—tough people do.” —Tim
"If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" —Tim
"Anne and I have been married for almost 32 years, and I am the luckiest husband in the world." —Tim
"I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding &amp; carpentry." 
"My dad ran a union ironworking  mom was his best salesman. My brothers &amp; I pitched 's how small family businesses do it"
"I never expected to be here, but let me tell you how it happened:" —Tim
"I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" —Tim 
"I want to thank my beautiful wife Anne and my three wonderful children: Nat, Woody and Annella." —Tim 
RT @HillaryClinton: Watch night three of  live on Facebook as @JoeBiden, @TimKaine, and @POTUS take the stage → …
What matters in politics is if you can deliver results—and Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve.

We all have to decide whether to be right or do right. If you want to do right, be an optimist. 
Hats off to this member of the Florida delegation.  
Taking it all in. 
.@realDonaldTrump the Hotel Roanoke AC is fine &amp; you should pay them for it. You're the one who brought the hot air! 
RT @HillaryClinton: “Let’s go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.” —@TimKaine …
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary and I will not  we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —@TimKaine on preventing…
RT @HillaryClinton: "There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” —@TimKaine
RT @HillaryClinton: "Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.” —@timkaine
RT @HillaryClinton: “My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” —@timkaine
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.

She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." —@timkaine
¡Honrado de ser el candidato a la vicepresidencia de @HillaryClinton! 
Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!
Trump chose to fill  with rhetoric that tears us apart, instead of plans that would bring us together 
Excited to join my friend @MarkWarner this afternoon in Fairfax for a @NOVAChamber discussion on regional business issues
.@NASA_Langley is holding  events today and tomorrow celebrate ! Check it all out live: 
Trump has a very long history of enriching himself at the expense of others 
Deeply troubled that it is so easy for people to obtain the murderous weaponry to carry out cold-blooded attacks like in Baton Rouge
Heart goes out to police everywhere &amp; their families who worry when they leave for a daily shift about whether they will come home safely
Shooting today in Baton Rouge is an absolute atrocity. All must condemn it
Horrified by the news in Baton Rouge this morning. No justification for these senseless acts of hateful violence.
Bill awarding Filipino WWII veterans a Congressional Gold Medal has passed the Senate! Glad we are finally honoring their sacrifice
Proud to join @CoryBooker &amp; @SenatorFischer on the PAWS Act, which provides service dogs to vets suffering from PTSD 
.@HillaryClinton Pleasure welcoming you back to the Commonwealth! Now, .  
RT @HillaryClinton: Thank you, Virginia and Senator @TimKaine. 
Deepest condolences to . Joining the rest of the world to  at this difficult time
VA doesn't want a "you're fired" President. They want a "you're hired" President! Honored to join @HillaryClinton today! 
Es hora de reunirnos todos con @HillaryClinton en Virginia!  
It's rally time with @HillaryClinton in the Commonwealth! 
Today marks one year since reaching the . Watch today's Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on it: 
Very powerful speech, straight from the heart, from my colleague @SenatorTimScott today. Urging others to watch it.
RT @SenatorTimScott: Just because you do not feel the pain, the anguish of another, does not mean it does not exist. My speech today: https…
Also worked with colleagues to draft a provision to protect the elderly from medication abuse. Full statement: 
Proud to have worked with bipartisan group to draft provisions in CARA that increases access to life-saving naloxone
Have seen firsthand how significant an impact the opioid &amp; heroin abuse epidemic is having on Virginia. This bill is a good first step
Los EEUU apoyará a Honduras a construir una región pacífica y próspera, una inversión que beneficiará ambos países
Fue un placer sentarme con el Presidente Hernández de Honduras y hablar sobre nuestros asuntos de mutua importancia 
The  will stand with Honduras to build a peaceful &amp; prosperous region, which is an investment that will benefit both countries
Great to sit down with President Hernández of Honduras to discuss the issues mutually important to our nations 
Welcome back home! Thank you to the brave @USNavy men and women of the @USSHARRYSTRUMAN  
Read the @ShaunOMB &amp; @OPMDirector blog post on strengthening the Federal  Workforce, important to VA 
.@SenSanders ran a superb campaign &amp; the movement will be a force in taking on Trump. So excited to see Dems unite behind @HillaryClinton
Pleasant surprise to see USS Arlington stopping in Norfolk yesterday while I met with members of MHI's leadership! 
US leadership on UNCLOS would strengthen rule of law &amp; demonstrate commitment to international norms &amp; our partners &amp; allies in the region
Unfortunate US hasn't ratified UNCLOS treaty. Ruling proves it is an important avenue for challenging China’s actions in the 
 ruling means existing international frameworks like UNCLOS are relevant &amp; critical in today's complex security environment
Climate change is real, it’s happening in Virginia and we can and must rise to the challenge of addressing it  
I stand w/ @SenateDems because it's  the industry-led  blocking climate action in Congress
VA veterans deserve a President who applauds them, not someone who has only shown them disdain. Joining  to discuss Trump's speech
A comprehensive  bill should fully equip women's health clinics to respond, not restrict their funding @NARAL: 
Condolences to @heraldcourier family after losing a carrier to an act of gun violence. Prayers are with the victim’s family &amp; wounded
My staff is hosting office hours across the Virginia next week to answer your questions. Find a location near you: 
Joining Americans in condemning this horrific act of senseless violence in , mourning the loss of 5 heroes &amp; praying for the wounded
Shootings in  last night were a brazen &amp; calculated attack on brave police officers doing their jobs to protect their fellow citizens
My remarks on @Medium from floor speech tonight on disturbing police shootings of  &amp;  
No podemos ignorar la obligación de responder a los desafíos por el aumento de los refugiados en la frontera sur 
US can no longer ignore the obligation to address challenges posed by increase in refugees at our southern border 
.@neurolosophy Agree   deaths are tragic. Need to end this pattern, build trust b/t police &amp; black communities
.@MarkWarner and I were excited to spend time with VA's @girlscouts @boyscouts &amp; @RoyalRangersUSA this morning! 
Eid Mubarak to all those celebrating in Virginia and across the world today
Phase 3 of @WMATA  has begun, and it will affect @Reagan_Airport travelers. The information you need: 
This bill is so connected to our country’s history &amp; heritage. Will work to advance it in Senate for final passage 
My full statement on the Afghanistan announcement: 
Support @POTUS decision to adjust trajectory of US troop levels in Afghanistan. Affirms our commitment to regional stability &amp; their people
A much-needed boost for NoVa commuters. Proud to have worked closely with VA &amp; DC colleagues on the push for this  
Anne &amp; I send our deepest condolences to the family of Abner Mikva, a larger than life legend in Chicago 
Congress has a responsibility to end the games and fund the tools needed to prepare against , long and short term
State and local health officials are working diligently in Virginia on what we can do to be prepared against the  virus
Spoke with @VDHgov &amp; health advocacy orgs on Virginia's response to the  virus today 
Happy Independence Day! Hoping everyone is celebrating with friends and family today 
Elie Wiesel's writings will live forever to teach future generations of a time we will never forget
Urging Senate leadership to bring @ExImBankUS nominee up for a vote. Crucial for jobs and competitiveness. 
Glad to see military transgender service ban lifted by  Carter today. Openness &amp; inclusivity will make our armed forces stronger
Investing in research, planning &amp; care can improve outcomes for Alzheimer's patients. My @FauquierDotCom op-ed 
Los 3,5 millones de habitantes de Puerto Rico son estadounidenses y merecen mejor. Espero seguir contribuyendo al debate
The  million people who call Puerto Rico home are US citizens &amp; they deserve better. I look forward to continuing to engage on this issue
Quisiera que el Senado hubiera considerado enmiendas para proteger los intereses de puertorriqueños y darles mayor voz
Wish Senate could have considered amendments to better protect Puerto Rico residents' interests &amp; give them stronger voice in the process
Legislacion sobre Puerto Rico no es perfecta pero si es necesaria. No cumplir con los pagos sería perjudicial
Puerto Rico bill is far from perfect, but it is necessary. A default on the debt would have pushed the island into uncharted territory
We've already wasted too much time. Congress should restart negotiations on  virus prevention funding 
This bill will help families make smart decisions when they take out loans by providing comprehensive financial guidance earlier
Just intro'd a bill w/@MarkWarner @SenCoryGardner &amp; @SenDeanHeller to help student borrowers make informed decisions 
The violence must end. Horrific attack in , a beautiful city. My heart goes out to families &amp; loved ones of those killed or injured
Urge my GOP colleagues to abandon this partisan distraction &amp; immediately engage in a new round of talks. My stmt: 
 poses a serious threat across the country, yet Republicans would rather play politics than pass funding to combat the virus
 ruling on Texas law is a major win for women &amp; families, as well as the fight to expand reproductive freedom for all 
Applaud  for seeing Texas law for what it is: an attempt to undermine a woman's right to make her own healthcare choices 
One year ago, love won. Proud to stand with the LGBT community today and always. We must work to fight intolerance &amp; hate 
Hoping everyone in Covington is safe this morning. Stay clear of flooded areas &amp; contact the Alleghany Co Sheriff's Office if you need help
Saddened to hear about the passing of Dickenson County native Ralph Stanley. Will be Listening to some Clinch Mountain Boys in his memory
 was a sign of unity that will make our party stronger. Time for meaningful reform the American people support 
It is a sad day when one branch of government believes it can gain political advantage by undermining another branch
Split rulings in two cases today shows how destructive the Republican blockade on filling the  is to the rule of law 
While Congress continues to refuse to fix a broken  system, I will continue to do everything I can to support @POTUS's effort
 immigration ruling on  &amp;  is a setback, but the fight to bring millions of families out of the shadows is far from over
Joined @NewDay to discuss  &amp; why it should be commonsense to prevent terrorists from buying a gun 
House Dems are on a roll. Just saw my friend @repbobbyscott speaking at  in support of commonsense gun reform. Keep it up!
Joining CNN @NewDay at 7:15am. Hope you can tune in!
Saw @VirginiaWestern's  exhibit! It was selected as a @NSF finalist for the Community College Challenge 
Proud to be sitting in on House floor with @repjohnlewis. Congress has to stop being bystanders to gun violence 
Heading to the House floor to cheer on my Democratic colleagues who have had . Time to take action on gun violence 
Excited to cheer on @USSoccer tonight versus Argentina. We believe in you!    🇺🇸
Great speech from @HillaryClinton earlier. I agree, we cannot allow the self-proclaimed "King of Debt" Trump to roll the dice on our economy
If you're too dangerous to fly, you shouldn't be able to buy a gun. Proud to support bipartisan proposal to fix this 
Joining @SenatorCollins &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp soon to intro bipartisan proposal to keep guns from terrorists. Live here 
Appalled at the failure to pass post-Orlando gun reform measures yesterday. Joining @1140WRVA at 9:35 to discuss  
When our compassion is tested, we can't turn our backs on those fleeing disasters or the savagery of war  
We need to stop being bystanders and take action on gun violence. Hope we will reconsider &amp; act on this issue before another tragedy strikes
This is appalling. Keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists &amp; implementing background checks on private sales should be commonsense
Honored to address inaugural class of  Presidential Scholars today. Photo here with all the scholars! 
America’s future success depends on how well we invest in the education. Will keep working on ways to increase access to 
Today’s  Presidential Scholars demonstrate the current renaissance in career and technical fields
Applaud @WhiteHouse for recognizing the inspiring work of some of the country’s brightest students in CTE &amp; other academic fields today!
Standing with @MarkWarner &amp; @MayorBowser shortly after touring deteriorating parts of Memorial Bridge 
RT @MarkWarner: Getting ready to join @timkaine &amp; @MayorBowser on a tour to see Memorial Bridge's deterioration firsthand …
Proud to join Virginians and people across the nation in recognizing  today
Wishing a very happy  to all the loving dads in VA and across the country today!
Congratulations to @USSoccer for advancing to the  semi-finals!  You make us proud!!   🇺🇸
Joining South Carolinians &amp; Americans alike today in remembering the  lost too soon at Emanuel AME Church one year ago
Hoping everyone in Henrico County is staying safe after last night’s severe storms. Report downed wires by calling 866-DOM-HELP
Good luck to @USSoccer in their big game tonight!   🇺🇸
Discussed last night’s  and why I’ve had  when it comes to inaction on gun reform w/@ABC7News. Tune in at 6pm.
It's time to stop being bystanders on . Let's cast a vote  
My remarks from the floor during last night's powerful  to force action on   
We can honor the victims of Orlando by taking action now. Honored to  tonight with colleagues. Amazing job by @ChrisMurphyCT
Headed to  . Virginians have had  when it comes to gun violence. Watch live on CSPAN2 
Brian shared how his bank offers an innovative way to increase savings among lower-income Americans
Honored to introduce Brian Plum, President of @MyBlueRidgeBank at today's Aging Committee hearing 
Wouldn't miss it. Planning to be on the floor later tonight   
 and ! Happy 80th Birthday, @VAStateParks! Find your Virginia State Park today: 
Four years ago, young hardworking  got the opportunity to no longer live in the shadows  Progress, but still need 
I’ve had  too. Applauding my colleagues today who are taking a stand to bring about commonsense reforms to prevent gun violence
Joining @mitchellreports soon on  on @MSNBC. Tune in!
Discussed the Orlando shooting &amp; the right steps we can take in Congress to address gun violence on @Morning_Joe 
Watch @SCOTUSnom Garland deliver the commencement address at  Elementary School now: 
RT @SCOTUSnom: Today, Judge Garland delivers a commencement speech for the  elementary school where he's spent years tutoring: https://…
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 7:20AM. Tune in!
Met with Sheriff Mike Chapman today. Thank you to @LoudounSheriff for protecting the communities you bravely serve 
Thanking all the men and women in the @USArmy - past and present - on it's 241st birthday today 
Met with Virginia @girlscouts today in Washington who are celebrating 100 years of the ! 
Reflected on the tragedy in Orlando this morning &amp; my continued push for a new  against ISIL on @WTOP 
Discussing the Orlando shootings at 7:50am with WIQO in Lynchburg. Listen in here: 
Joining Mike &amp; Joan on @WTOP at 7:30 to discuss the tragedy in Orlando. Tune in here: 
Horrific &amp; senseless tragedy in Orlando. My heart goes out to the loved ones of those lost &amp; wounded at this incredibly difficult time
Welcome home!  
Pleased the new embassy security training center at Fort Pickett is creating jobs &amp; opportunities for VA businesses 
 in Virginia and the US can now request parole to reunite with their family members: 
Will continue to champion issues for the Filipino American community &amp; ensure we never forget the important contributions of WWII 
New @USCIS policy will allow  to receive care from loving family members who have waited years, even decades, to reunite in the US
Honored to join @maziehirono &amp; @SenatorReid in announcing @USCIS program to reunite  with their families 
RT @SenatorDurbin: I commend @OAS_official Secretary General Almagro's efforts to bring attention to the need for peaceful resolution to th…
Shocked &amp; saddened by today's violent terror attack in Tel Aviv. The  stands with Israel in mourning the loss of life &amp; seeking justice
New report &amp; mapping tool on health disparities in NoVa region. Despite high rankings, disparities still exist: 
Strategic importance of the US-India relationship is growing every year. My full statement here: 
Encouraged by increased cooperation b/t US-India on defense issues &amp; combatting  
Honored to hear Prime Minister Modi’s vision for India before a joint session of Congress in the  Capitol today 
Felicidades a @USSoccer por su victoria decisiva anoche en !!  🇺🇸
Congratulations to @USSoccer for a decisive win last night in !!  🇺🇸
 reform was named after the late NJ Sen. Frank Lautenberg. His leadership on this bill will never be forgotten!
 clears away a bureaucratic obstacle that has prevented regulation of asbestos, a known carcinogen, for the past 25 years
Proud Senate sent  to @POTUS with unanimous support. The good faith shown in this process is a model for future legislative cooperation
We must be more proactive responding to  virus. Urging @StateDept to protect servicemembers &amp; Americans abroad 
Excited to join so many friends on a special edition of @jfradioshow! Tune in at 7:35AM 
Joining @wmalnews at 7:15am to discuss @HillaryClinton's historic primary wins last night  
Now it's time for us to come together to ensure we send @HillaryClinton to the White House 
History made! So proud to call @HillaryClinton our presumptive nominee 
My full statement on the  amendments I introduced today on the  here: 
Short of ISIL-specific  this year, it's my hope we can revise 2001  to better tailor US fight against terrorism &amp; clarify mission
RT @lizchar: Wild horse spotting on Assateague  
RT @lizchar: Spent the weekend at my favorite park, Assateague Island  
Congrats to @NASA_Wallops on its groundbreaking last Friday for a new Mission Launch Command Center
Honored to be a part of today's  ceremony at the @DDayMemorial. @WDBJ7 will cover it at 11am: 
Today, we remember the valor, devotion and sacrifice of the Allied Forces on 
Ramadan Kareem to Muslims in Virginia and across the world during this holy month
Muhammad Ali was an inspiration worldwide. His contributions to sport and athletes were invaluable 
Rooting for the  tonight as they kick off ! RT to show your support! @ussoccer  🇺🇸
We know  will be inconvenient for commuters, but safety work is long overdue. WMATA is finally stepping up, which is a good sign
As  surge begins tomorrow, stay updated on impacts to OR/SV lines: 
 Productivity the public sees when the Senate works best. Today marks 30 yrs of @CSPAN broadcasting the floor 
My take on why Donald Trump poses an unprecedented risk to our country in today's @Daily_Press: 
Anyone who missed @HillaryClinton's speech today should go back and watch - she clearly laid out why Trump is unfit to be Commander in Chief
Saddened by the loss of Delegate Jackie Stump, a great public servant for our Commonwealth who served SW Virginia admirably.
RT @POTUS: We cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal. We must take action to prevent this from happening again &amp; again.…
Learn more about the CDC Research on Firearms Safety or Gun Violence Prevention Act &amp; Fix Gun Checks Act 
Announced my support for a bill that dramatically strengthens background record checks on all private &amp; online firearm sales 
Proud to support a bill that would lift a de facto 20-year ban on firearms safety &amp; gun violence prevention research at @CDCgov 
Congress cannot be complacent when gun violence remains so prevalent in American society  
Unlike Trump, @HillaryClinton has a comprehensive plan to support our veterans, troops, and their families: 
RT @NeffGould: Mt Rogers. Highest peak in VA!    
RT @TimBialecki: .@timkaine Heard little devils stairs is a favorite hike of yours. Great call!    https:…
Our fallen heroes will never be forgotten. Grateful to the servicemembers who have protected our nation  
Hey VA! Going to a national park on ? Send me your best photos using . I'll RT my favs 
RT @WMLawSchool: The Education of Senator @TimKaine: @VALW story on remarks at @WMLawSchool  graduation   https://t.…
Laura Holgate confirmed as @iaeaorg ambassador. Important position, esp for  oversight. Confident she has experience to do the job well
RT @HokiePedro: Fun day at wolf trap!  
Congrats to Kyra, Tejas and Edwin on their great performances this week (h/t @philosophykat for catching my mistake earlier)
Good luck to Virginians Hannah, Tejas, and Edwin in the @ScrippsBee finals today!    
May is . @BlueStarFamily study shows economic cost of employment challenges: 
Honored to speak to leaders in the Jewish American community today for Jewish American Heritage Month  
Congrats to @UVAMensTennis on back to back national championships!  
Happy 75th birthday to legendary musician &amp; civil rights advocate Bob Dylan. Enjoying some Dylan classics in the office today
Discussing  &amp; elevating  cyber posture at @CSIS. Watch live: 
Proud to be honored by the @CFTNI tonight with my colleague @SenPatRoberts!
Good luck to @DCCPR men's baseball as they take on Montgomery College for the District D Championship Series today  !
RT @NARALVirginia: Thank you Virginia's Sen. @timkaine for introducing Access to Birth Control Act to protect access at pharmacies: https:/…
RT @CyberCSIS: Where do we stand on info sharing after the Cybersecurity Act? @timkaine  will discuss this topic @CSIS on 5/24 https:/…
No woman’s access to contraception should be denied at the pharmacy counter after she has made a decision with her doctor
Joining colleagues on a bill to defend the freedom of women's healthcare choices: 
Bill also includes important emergency supplemental funding to prevent spread of  virus. Important as we move into the summer months
Glad the Senate could pass a  / MilCon / VetAffairs approps bill with solid provisions for Virginia: 
Intro'd bill to promote apprenticeships-goal is to help more students, workers &amp; employers compete in global economy 
Saddened at the passing of @CBSnews &amp; @60Minutes legend Morley Safer. A master of his craft who will be dearly missed.
Joined @maddow last night to discuss the obstruction of President's @SCOTUSnom &amp; how it's being perceived  
Congrats to @TCCva on the national designation for its  program!
Joining @maddow tonight to discuss continued @SCOTUSnom obstruction &amp; how it's perceived. Tune in at 9:15
Great meeting with Mayor Roger Vance today to discuss infrastructure and the latest in Hillsboro! 
Protecting our airports, surface transportation, and travelers through substantial security measures is vital and paramount
Joining colleagues in calling for increased TSA funding to help address long wait times &amp; ensure security 
We must help those fleeing the unspeakable violence in Syria. Refugees are the most carefully vetted of travelers to the US 
Urging the Administration to fulfill commitment to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees this fiscal year  
The obligation for communities to affirmatively further  is not new. RT if you stand against attempts to weaken the AFFH rule
It is fiction to say AFFH mandates changes to zoning laws, requires people to move, or ends local control of community planning 
AFFH lets communities make informed planning &amp; investment decisions that break down barriers that stand in the way of  choice
AFFH rule is at the core of  Act. It's about expanding opportunity, investing in communities, and giving people choice
Affirmatively Furthering  (AFFH) rule protects people from housing discrimination, providing justice and equality for all
We cannot blind ourselves to how our actions are perceived. It’s time for a hearing &amp; vote on Judge Garland’s nomination 
ICYMI: my speech on unprecedented obstruction of @SCOTUSnom &amp; the dangerous message it sends to the American public 
It was great to see members of the Danville Youth Council checking out the Capitol today! 
Congratulations to Eric Fanning, the new Secretary of the @USArmy
RT @ChrisCoons:  reminds why a full, functioning  is so critical to addressing the most pressing challenges our country…
Refusal to consider this President's @SCOTUSnom - the first African American president - feeds a painful perception among many constituents
I don't know the majority's motivations, but I want to share how this obstruction appears to many in Virginia
In that spirit, heading to floor at 4pm w/@SenatorCardin @CoryBooker @SenBlumenthal re: unprecedented obstruction of @SCOTUSnom 
Senate did its job by considering &amp; confirming a  nominee to ensure Brown v. Board had 9 justices to rule on this important matter
 in 1954,  ruled the promise of equality could not be denied to schoolchildren based on the color of their skin in Brown v. Board
There shouldn't be a stigma surrounding  programs in society. They are proven solutions for creating jobs &amp; retraining workers
The acquisition of  skills, whether it be welding, carpentry, or computer sciences, is a great path to success in life
In Senate, I have made  my edu priority. I've intro'd bipartisan bills that promote integration of CTE into the academic track
Just wrapped my testimony on  for the House
@EdWorkforce Committee. Here are some 
Watch the hearing live here  @edworkforcedems 

On my way to testify on importance of passing Perkins CTE Act for future of  cc: @edworkforcedems
As a beneficiary of dual enrollment, I applaud @usedgov’s experimental
site program. Will benefit students &amp; help cut the cost of higher-ed
Fantastic news that Central VA CC and @germannacc were selected to
take part in experimental Pell Grant program for dual enrollment
students
Honored to address @VMInews class of 2016 on  and  global leadership in Lexington. Good luck and godspeed! 
Excited to deliver the commencement address for @VMInews class of 2016. Watch live at 11:00am 
Co-prescribing naloxone with opioid medications can help save lives. Learn more about my bill here: 
Hoping for more bipartisan work in Congress to address this epidemic. Families and communities across VA &amp; US depending on us to lead
Opioid abuse doesn't discriminate, it can affect anyone. Proud to be working in the Senate to increase access to treatment resources
Important weekly address from @POTUS with @Macklemore on addressing opioid abuse: 
Proud  includes many provisions that will benefit Virginia’s hardworking defense community. My full statement: 
Happy independence day to the State of Israel. The bond between our nations remains strong and vital to our mutual security and prosperity
Energy &amp; Water Appropriations bill has passed the Senate with several VA priorities @MarkWarner and I fought for: 
Congrats to Bruce Smith! Hall of Fame defensive end from Norfolk and all-time @VT_Football and @NFL leader in sacks 
Joined @MarkWarner to intro a resolution honoring the life &amp; legacy of General George Marshall through @GeoCMarshallFou’s museum and library
These brave pilots served our nation admirably and deserve this special recognition. Glad Congress could right this wrong
Proud the bill I cosponsored to give Women @usairforce Service Pilots burial rights at @ArlingtonNatl will be law 
Thinking of Officers Dermyer &amp; Guindon during . Let's honor them and all the officers who serve to protect us every day
Applaud @USTradeRep in challenging China on fair trade @WTO. Poultry #1 ag commodity of #1 VA industry 
Congrats to Jacqueline Firster of Abingdon  in Arlington on being named  for leading the classroom in 
Spoke with students of the @ArmyWarCollege class of 2016 today. Congrats, and thank you for serving 
Watch @NOVA_Prez share his thoughts on  &amp; preparing students for college and beyond cc: @NovaAccess @All4Ed
Live now, Senate Career and Technical Education Caucus &amp; @All4Ed holding a briefing on  for students 
Joining @mitchellreports now on  to discuss foreign policy and the important role it will play in . Tune to @MSNBC
Thanks to all who participated! Virginia agencies and the @DEAHQ will look to organize another one in the fall
31,000 lbs of Rx drugs were collected in VA during last month's Take Back Day. A great success that will keep unused opioids off the streets
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoying time with my parents &amp; Anne this weekend in 
My prayers are with Johnny Joannou's family; an accomplished public servant who will be missed by his former colleagues &amp; those he served
My full statement w/ @MarkWarner on the @wmata repair plan: 
We’ve waited years to see a take-charge plan to deal w/ Metro’s safety issues. Plan announced today grasps the urgency of the situation. 2/3
Metro riders deserve better than the new normal of near-daily smoke incidents, power outages, arcing insulators &amp; service disruptions. 1/3
Abingdon has been nominated for @BudgetTravel’s coolest Small Town in America. Vote today!  
Hoy reconocemos la valentía de los mexicanos en la Batalla de Puebla y la importancia de las contribuciones de Mex a EEUU que perduran
Congrats to Caroline Taylor, RN &amp; President of Taylor Made Diagnostics, for winning the 2016 VA  POY! Week 
 keeps the Commonwealth's economy strong &amp; innovative. Best wishes on a good  expo today to the @RestonChamber Week
I joined Senate colleagues last week to request more resources for testing drinking water in schools for contaminants
Lead contamination in Flint has highlighted the importance of investing in prevention and mitigation resources at the federal level
RT @MarkWarner: .@TimKaine &amp; I urged @usedgov 4 comprehensive guidance on protections 4 transgender &amp; gender non-conforming students https:…
 Americans have fought for our country, served as leaders in our communities &amp; made an immeasurable impact on our history HM2016
It's Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander Heritage Month, a time to celebrate the influence of the  community in VA and across the country
As a parent I've seen the difference teachers can make in students' lives. RT to thank VA's hardworking teachers 
RT @SenFranken: As states like NC try to limit rights of  people, I’m urging @usedgov to clarify Title IX protections. More: https://t…
Joining my colleagues in urging @usedgov to clarify legal protections for  students across the country 
Taking questions on education on @Quora. Send me your Qs, and I'll post my thoughts this Wednesday at 3:00pm ET 
The drone that made the historic delivery of medical supplies to @ramusaorg in Wise is heading to @airandspace! 
El Senado aprobó una resolución que copatrociné respaldando los esfuerzos de Colombia en solucionar el conflicto armado pacificamente
Senate passed a resolution this week that I cosponsored to support Colombia's efforts to pursue peace and end the nation's armed conflict
Joining the @Morning_Joe crew at 7:40am to talk foreign policy &amp; yesterday's hearing on the counter-ISIL operation.
RT @chefjoseandres: @timkaine @DogTagBakery proud that my @WCKitchen is a small partner in their amazing success!!!
Learn how @DogTagBakery is helping veterans find jobs &amp; get the education they need to succeed in civilian life: 
The folks at @DogTagBakery are helping empower our nation's veterans &amp; their families   
Great seeing VA @steelworkers reps yesterday to talk workers' rights &amp; their important contributions to VA's economy 
With passage of a Senate resolution yesterday, we unanimously agreed the economic bonds between the  and Israel must remain strong.
Watch today's Armed Services Committee hearing on counter-ISIL operations &amp; Middle East strategy here at 9:30am: 
Berna couldn't afford a drug she needs b/c of 's sudden price hike business model. She tells her story today 
At 3:30, I'll introduce Williamsburg's Berna Heyman who was a victim of 's drastic Rx price hikes: 
RT @GovernorVA: .@GovernorVA encourages all Virginians to prepare for mosquito season by visiting @VDHgov Zika website …
The Southwest Virginia Medical Reserve Corps was awarded for their 2015 Rx drug take-back efforts. Congrats and thank you! @VDHgov
Saturday is National Rx Drug Take-Back Day. Disposing unused Rx drugs responsibly can help save lives:  @VDHgov
Increasing access to K-12 computer science prepares students for in-demand, high-skill jobs  
Hey Virginians! Headed to a national park this weekend? Send me your best photos using . I'll RT my favorites 
Nice photo! As a reminder, here are tips to stay safe among the wildlife in @ShenandoahNPS  
Wishing for a joyous and reflective Passover to families celebrating in Virginia and across the world. Chag Sameach!
RT @adamtlewis: Gaines Mill Battlefield, Hanover County VA 

@RichmondNPS @timkaine  
On , let's recognize our planet's natural beauty &amp; help preserve it by combatting  
The right to vote makes up the very fabric of our democracy and now 200,000 more Virginians can exercise this right thanks to @GovernorVA
Signing the Paris Climate Agreement marks the start of a worldwide effort to reduce carbon pollution &amp; save our planet 
!  to Queen Elizabeth II's Virginia visit for the 400th birthday of Jamestown 
Honored to meet @SCOTUSnom Merrick Garland today. The Senate must consider such a highly qualified nominee 
Visiting a VA National Park during ? Send me photos using  and I'll RT my favorites!  
Celebrate  by helping get . Free admission for 4th graders all year!  
Proud to support the  &amp; this bipartisan effort on   
Met GEN Lori Robinson who's been nominated to head @NoradNorthcom &amp; would be 1st female to lead a combatant command 
Positive relationships between faith groups &amp; law enforcement build more resilient communities 
Excellent choice!  fought tirelessly for freedom  
Excited to join colleagues @ChrisCoons &amp; @SenatorLankford for a discussion on @pewresearch's report: America’s Changing Religious Landscape
RT @ChrisCoons: Please join us tomorrow at 2pm for a discussion w @pewresearch, @timkaine &amp; @SenatorLankford on faith in America: https://t…
.@SCOTUSnom Merrick Garland’s work to bring justice in the tragic  case 21 years ago underscores his qualifications for 
RT @AbbeyCompton: Easy climbing and great views at Great Falls National Park  @timkaine 
Urging my GOP colleagues to approve @POTUS's emergency funding request to stem spread of Zika Virus at home &amp; abroad 
Send me photos using , I'll RT my favorites this week    
Happy ! It's free to visit parks across the country, so don't hesitate to   
 debe mantener  y  en vigor que han mantenido los Orellana de Arlignton juntos 
 must uphold  &amp; , which have kept the Orellanas of Arlington together  
 &amp;  could help 91,000 VA families register w/the government &amp; work as legal residents to support their families 
My heart goes out to the victims of the deadly earthquake in Ecuador. The  stands ready to assist in recovery &amp; humanitarian efforts
Praying for the wounded in the aftermath of today's bus bombing in Jerusalem
Let's be  in remembrance of the lives we lost too soon 9 years ago today 
 vet Jesse Baltazar fought hard to get Filipino American vets the recognition they deserve. He will be missed. 
Muchas gracias a la familia Orellana de Arlington por compartir como beneficiarían de    
We are a nation of immigrants and our policies should bring families together, not tear them apart  
Appreciate the Orellana family of Arlington sharing their story with me about how they stand to benefit from   
Christian is a powerful advocate for childhood cancer awareness. Learn more about his story here  
Met  Child Christian Fagala of Quantico &amp; his family today!  cc: @Op_Homefront 
Saluting the sailors aboard the USS Harry S. Truman (CVN 75) who are helping take the fight to ISIL @aircraftcarrier 
Congrats to Virginian @StevenChabinsky, who was just appointed as a member of the @CommerceGov Cyber Commission
Tomorrow, Salem Veterans Affairs Medical Center &amp; @vaemploy will host the 5th Annual Veterans-Only Job Fair. Info: 
Oliver Singleton was a dear friend whose work helped lift up the  community. My prayers are with his family
RT @HikeMoreVA: @timkaine Had the absolute pleasure trecking  @ShenandoahNPS   …
Just wrapped a meeting with  GM Wiedefeld to discuss safety, operations, and steps to improve @wmata service 
Happy Birthday to President Thomas Jefferson! @HamiltonMusical 
VA is for state park lovers too!  
RT @dsoderstrom:  photos from @ManassasNPS 
RT @IGMaklielski: @timkaine   White Oak Canyon 
Joining the @Morning_Joe crew at 7:40am. Hope you can tune in!
Already seeing people use  to send me photos from their trip to a VA National Park! Keep them coming!  
RT @CarolDWoodward: Chippokes @VAStateParks along the James River    @timkaine 
RT @emilywhitworth:  Moormans River, Albemarle County @timkaine 
RT @h2osusie:  Shenandoah NP  @timkaine 
RT @sarahkarlene: An almost-3-months-old L on her first forced march!


 
At today's  hearing, discussed  strategy to effectively combat homegrown extremism &amp; ISIL: 
Applaud  efforts of @OIA. Let's get kids outdoors (hopefully in a National Park!) 
.@AAUW reports median earnings for men in VA were $52,864 compared to $42,445 for women. Must ensure all workers have equal pay 
According to @nwlc, today's wage gap will cost women in VA $416K over the course of a 40-year career 
 is discussing the spread of ISIL this morning. I'll be calling for an  to define &amp; shape the US mission 
Honored to speak today with @SCActionNetwork @SavetheChildren advocates  
This merger would’ve been detrimental to competition and Virginia jobs
Canadian Pacific receded its threat to take over Norfolk Southern. Glad to have been among first to raise serious concerns about this
Send me your best VA National Park photos using  all year. I'll retweet the best!  
RT @OIA: We 💛 senators who talk the talk AND walk the  walk. Great view, @timkaine!   …
Amazing view from the summit of Stony Man trail in @ShenandoahNPS    
The top of the Stony Man trail!     
More from the trail! Important to maintain our parks for future generations   ! 
Start of the Stony Man Trail this morning in    ! 
Just wrapped a hike in @ShenandoahNPS to kick off my  celebration  ! @NatlParkService Photos 
RT @WTOP: You may run into @timkaine on one Va. hiking trail

Spoke about the legacy of Reston founder Bob Simon today on Founder's Day. Here w/ his wife Cheryl &amp; @GerryConnolly 
Spoke about the legacy of Reston founder Bob Simon today on Founder's Day. Here w/ his wife Cheryl &amp; @GerryConnolly 
Excited to be discussing my work on the  &amp; world affairs tomorrow at the @Kennedy_School w/@sethmoulton 
.@TheJusticeDepartment announced funding to help at-risk youth find career pathways. VA justice orgs can apply here 
Pleased with strong bipartisan vote for the amendment I’ve been pushing to strengthen airport security. Details here 
I'm calling for stronger security in baggage claim areas &amp; check-in lines at VA airports. Joined @fox5dc to discuss: 
Virginia is home to over 100 craft breweries. Find one near you here:   
RT @sethmoulton: Thanks to @Kennedy_School for inviting me back for an event this Friday with my friend @timkaine. Hope you join us! https:…
Joining @WTOP to discuss why I'm calling for stronger security at VA airports, as well as the latest with  
About to discuss my upcoming hike at @ShenandoahNPS to kick off my  celebration with @WSVA550  
Joining @fox5dc soon to discuss my call for strengthened security at @Reagan_Airport &amp; @Dulles_Airport: 
RT @MarkWarner: Working w/ @timkaine to include provisions in the FAA bill to strengthen airport security to keep Virginians safe. https://…
40 million travelers pass through @Dulles_Airport &amp; @Reagan_Airport per year. We must strengthen airport security 
You can catch the full interview tonight on @NewsChannel8 at 8:30pm and 11:30pm
Spoke with @News8NewsTalk earlier on Iran's compliance with the nuclear deal &amp; @SCOTUSnom obstruction by Senate GOP 
140,000 people 65 &amp; older are living w/Alzheimer's in VA w/number expected to reach 190,000 by 2025. We can't wait any longer to 
In 2016, Medicaid costs of caring for people with Alzheimer's in VA will exceed $860 million. It's time to 
Met with members of Virginia @alzassociation chapters today. Let's end this disease once and for all  
More than 5 million Americans are living with  and that number is going up. Let’s support @NIH research and 
Did you know 1 in 3 Medicaid dollars are spent on 's care? It’s time to increase @NIH funding and 
Today, @SenateAging is discussing our progress to . Watch live at 
Senate Dems are discussing the unprecedented obstruction by the GOP on @SCOTUSnom right now  
 anti-LGBT law permits discrimination, plain and simple. Americans must stand up against these hateful, unjust laws 
GEN Austin's leadership has been invaluable to our country &amp; servicemembers. Thank you for 41 years of service cc: @CENTCOM
Congrats to @DanMalloyCT. We must be a compassionate nation   
Honored to address the International Association of Fire Fighters &amp; @TheVAPFF today at   @IAFFNewsDesk 
Martin Luther King, Jr's words are everlasting and the  must always uphold the values of freedom, justice and equality 
The @PvilleGazette agrees that GOP senators should meet with @SCOTUSnom &amp; hold hearings  
The Lynchburg @newsadvance agrees that there is no precedent to deny @SCOTUSnom Garland a hearing &amp; vote  
Thank you @NLIHC for letting me share my experiences fighting for fair housing at today's  forum 
Excited to discuss my time in  fighting for fair housing practices at the @NLIHC's policy forum this afternoon 
John Miller was a longtime friend &amp; great public servant. Sending my deepest sympathies to his wife Sharron and his district that he loved
Equality among all members of our armed forces will make our military more cohesive and stronger in today’s modern world
.@DeptofDefense should repeal its policy that deters practicing Sikh American soldiers from serving their country: 
No one should have to choose b/t his or her religion &amp; service to our country. Pleased w/@USArmy’s long-term accommodation for Capt. Singh
RT @TheVaPFF: Thank You for joining us today! @timkaine 
Great tour of @WestRock's Covington paper mill &amp; packaging center today! A large employer in the region. 
We must work hard to secure non-discrimination protections &amp; fight back against anti-LGBT legislation across the country 
Honored to speak at @HRC's 15th Annual Leadership Summit this morning about  &amp; fighting discrimination 
Deeply saddened by the loss of Trooper Chad Dermyer. @VSPPIO risk everything to keep us safe &amp; all of VA mourns this senseless loss
Terrible news out of Richmond today. Praying for those wounded at the Greyhound station &amp; first responders
Toured the @MotonMuseum today in Farmville, site of the historic  student strike led by Barbara Johns 
I stand with the members of the  who are fighting for  from  Soccer. Women deserve equality, not 40% less of a paycheck
RT @alzassociation: Alzheimer's disease is devastating families &amp; communities. RT to :   https:…
Increasing access to information &amp; support services can help alleviate the burden of Alzheimer’s on families across VA 
Applaud @GovernorVA for vetoing a bill that would have permitted  discrimination in VA. Everyone deserves full equality under the law
Joined @MarkWarner @SenatorCardin urging full approps funding for  to improve efficiency &amp; safety  
Chincoteague has been nominated by @USATODAY for the Best Coastal Small Town 2016! Submit your vote here: 
Congrats to @UVAMensHoops Malcolm Brogdon, just named a first-team @AP All-American! 1st  since Ralph Sampson to earn this distinction
Applaud @POTUS &amp; @HHSgov for investing in more resources today to fight the prescription  and heroin epidemic in America
Thx @GovernorVA for vetoing HB1090. Planned Parenthood provides essential preventive care for millions of women &amp; I'm proud to 
It's shameful to deny a superbly qualified @SCOTUSnom a hearing &amp; vote . My @PilotNews op-ed 
Relieved that Capitol Hill staffers and visitors are safe. Grateful, as always, for the @CapitolPolice's service
Heartbroken by the heinous Easter attack on innocent women and children in Pakistan. Praying for peace and justice.
A tough loss to take, but the Wahoos had a fantastic season. Congrats to @UVAMensHoops &amp; Coach Bennett, you make VA proud!!
Let's go ! Excited to watch as @UVAMensHoops plays for a spot in their first  since 1984 
Wishing a wonderful Easter to everyone celebrating in VA from Anne &amp; me !
The Hoos are Elite!! What a win tonight, congrats to Coach Bennett and @UVAMensHoops 
Hosted a session on Quora to answer questions about unprecedented GOP obstruction to @SCOTUSnom Garland  
 is curable but kills 3 people every minute. On  let’s all lend our voice to confronting this deadly disease
Six years ago, @POTUS signed the  into law. Now, more than 20 million Americans have gained access to healthcare coverage works
Congrats to @OrbitalATK for a successful  launch to the @Space_Station! 
RT @HillaryClinton: These terrorists seek to undermine the democratic values that are the foundation of our way of life. They will never su…
Too many innocent lives lost in the savage Brussels attacks. My heart goes out to Belgian people as they seek to find those responsible
Wishing the best for @POTUS during his ongoing . Reestablished relations will help open doors of opportunity for its people
The @VCURamNation played hard until the end and congrats on a great season 
What a win by @UVAMensHoops. Cavs are Sweet Sixteen bound!  
Great win by @VCURamNation!! On to the next round  
Congrats to @usairforce GEN Lori Robinson who will be nominated to head US Northern Command-would be first woman to be a combatant commander
Congrats to @JMUWBasketball on a great season and making it to the the big dance !!
The @SCOTUSnom battle is one for the institution of the Senate. GOP has no excuse to refuse to hold hearings 
From the @PilotNews today on @SCOTUSnom battle: "This is a partisan maneuver. Nothing more." : 
McConnell's "refusal even to consider anyone Obama nominates has no principled rationale whatsoever." - @RTDNEWS 
An excellent treat for !  
Wahoowa! @UVAMensHoops advances in . Congrats to @Hampton_MBB on a great season.
Challenge accepted!  
Pleased to see @USArmy placing women into combat units &amp; command roles. Everyone must have the opportunity to serve to their full potential
Celebrated @USArmy Women's History Month today; great event organized by the Army Women's Museum in Fort Lee, VA 
RT @RepScottRigell: RT to show your support for our Virginia teams competing in @NCAA’s ! 
RT @SenCapito: Glad @GOPHELP Committee passed my bill w/ @timkaine to address the opioid &amp; heroin epidemic: 
RT @GovernorVA: As we transform high school in VA, @timkaine leads effort in Congress to orient education to 21 century skills/jobs. https:…
Happy ! Thanks to @The19thStBand for letting me join you at  to play some favorite tunes 
Merrick Garland would make an excellent  justice. Talking with @NewsRadioWINA soon to discuss cc: @SCOTUSnom
About to join @1140WRVA to discuss why the Senate has no excuse to obstruct an extremely qualified @SCOTUSnom. Tune in!
Glad that  service can re-open tomorrow morning at 5am. Not all repairs are complete. Tough day but we saw why this was necessary
RT @WTOP: Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld: This is a frayed cable  this is why the system was shut down. 
Here are my picks for @marchmadness this year. : @KUnews, @UVA, @VCU, and @XavierUniv. Winner? ! 
RT @irlfunds: Big decision @timkaine We know you'll make the right choice! Looking forward to honoring you at   …
When you can’t decide which harmonica to play at tonight's   @irlfunds 
Hoping NoVa commuters are ok today . Tough decision, but one inconvenient day is preferable to another tragedy
I commend @POTUS for fulfilling his constitutional duty. It’s time for the Senate to do the same. Cc: @SCOTUSNom
Garland earned enthusiastic support from Ds &amp; Rs in the past; leaves Senate GOP no excuse for obstructing confirmation process. 
.@SCOTUSNom Merrick Garland is a well-respected jurist with impeccable qualifications and unrivaled experience
Right call by @USOPM  
Employers across the region - including @USOPM - should offer employees flexibility tomorrow as they face limited transit options 
While Metro closure will be a major inconvenience for riders, it signals new  management is doing whatever it takes to ensure safety
Tomorrow the Senate HELP committee will be considering my bill to increase access to naloxone: 
Just released @CDCgov guidelines highlight importance of discussing co-prescribing naloxone w/opioids: 
Policy changes take time (new GM in Nov, new fed safety policies in Dec) but these incidents can't keep happening: 
Great to see my Fredericksburg trip feat by @CivilWarwp. Proud funds I helped secure will preserve VA battlefields 
Love seeing @UVAMensHoops get a #1 seed! Congrats to @VCUramsnation &amp; @_HamptonU on also making it to the big dance 
View from Prospect Hill of the land that will be preserved through funds secured by my battlefield protection bill 
.@NatlParkService @civilwartrust &amp; I kicked off our Fredericksburg Battlefield preservation tour at Chatham Manor 
Excited to visit @missionofmercy to see firsthand the important work they do expanding dental care across  
Co-sponsored the just passed  resolution that recognizes the strong economic partnership between the US and Israel
RT @MarkHerringVA: Senate passage of  bill is great news for 1000s of VA families confronting addiction. Thanks @timkaine and @MarkWar…
 in Lebanon, VA learning how to use a life-saving Naloxone injector. Today's opioid bill will help save lives: 
Across Virginia, we continue to see the tragic consequences of opioid abuse. It has led me to 
fight this epidemic at the federal level
Proud to co-sponsor the just passed Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. It will help save lives &amp; get people drug treatment services
The Senate just showed that there is a strong bipartisan consensus to address the tragic prescription drug &amp; heroin epidemic in America
We should embrace our country's diversity, not fear it. Headed to @PressClubDC to address @NNPA_BlackPress @NAHPinc on  
Senate Judiciary members discussing paths forward on  nom today. There is only one path: providing advice &amp; consent 
Honored to meet @JustinTrudeau &amp; his wife Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau last night at the @CanEmbUSA 
Great to be in-studio with @WTOP &amp; @fox5dc this morning to talk  and more 
Senate is expected to pass a bill I co-sponsored to fight the opioid abuse crisis. Live w/@fox5dc soon to discuss: 
Joining @WTOP at 7:10am to discuss this week in the Senate,  and more. Tune in! 
Spoke with some  students from Fairfax's @WTWoodsonHS just outside my office today!  
RT @GovernorVA: Great news @PBS hit series @mercystreetpbs is coming back to VA for a 2nd season!  @VAFilmOffice …
Here's a photo from @FirstLadyVA's  event at William Ramsay Elementary School in Alexandria yesterday 
.@FirstLadyVA has been a champion for child nutrition in Virginia. Nourished minds are active minds 
It's  and every child deserves to be . Let’s make sure every child starts their day with a nutritious meal
Includes $23 million for Virginia organizations on the front lines combatting homelessness  
Talked with @UVA law professor Jonathan Cannon today in the Capitol about the urgent need to  
My soundtrack for International Women's Day? @aimeemann station on @pandora_radio 
Congress must work to close pay gap b/w men &amp; women, protect women's health care &amp; ensure our military is inclusive &amp; integrated 
It’s unacceptable only 19% of US Senate &amp; House members are women. For comparison: Rwanda is 64%, Afghanistan 28%. Time to fix this 
Very pleased @POTUS signed order for federal assistance to VA to aid recovery efforts in areas affected by the January blizzard
Powerful reminder of how far we’ve come &amp; work still ahead   
Remembering Nancy Reagan as an example of strength &amp; grace. Anne &amp; I send our deepest condolences to the Reagan family.
Congrats to @AuroraFlightSci in Manassas on being awarded @DARPA funding to continue developments on the innovative X-plane program
Reading to 4th graders at @DanielsRunES in Fairfax to mark !  
RT @DanielsRunES: Senator @timkaine reads to our fourth graders for  
Here’s a photo from the meeting, thank you for serving 
Met with @pcorpsconnect @PeaceCorps alumni volunteers today who served in Romania, Liberia, Armenia, Dominican Republic, Brazil &amp; Thailand!
Virginia currently has over 250 volunteers serving in the @PeaceCorps, and over 7,500 have served since 1961! 
It’s ! Thank you to all of the volunteers from Virginia and across the country for serving and helping those most in need
Johnston is a Captain &amp; Paramedic w/the Lynchburg Fire Department who serves her community bravely. Much deserved presidential appointment!
Congrats to Lynchburg's Abbey Johnston, who was just appointed to the Medal of Valor Review Board! cc: @lynchburggov
My thoughts exactly, we need your help urging my GOP colleagues to do so!  
First Congress, now strong &amp; unmistakable  action to hold  accountable for nuclear &amp; missiles tests
Excited to be visiting Daniels Run Elementary School in Fairfax on Friday to mark  cc: @fcpsnews
"Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!" - Dr. Suess 
If US Senators don't respect the institutions of our government on  noms, why would anyone else respect them? Senate GOP: 
Upholding TX clinic shutdown law would be detrimental to women's health. Saw similar attempts to deny women's rights in VA 
I'll be on @NPR at 8:20pm to discuss the  results in Virginia. Tune in!
Virginia is for Hillary! Congratulations to @HillaryClinton on a  primary victory here tonight 
Fantastic meeting w/Delta VA members of @dstinc1913 today! Thank you for all the hard work you do in the community 
RT @USGLC: USGLC shoutout from Sen @timkaine at  hearing, on making the case for the importance of the US International Affairs Budget…
You can keep track of @HillaryClinton in Virginia by liking her  Facebook page here: 
Watch @StationCDRKelly &amp; the crew return to Earth tonight after a ! 
Hey, @StationCDRKelly, returning to Earth just in time to vote? ; ) Safe travels home!  
Estoy con  FM La Nueva para hablar sobre mi apoyo por @Hillaryclinton y  en VA. Entonízate!
Hoy es el día de las primarias en VA! Entronízate a Radio Poder 1380 AM a las 8:15 para hablar sobre 
Congratulations to @USNavy SEAL Edward Byers Jr. who received the Medal of Honor at the White House today 
Horrible tragedy in Prince William over the weekend. Praying for Officer Guindon's family, friends and all involved.
Proud to join Latinos con Hillary on the trail for @HillaryClinton in Virginia!  
Virginia has committed to  to provide all students with high-quality educational resources. Learn more: 
Thank you to everyone for the very kind birthday wishes today!
This is why I support a bill that would keep guns out of the hands of individuals subject to a restraining order 
The shooting yesterday in Hesston, Kansas underscores the need to take seriously this epidemic of gun violence 
Joining @GerryConnolly &amp; VA delegation members supporting @aiaa's bid to host the 70th International Astronautical Congress in  in 2019
My House colleagues are right - we need the newest 7000-series Metro cars to improve service reliability &amp; safety 
Robert's voting rights were restored by @GovernorVA and I was proud to join him today
Joined first-time voter Robert Albert in Richmond this morning to cast my  ballot in the ! 
Shutting down  nomination process before it begins is a complete abdication of responsibility to defend the Constitution 
Senate has an obligation &amp; constitutional duty to advise &amp; consent on the President’s  nomination. It’s part of the job description
I'm headed to  to stand with Democratic colleagues urging Senate Republicans to hold a hearing and vote on a nominee 
Watch the    nomination press conference live today at noon here: 
To stay up to date on how to prepare for severe weather, visit  Stay safe
Applaud @POTUS for nominating Carla Hayden as the next Librarian of Congress. She is an excellent pick with vast experience
Deeply saddened by the loss of a Virginia legend, Shawsville's Sen. Madison Marye. He served his country and the Commonwealth honorably
Hoping everyone is staying safe and taking necessary precautions as severe weather moves into Virginia
While many assume opioid abuse centers on young people, this problem has a very particular &amp; dramatic impact on older Americans too
Held a hearing in Leesburg recently on opioid abuse among older Americans &amp; how the epidemic affects communities 
Senate Special Committee on Aging is holding a hearing on opioid abuse among older Americans today. Stream it here: 
 have you added your story? Tell your story to the @LibraryCongress here: 
Congrats to @LibraryCongress  history project on the 100,000th story! Watch my interview with a VA veteran: 
Throughout history our veterans have sacrificed to protect us. They deserve the timeliest, highest quality healthcare  @DAVHQ
RT @DAVHQ:  advocates from  meeting w/ lawmakers in Congress this morning about  issues.  …
Happy birthday to George Washington! He left an indelible mark on our nation and Virginia cc: @aircraftcarrier 
RT @HIIndustries: @TimKaine tells grads, friends and family: Newport News Shipbuilding is proof that American Manufacturing is alive. https…
Excited to be headed to Hampton to deliver the commencement address for @HIIndustries' The Apprentice School graduation 
Harper Lee's lessons of race and dignity inspired me to become a civil rights lawyer. Her work endures and will inspire generations to come
Wishing a very happy 89th birthday to my friend and incredible statesman for Virginia, Sen. John Warner
RT @SenateDems: WATCH: Mitch McConnell promises “an up or down vote, as has always been the case of Supreme Court nominees” 
…
The Senate has confirmed 17  justices in presidential election years. We have an obligation to consider &amp; vote on a nominee
The Senate has an obligation to consider any  nominee fairly &amp; justly  
Congrats to VA’s Peter Brooks for being named Distinguished Visiting Scholar @LibraryCongress @KlugeCtr 
Restoring commercial flights to  is another sign of the progress within our renewed relationship Policy 
Read the @ATLBlackStar story on why Congress must pass the 400 Years of African American History Act: 
W/out African Americans some of America’s crowning achievements wouldn't have been possible. My thoughts in @TheRoot 
.@doloreshuerta y yo hablamos con gente excelente en la oficina de @HillaryClinton en East Las Vegas!  
I joined @DoloresHuerta to speak to a great group here at @HillaryClinton's East Las Vegas office!  
Powerful photos from @boblazaro &amp; Northern VA delegation in Turkey helping provide critical aid to Syrian : 
Nice to see @HamiltonMusical (feat. some of VA's finest presidents) win big at the . Saw it with my daughter last year!
RT @jmartNYT: Tyler's grandson still lives on family estate, Sherwood Forest

Yes, grandson. 


Woodrow Wilson is also the only president buried in Washington,  
Wodrow Wilson was the first president with a doctorate and first to attend a World Series Game! 
Not wanting to vote against a new Commander in Chief, Zachary Taylor's first vote for president was in 1848 for himself! 
Zachary Taylor earned the nickname “Old Rough and Ready" as ambitious military officer 
John Tyler was also the first president to get married while in office 
John Tyler was the first VP to become president without being elected to the the office 
William Henry Harrison also served the shortest term in American history at only thirty days in office 
William Henry Harrison chose not to wear a hat or coat while giving the longest inaugural address in history! 
The White House was first painted with white paint from restorations during the presidency of James Monroe 
James Monroe was a student at @williamandmary before enlisting in the 3rd VA Regiment during the Revolutionary War 
James Madison was also the youngest delegate at the 1780 Continental Congress in Philadelphia 
James Madison was the shortest President, measuring 5'4'' 
Thomas Jefferson died on July 4th 1826, the 50th anniversary of  independence and same day as rival John Adams 
Thomas Jefferson loved vanilla ice cream. He brought home a recipe from France, which is now in the @librarycongress 
Nelson and Blueskin are the names to two of George Washington's horses he rode throughout the Revolutionary War 
George Washington's second inaugural address was less than two minutes! It is the shortest ever delivered 
Happy ! Virginia is home to the most Presidents, and I'll be tweeting facts on all of them today using 
Read my full statement on  here: 
Senator McConnell's statement to block any nominee to  - no matter how qualified - is a perversion of the very notion of justice
Great time last night with VEA buddies to honor amazing recipients of the Horace Mann Awards for Teaching Excellence 
Glad the Senate finally confirmed seven nominees important to  foreign policy. Next step: confirm ambassadors to Mexico and the @iaeaorg
Increasing access to naloxone will help save lives in the fight against opioid abuse and misuse: 
Sat down with students &amp; faculty from Manassas Park HS to discuss college affordability  cc: @MPCSVA 
ICYMI: I spoke about my support for sanctions against . You can watch my floor speech here: 
Joining Mike &amp; Joan on @WTOP at 7:10. Tune in! 
Live w/ @fox5dc at 6:30am to talk about my push for a commission to recognize 400 yrs of African American history 
Speaking on our bill recognizing the resilience, contributions of Africans in America, since 1619  
RT @OfficialCBC: , @GKButterfield @timkaine @MarkWarner @repbobbyscott recognize 400 yrs of Afr. American history https:/…
Excited to help open @HillaryClinton's Northern VA headquarters tonight in Alexandria!  
Recent provocations by  violate numerous @UN Security Council resolutions &amp; pose a significant threat to the  and allies
Voted for the bipartisan  sanctions bill. @POTUS must have the tools needed to confront the growing threat
Glad I got to see some of the @HerndonHS Hornets at the Capitol this afternoon! cc: @fcpsnews 
Greater awareness &amp; strengthening access to CTE programs will be critical to our nation's continued economic competitiveness 
CTE gives students real-world skills through applied learning &amp; integrates their academic curriculum with employability skills 
RT @CTEMedia: Heard that  is trending in DC today - huge thanks to our partners for spreading the word about  for all…
FACT: approx 14 million students are enrolled in CTE, covering every state through nearly 1,300 public schools&amp; 1,700 2yr colleges 
Let's create good CTE curriculum w/teacher residency programs!  @actecareertech @all4ed @aftteach @CTEWorks 
CTE can lead middle school students to career exploration  @actecareertech @nassp @CTEworks @MGForumSTW 
We should allow students to use federal loans for short-term CTE programs  @actecareertech @CTEworks 
Let's expand Pell Grants to include short-term job training programs  @SkillsCoalition @actecareertech  
It's ! Here's why CTE programs can prepare students for high-skill jobs in the 21st century workforce 
Proud that  res passed the Senate unanimously! CTE is vital for the workforce of our future. Read it here: 
Heading to a  briefing w/businesses and edu leaders on CTE and the 21st century workforce. Watch live here: 
Wishing a blessed  and a happy start to Lent to Catholics in Virginia and across the world today!
You can stream the  briefing with employers &amp; my fellow Senate CTE Caucus co-chairs today at 1:30pm! 
Scaling back non-violent drug sentences is fiscally smart &amp; can make a real difference in people’s lives 
Headed to a  roundtable to discuss ways to fix a decades-long policy of over-incarceration
Cc: @senrobportman @SenatorBaldwin @senatorisakson @actecareertech
You can stream the  briefing with employers &amp; my fellow Senate CTE Caucus co-chairs tomorrow at 1:30pm! 
The @jfradioshow is live in NH today. I'm calling in soon to discuss the primary &amp; my support for @HillaryClinton 
I'm joining Clovia on @KissRichmond to discuss my weekend in NH campaigning for @HillaryClinton. Listen here: 
I'll be on @WMALDC to discuss the  and why I'm pulling for @HillaryClinton. Listen live here: 
Hoy es el último para registrarte para votar en las elecciones primarias de Virginia el 1ero de Marzo. Regístrate: 
Today is the deadline to register for Virginia's March 1st presidential primary. Register here: 
Headed to the @SkillsCoalition summit in Arlington to discuss how CTE prepares students for the 21st century workforce 
RT @Bradybuzz: @TimKaine is helping lead the fight to  &amp; break the gun lobby's stranglehold on Congress!  …
Taking action now will help mitigate the impact of the  abroad &amp; prevent the spread in the  and Virginia
I support a robust response to the  -urged @POTUS to increase funding to control outbreak &amp; counter spread 
Hoping @NASA &amp; the @Space_Station crew can pull through for Arlington's St. Thomas More Cathedral School! 
Looking forward to seeing how the @US_FDA implements the action plan. We must get people the help they need to overcome their addictions
Commend the @US_FDA for releasing an action plan to address the  
More from the @RTDNEWS on what the new Foreign Affairs Security Training Center will mean for VA: 
Excited to announce with the VA delegation &amp; @GovernorVA the groundbreaking for a Foreign Affairs Security Training Center at Ft. Pickett
Just arrived at the National Prayer Breakfast. Watch it live: 
ICYMI: @realwizkaliaa, @GeorgeMasonU student &amp;  native, shares her story on student loan debt  
Congrats to the Virginia high school student athletes who signed their letters of intent. The hard work has payed off! 
Glad  included important 'Teach Safe' provisions. By reaching students earlier, we can help prevent dating violence &amp; sexual assault
 1 year ago, I introduced the Teach Safe Relationships Act to help prevent sexual assault by teaching safe relationship behavior
We must stop vilifying Muslim Americans by rejecting proposals to treat them differently. We are a tolerant &amp; loving nation 
As @POTUS said at his first , our founding fathers - like Thomas Jefferson -made religious freedom the foundation of our nation
Watch @POTUS speak out against the hateful rhetoric towards Muslim-Americans   
Nice meeting you &amp; thanks for sharing your story on student loan debt. We must help students who are  
My staff will hold a bilingual Kaine Connects session in Harrisonburg on Wednesday to offer help. Read more: 
Mi staff tendrá una sesión bilingüe de Conéctate con Kaine en Harrisonburg el miércoles para ofrecer ayuda. Lee más: 
More from my remarks at today's Armed Services Committee hearing on gender integration into all combat units &amp; ops 
We should have tough standards that servicemembers must meet, but we can't tell women there should be a cap on their service aspirations
Women have proved conventional wisdom wrong throughout history. They will do it again as the military fully integrates all combat units
Now, the women's record for running a marathon is 2 hrs 15 mins. That would've won gold in the men's marathon during most of Olympic history
Women were not allowed to run the marathon in the Olympics until 1984. There was a belief that physically they would not be able to run it
Congrats to Wise County's Micronic on winning @generalelectric / @statoilasa Water Challenge by making energy production more efficient
Here's how @POTUS's budget proposal would address the opioid abuse epidemic in America 
The opioid epidemic affects every last zip code &amp; region of Virginia. I'm focused on finding solutions that address this scourge
Applaud @POTUS proposal of $ in new funding to address the opioid &amp; heroin abuse epidemic. We must ensure people get the help they need
Headed to a Armed Services hearing on opening all ground combat units to women. You can watch live here: 
The Pamunkey are finally receiving federal recognition! Hoping the six VA tribes also waiting can receive the same
Bravo @LGRalphNortham for casting tie-breaking vote to defeat SB48 &amp; protect VA's concealed carry permit requirement 
RT @NSCsafety: Thank you for joining us for this morning’s Senate hearing! For more NSC tools and information on rx abuse, visit https://t.…
RT @NSCsafety: Senator @timkaine calls out NSC Injury Facts as a fantastic resource. Curious about your odds for cause of death? https://t.…
RT @MarkHerringVA: Great hometown discussion about heroin/Rx drug abuse, including among older Virginians. Glad to offer my testimony! http…
Wishing a very happy birthday to my beautiful wife and hardworking @VASecofEdu, Anne, today!
Today is the start of , a time to be reminded of the contributions African Americans have made to positively impact the US
Want to thank the witnesses at today's hearing for the informational testimonies on opioid abuse &amp; their work in VA to address this epidemic
Age group with fastest growing rate of overdose deaths due to prescription opioids is 55-64. This crisis does not solely impact young people
Held a @SenateAging field hearing in Leesburg on how federal policy can address opioid abuse among older Americans 
It's time for  for women 
7 years after @POTUS signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, he's taking new steps to advance  
.@LCPSOfficial's Tuscarora HS football coach Michael Burnett was named @NFL High School Coach of the Year. Congrats! 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I heard from student leaders at VA universities &amp; colleges dealing with student loan debt  
Fantastic Skype chat with 8th graders at @vbschools' @LynnhavenMiddle this afternoon! 
Joined @SenBlumenthal &amp; @ChrisMurphyCT to intro a bill that holds gun manufacturers accountable for negligence &amp; disregard for public safety
It's time for gun manufacturers to meet the same standard of accountability that other American industries must meet 
10 yrs ago, Congress gave gun manufacturers an unprecedented gift – a federal liability shield from lawsuits on negligent use of their guns
IAEA inspections = key to detecting any Iranian nuclear activity (and avoiding mistakes of past) cc: @POLITICOMag 
Heading to the Senate floor to discuss  enforcement w/@chriscoons &amp; other colleagues. Watch here 
Christiansburg was selected to participate in the  federal initiative to improve access to local, fresh foods
Virginians in the District: Metro is opening its parking garages for free until Monday at 9:30am to keep cars safe from inclement weather
.@HillaryClinton has always fought for women's rights, from equal pay to protecting a woman's right to choose  
We should never restrict or criminalize a woman's reproductive decisions. I oppose efforts to weaken Roe v. Wade  
You can download the free VDOT 511 app for updates on road conditions at: 
For more information, download the free Ready Virginia app at: 
Stay up-to-date on the Commonwealth's response efforts &amp; resources as wintry weather moves in. Stay warm &amp; be safe! 
Proud of my work to advocate for this funding along w/ @GovernorVA @MarkWarner @repbobbyscott &amp; @RepScottRigell
VA receives $120M in federal funding to address sea level rise! A testament to the hard work of stakeholders in Hampton Roads 
Refugees fleeing unspeakable atrocities deserve our compassion. Thank you for the support on this critical issue 
Proud to support Eric Fanning's nomination. Tremendously qualified &amp; experienced to be our next @USArmy Secretary 
Headed to an Armed Services Committee hearing on the nomination of Eric Fanning to be the next @USArmy Secretary
Hoping VA and metro area commuters stay safe tonight as icy and wintery weather makes its way to town
ICYMI: I spoke on the Senate floor today urging my colleagues to formally declare ISIL as our enemy, not refugees 
As @IgnatiusPost notes, the debate on ISIL hasn't begun. Nearly 18 months into war, when will Congress step up? 
Urge my colleagues to press for a debate &amp; vote to declare war versus our real enemy - ISIL, not refugees fleeing humanitarian atrocities
We need a debate on our foreign enemy-but it's not refugees, it's ISIL. I oppose the Security Against Foreign Enemies Act 
Congrats to Honduran Pres. @JuanOrlandoH, who signed a historic agreement with @OAS_official to fight corruption 
Appreciate @JackandJillInc’s work to help families, like those in Alexandria &amp; Prince William Co. who visited today! 
VA native and @VCU graduate @richiepope designed @Google's Doodle yesterday for . Great work! 
 program announced today will prepare students for jobs through CTE &amp; grow partnerships b/t schools, businesses &amp; communities
Talking ,  and  in Richmond with local civil rights leaders  
Excited to join Virginia civil rights leaders and organizations at 1pm for the "King Day of Action" at the State Capitol in Richmond 
Today, we celebrate the life of Dr. King, his legacy of peaceful social change and pursuit of the advancement of equality &amp; justice 
Iran’s missile tests, human rights violations &amp; support for terrorism &amp; arms programs will not go unpunished, even as we implement the JCPOA
Important sign that  will face consequences, including sanctions, for violations of international agreements: 
We face a vastly reduced threat of a nuclear . Time for supporters &amp; critics of the deal to unite, insisting on strict implementation
Especially happy that @washingtonpost reporter Jason Rezaian and others can finally come home
Today is a good day for international security and evidence of what strong  diplomacy can achieve 
Sad news coming out of Hawaii this morning. Hoping for the best as the Coast Guard continues its search.
.@OrbitalATK contract will strengthen the Eastern Shore's economy &amp; ensure a bright future for VA's space launch facilities at @NASA_Wallops
Game-changing news for the Commonwealth and @OrbitalATK! 
Great to meet @Carole_King to discuss public lands and conservation issues. What a "nature"-al woman! 
.@RepScottRigell has always focused on doing what's right &amp; working with anyone to find common ground. I’ll miss working together.
Applaud @GovernorVA's vision in the . Increasing funding for K-12 education &amp; developing a strong workforce will build a 
Proud to join @SenatorBarb &amp; @SenJoniErnst in an effort to give Women Air Force Service Pilots - or WASPs - burial rights in @ArlingtonNatl
On , we honor the impact Korean-Americans have had in communities across Virginia and America!
Urging the VA to remove unnecessary burdens on Blue Water Navy veterans so they can get the care they need &amp; deserve 
RT @MarkWarner: .@LGRalphNortham is exactly right: no justification for limiting media access to the Virginia Senate.  …
Joining @ABC7GMW at 7:15am to discuss my reaction to last night's powerful . Tune in!
As @POTUS noted, the scourge of opioid addiction cuts across party lines. Let's come together to lift up communities hurt by this epidemic
Appreciate @POTUS's call for an . Congress cannot let another year go by without debating &amp; authorizing the war vs ISIL 
Tonight, @POTUS reflected on the significant progress our country has made over the past seven years and challenged us to reach higher 
Hoping to hear how @POTUS plans to build on his efforts to address the opioid epidemic this year
According to the @CDCgov, opioid overdose deaths hit record levels in 2014 ,killing more than 47,000 people
Honored to welcome Don as my  guest &amp; I’m hopeful that we can raise awareness of the opioid epidemic and take action to stop it
My guest for the  is Don Flattery of Alexandria, a member of VA's drug abuse task force &amp; powerful advocate 
The  stands firmly with our allies &amp; will not waiver in the pursuit to defeat those who use terror to pursue their despicable objectives
Saddened by the wave of suicide attacks in  today and Iraq yesterday. The continued slaughter of innocents is savage &amp; unjustified
Recently returned from a trip to the Middle East focused on the fight vs ISIL &amp; Israeli-Palestinian peace process: 
A year since 's  incident, we've seen progress. But more hard work is left to fully restore trust in safety &amp; reliability
There's only one word to describe the actions of Vienna's Charlotte Heffelmire: heroic. Amazing story on @WTOP 
From creating jobs to helping , @GovernorVA @MarkHerringVA &amp; @LGRalphNortham have moved VA forward! Congrats on 2 great yrs
Spoke in  to the Virginia Center for Inclusive Communities &amp; faith leaders about importance of  w/Muslim communities
There is only one person in this race for president who supports the common-sense gun reform we need, and 
Applaud @POTUS for answering questions on his efforts to  - from supporters and opponents - at VA's @GeorgeMasonU tonight
Here's what the President's executive actions will do to help  
VA knows all too well the tragedy &amp; pain of gun violence. That's why I strongly support the actions @POTUS announced to 
Happy New Year! Best wishes for 2016
Here's more on the Administration's cyber deterrence policy: 
Glad the @WhiteHouse released a cyber deterrence policy, something I've been calling for. A critical step to defend the US from cyberattacks
Glad @VT_Football pulled out a victory tonight! Thanks to Coach Beamer for a fantastic 28 years.
From my family to yours, wishing everyone a merry Christmas!
From Chatham Town Council to Congress, @RepRobertHurt has made a strong mark on his community. Proud of our work together on behalf of VA!
Check out the @nytimes collection of Senators' holiday cards, including the Kaine family's! 
By working with the @NIH &amp; other key stakeholders, we can find new treatments and improve caregiving to help ease the burden of Alzheimer's
Throughout history, we have responded to the threats of disease by committing to scientific research. Now is our time to take on Alzheimer's
I've met with families in VA who have been impacted by Alzheimer's and support @HillaryClinton's goal to find a cure
Agree w/@HillaryClinton. We can move towards preventing &amp; treating Alzheimer's by 2025 if we increase research funding &amp; improve caregiving
Hopeful that passage of the  will inspire more bipartisan cooperation in the new year!
 has funding for a FASTC at Fort Pickett, which is recognition of the need to provide diplomatic personnel security training
 also lends a helping hand to middle- to low-income families trying to make ends meet through various tax provisions
 invests in VA's shipbuilders &amp; other top priorities for our military's operations, maintenance and readiness
A year since historic detente with , Congress should work on lifting the embargo. We must engage rather than isolate
Welcome back, sailors!  
We must improve transparency on drug pricing and bring down drug costs. Rising costs are squeezing budgets for families and government
Joining @MarkWarner and others pressing the Administration to increase efforts to lower prescription drug costs 
About to join @hardball to discuss yesterday's  &amp; why @HillaryClinton's approach to fighting home-grown terrorism is the right one
 have helped thousands of low-income students fulfill lifelong dreams of earning a college degree 
 help keep student loan debt manageable for VA families. They also provide financial certainty &amp; predictability 
Pleased the Senate reauthorized the  Program, which is critical to 7,800 low-income college students in VA 
Joining @RobertsMSNBC soon to discuss the  &amp; why @HillaryClinton's plan to defeat home-grown terrorism is the right approach
About to join HearSay w/Cathy Lewis on @WHRO to discuss why passing an  against ISIL is a key component of the strategy to defeat them
Pleased the Senate unanimously confirmed Dana Boente &amp; John Fishwick as US Attorneys for VA's Eastern &amp; Western districts cc: @MarkWarner
RT @NatlHeadStart: Virginia Senator @timkaine visiting Walker Grant  in Fredericksburg, VA! Works …
Glad @SpeakerRyan weighed in on the need for a new ISIL  today. He's right, this is Congress' responsibility 
Check out @WSJ's Who Read What 2015. Shared my thoughts on 'Showdown', 'The Crimean War' and 'Silence' 
 will improve &amp; expand access to high-quality early childhood programs, like this one in Fredericksburg 
I love visiting great Pre-K programs across VA! Thanks to Walker-Grant School in Fredericksburg for hosting me today 
Happy birthday to my friend of 35 years, @MarkWarner! 
Joining @933WFLS Fredericksburg to discuss my trip to the Walker-Grant School later today! Tune in here: 
Over 17 months into war vs ISIL, it's past time for Congress to finally authorize it. Joined @NewDay to discuss: 
ICYMI: I was live in-studio with @Morning_Joe to discuss commonsense gun safety measures &amp; war authorization vs ISIL 
Last week I urged @DeptofDefense to change its policy preventing practicing Sikhs from serving in our military: 
Pleased that exception was made for Capt. Singh, but a larger shift in policy is needed for practicing Sikh soldiers 
Hoy es el último día para inscribirte o cambiar tu plan de cobertura médica para el 2016.  
Today is the last day for open season for health care coverage starting in 2016.  today: 
Congrats to Virginians Andrew Hunter &amp; Weini Kelati on bringing the national cross country championships back to VA! 
Thanks to @CFR_org &amp; @JujuChangABC for hosting me for a thoughtful talk on US foreign relations &amp; Middle East policy 
Joining @CFR_org at 1PM to discuss my efforts to pass a bipartisan  in Congress. Stream my speech here  
Live in-studio with CNN @NewDay to talk about the importance of Congressional war authorization against ISIL
Joining @Morning_Joe soon in-studio to discuss my bipartisan efforts to pass an  in the Senate
Applaud leaders at  from around the world on reaching a deal. Look forward to reviewing the  agreement in full
Great holiday season initiative in . Thanks for paying it forward, Santa!  
Great meeting with @VolvoGroupNA employees from Dublin, VA this week to discuss how the FAST Act will impact VA 
Hey Senate CTE Caucus members @senrobportman, @SenatorBaldwin, @'re up!  
Standing w/@RepScottRigell &amp; @PeterWelch as they introduce companion version of our  vs ISIL cc: @JeffFlake 
.@POTUS just signed  into law! Here’s how the bill will : 
.@JeffFlake &amp; I will join @RepScottRigell &amp; @PeterWelch as they introduce a companion version of our  against ISIL in the House today
Today we celebrate the 150th anniversary of the  and the abolition of slavery. We must always stand up against hate &amp; bigotry
Great news! @AirNatlGuard has chosen Joint Base Langley-Eustis for a Cyber Ops Squadron. Proud to work w/VA delegation members on this
Education is key to individual success &amp;  economic success.  will help close achievement gaps &amp; I'm proud to vote for it 
Thank you @PattyMurray, @SenAlexander &amp; their staffs for the hard work they've put into a bipartisan compromise I'm proud to support 
CTE is a pathway for students to prepare for the workforce through work-based &amp; hands-on learning opportunities
With passage of , schools will be able to use federal funding to help prevent sexual assault on &amp; off our college campuses
Headed to the floor to talk about my support for , which includes my provisions to teach safe relationship behavior &amp; strengthen CTE
US cannot shut its doors to refugees fleeing the world's worst humanitarian crisis since WWII &amp; looking for a better life 
Refugees aren't the enemy of the US. We have an enemy: ISIL. Vilifying refugees is dangerous rhetoric contrary to US values 
Standing w/faith leaders, @SenatorDurbin &amp; @SenatorLeahy to call for compassionate refugee policies  
Orgulloso de unirme con líderes de fe, @SenatorDurbin y @SenatorLeahy en el Capitolio para responder a la denigración de los refugiados
Proud to be joining faith leaders, @SenatorDurbin &amp; @SenatorLeahy tomorrow to respond to the latest attempts to vilify refugees in the 
Talk of banning anyone from entering our country on the basis of religion is disgraceful &amp; goes against everything we stand for as a nation
 &amp; surrounding counties are preparing students for the 21st century workforce by emphasizing computer sciences: 
Sat down with law enforcement &amp; health professionals in Winchester to discuss strategies to prevent opioid abuse 
Nice work by @OrbitalATK last night. Successful launch of , which will deliver crucial cargo to the @Space_Station
Met with Mayor Jones of Harrisonburg this morning and discussed the Valley's success at attracting veteran workers 
74 years after the attacks on , we honor the sacrifice of those who answered the call of duty to defend our country in WWII
@patrickgmfox5dc I believe this war goes well beyond the intent and legal scope of existing authorizations
RT @JeffFlake: Debate and passage of an  against  like the bipartisan proposal @timkaine &amp; I intro'd is long overdue …
Read my full statement on the President's address here: 
Congress needs to finally debate &amp; vote on an . It shows our allies, troops &amp; the public that we are unified in resolve against ISIL
The events of recent weeks demonstrate that Congress can no longer ignore ISIL threat and its constitutional duty to authorize war
House and Senate leaders should move consideration of an ISIL-specific  to the top of the legislative agenda
As @POTUS stated, an  would demonstrate the American people are united and committed to the fight against ISIL
Happy  to everyone celebrating across Virginia and the nation!
Restricting high capacity magazines is just commonsense. Read the @nytimes take here: 
Addressed the  on how the federal government can help fuel economic growth in Virginia 
Tenemos que actuar juntos para solucionar el cambio climático. Lee mi opinión sobre   
Also applaud the overdue reauthorization of the @EximBankUS, which benefits a vast array of Virginia companies
Pleased amdts @MarkWarner and I pushed for were included in the FAST Act, like strengthening WMATA safety &amp; oversight
The FAST Act will provide something America hasn't had in years - investments in transportation &amp; the certainty of a 5-yr bill
Just voted for a measure to prevent those on terror watchlist from purchasing guns &amp; explosives. Disappointed by lack of bipartisan support
Very supportive of @DeptofDefense decision to open all combat positions to women. Time for this barrier to be eliminated 
Nearly 17 months into war, Congress needs to follow the lead of the UK Parliament by debating &amp; voting on an  
Are Members of Congress ready to stop being bystanders to gun violence in America? I joined @Morning_Joe to discuss 
Joining @Morning_Joe shortly. Tune to @MSNBC
I'll be on with @WTOP shortly. Tune in here: 
Today's shooting in San Bernardino is beyond senseless. My heart goes out to victims &amp; those in law enforcement working to find the suspects
Congrats to Hamilton's Bonnie Carroll, who recently received a Presidential Medal of Freedom for her work for veterans &amp; their families
Approximately 1 in 5 women has relied on a Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime. 
Planned Parenthood provides many critical, preventative services. Here’s just some  
In true ROTC fashion, I was up early w/Cadets from @JMU to Skype on military issues, foreign policy &amp; leadership 
 are not the enemy of the United States, ISIL is our enemy. More from my floor speech yesterday: 
Senate took impt action &amp; passed our bill to assist eugenics victims w/state compensation payments cc: @MarkWarner 
Met w/@williamandmary Pres. Reveley today to discuss higher-education issues &amp; sea level rise 
Discussed US-Japanese relations with Ambassador Sasae today 
The @PeaceCorps have made a difference in countless lives abroad. Met w/Deputy Director nominee Carlos Torres today 
My latest @Medium post on  &amp; why the  summit is so important for VA &amp; our future  
Read my full statement on  &amp; my  &amp; safe relationship provisions included in the final bill: 
Pleased  conf cmte chose to recognize importance of teaching safe relationship behavior to prevent sexual assault &amp; dating violence
As VA shipyards look for the next generation of skilled workers, I'll continue to advocate for CTE training programs 
Rex Springston showcased the natural treasures of our Commonwealth. Will miss his work &amp; paddling/singing with him on the James cc: @RTDNEWS
Proud to recognize 60 years since civil rights leader Rosa Parks fought injustice by refusing to give up her seat 
With Gayle Smith finally confirmed to head @USAID,  can better coordinate global effort to address historic  crisis
Wishing everyone at home and abroad a very happy Thanksgiving! 
Proud to fight for a long-overdue  vs ISIL that will show resolve amidst violence abroad cc: @PilotOpinion 
Stopped by the Guardian Place Retirement Community in Richmond for lunch &amp; a discussion on my work on the Aging Cmte 
W/@ALZ_GRVA members earlier. Increasing research &amp; access to care resources is critical to fighting Alzheimer's 
Frank Beamer = @VT_Football  !
Great to be in Halifax this wknd for the @HFXforum w/my Senate Foreign Relations Cmte colleagues @SenJohnBarrasso &amp; @ChrisMurphyCT 
 &amp;  keep families together &amp; strengthen our country as a whole. Proud to support &amp; defend these programs
My @Quora answer to Which 2016 presidential candidate do you support? Why? 
My @Quora answer to How is your relationship with Mark Warner? 
My @Quora answer to Who are your favorite senators? 
My @Quora answer to How was picking up the mantle from Jim Webb? 
My @Quora answer to Why did the France attack happen? 
My @Quora answer to Do the president's military actions against ISIS represent an illegal war? 
My @Quora answer to Why is Congress afraid to vote on the ISIL war? 
My @Quora answer to What is our current strategy for fighting ISIS? Is the strategy working? 
My @Quora answer to What's wrong with the War Powers Act? 
My @Quora answer to How does being a Governor compare to being a Senator? 
My @Quora answer to Should the US accept Syrian refugees? 
Good luck to all VA teams in the @NCAA soccer championship! @UVAWSoccer @TribeWSoccer @VT_WSoccer @RadfordMSOC @UVAMenSoccer
Great to see King George High School's government class getting a first-hand look at the Capitol today! 
Excited to be joining @Quora! I'm taking questions today: 
Live with @TeamCavuto on @FoxNews shortly to talk about what it will take for Congress to come together &amp; authorize the war vs ISIL
I joined @ABC7GMW to explain why the  attacks underscore the need for Congress to vote on war authorization: 
Agree w/@HillaryClinton's call for no-fly zone in Syria. Aids effort to address worst humanitarian crisis since WWII 
.@HillaryClinton is right. Congress should swiftly pass an  vs ISIL to send a message to them, our troops &amp; allies that we're committed
Applaud Northern VA blanket &amp; coat drive for , now in its 3rd year. Find out how you can help here: 
Good luck to Arlington's @WilliamsburgAdm's Ms. Leni Bronstein, who's a finalist for @ACTFL's teacher of the year award! 
Applaud Arlington's blanket &amp; coat drive for , now in its 3rd year. Find out how you can help here: 
ICYMI: @JeffFlake &amp; I discussed our bipartisan  proposal on @Morning_Joe. Watch our interview here: 
Talking with @jfradioshow on US response to ISIL &amp; my position on . Tune in here: 
I'll be joining @ABC7GMW at 7:15AM to discuss the war against ISIL in the wake of the tragic  attacks 

RT @Morning_Joe: Coming  @timkaine and @JeffFlake  
Early morning at the office w/ @JeffFlake to discuss our bipartisan  push on @Morning_Joe. Tune in now!
Read my full statement on  here:

Congrats to Katherine Johnson on the Presidential Medal of Freedom! A trailblazer for @NASA Langley &amp; major contributor to space exploration
We owe it to the troops &amp; American people to debate this war against ISIL cc: @JeffFlake: 
Teamed up w/@JeffFlake to pen this @TIME op-ed on how passing an  vs ISIL shows US resolve amidst violence: 
RT @TIME: Senators Kaine and Flake: "Congress has been too silent on ISIS" 
Ensuring our energy production is cleaner tomorrow than today is good for our economy &amp; planet. That's why I support the 
Our bill reduces youth homelessness &amp; ensures we’re meeting the needs of children transitioning out of foster care
Thank you to @SenatorCollins @PattyMurray &amp; @SenBrianSchatz for supporting a bill that will help keep families together
Introduced a bill to help prevent youth homelessness &amp; keep struggling families together. Learn more: 
An  vs ISIL formally declares war &amp; shows strength to both our allies and adversaries in the global fight against terrorism
Headed to the floor now to speak w/@JeffFlake to urge for bipartisan support to debate &amp; vote on an  vs ISIL: 
One of the best ways for the  to demonstrate resolve in the face of the  is to formally act on an  vs ISIL
As ISIL threat metastasizes across the globe, Congress must formally declare war with an . Joining @mitchellreports on @MSNBC  soon
Joining Jimmy on @1140WRVA to discuss  &amp; my thoughts on the  response to the  Attacks: 
Horrified by situation unfolding in Paris. My heart goes out to the people of France tonight
Bill McKelway is one of the most inquisitive &amp; humane journalists ever to take up a pen. I’ll miss being surprised &amp; enlightened by his work
Investing in clean coal R&amp;D &amp; CTE programs is essential to ensuring Virginia’s coal communities have a place in a cleaner energy future
Applaud @HillaryClinton's plan to revitalize America's coal communities as we move to build a clean energy economy
What a touching story from @PilotNews about a WWII Virginia Beach veteran reconnecting with his wartime love: 
RT @GovernorVA: Gov announces VA first state in nation to functionally end veteran homelessness - housed 1400+ veterans in last yr. https:/…
Honored to speak to veterans &amp; their families at the George Marshall International Center in Leesburg  
On this , we pay tribute to those who have sacrificed to keep our country safe &amp; free. Thank you to all of our nation's veterans
We shouldn't be in month 16 of a war without a vote of Congress. I'll share why I'm concerned with Congress' silence tonight cc: @calabresim
Headed to Arlington to join a panel hosted by @UVA's Sorensen Institute. Speaking on Congress' indifference to declaring war &amp; 
Great @PilotNews article on this  eve on a Norfolk native preserving untold stories of female veterans: 
Happy 240th birthday to the few and the proud, the @USMC! Thank you for serving &amp; keeping us safe 
Si queremos prevenir los peores resultados del , Debemos actuar ahora comunidades como  dependen de nuestro liderazgo
Hampton Roads, hogar de la base naval más grande de nuestro país, es una de las comunidades más afectadas por el  
@JohnKerry está en Hampton Roads hoy para ver en persona como el aumento del nivel del mar y el  afectan nuestra comunidad
If we want to prevent the worst effects of , we must act now. Communities like Hampton Roads depend on our leadership 
Hampton Roads, home to the world's largest Naval base, is one of the communities at greatest risk to  
.@JohnKerry is in Hampton Roads today getting a first-hand look at how sea level rise, caused by , affects the community 
I'm pushing for Congress to do its most solemn job by approving an AUMF vs ISIL. Live with the crew from @Morning_Joe soon
About to join @foxandfriends to discuss my bipartisan push for a debate &amp; vote on an AUMF vs ISIL. Hope you can tune in
Hey Virginians! State parks are waiving parking fees and holding special activities for : 
RT @NewsInTheBurg: .@timkaine bill aims to stem heroin overdoses. In 2014, about 75 people have died from opiate overdoses locally. https:/…
RT @SenCapito: Joined w/ @timkaine to intro the Co-prescribing Saves Lives Act, a bipartisan bill to fight opioid overdose deaths https://t…
Asked Pres. Obama to prioritize a strengthened Memorandum of Understanding w/Israel during PM Netanyahu's visit: 
Educating students on consent, safe relationship behavior &amp; where to go for help can help prevent campus sexual assault 
Standing with the @WhiteHouse &amp; @GenProgress for the  week of action. Join the movement at 
RT @ItsOnUs: It's the  Week of Action! Do you have something planned on campus? Let us know here:  https://t…
Looking for the perfect Christmas tree? Check out where you can find locally grown Virginia trees here! 
@mollymotoole For those who said bipartisan support wasn't possible, definitely proving them wrong
Effects of  in VA are real. Sea level rise &amp; recurrent flooding is putting community of Hampton Roads at the most serious risk
.@POTUS made the right call on . We must make choices that will help make America’s energy future cleaner tomorrow than today
Will continue to urge my Senate colleagues to take an AUMF up in the SFRC. We must define the scope of a mission that has expanded greatly
Strongly support bipartisan effort of colleagues in the House calling for an AUMF against ISIL. We owe the troops a debate &amp; vote on the war
RT @Sweetbriaredu: Thanks, @sethmeyers. We’re excited, too!  
RT @chucktodd: Virginia Sen. @timkaine is pushing President Obama to get new approval for military action against . He'll join me next…
Joining @chucktodd on @MSNBC soon to talk about pressing need to debate an  against ISIL as US forces are deployed to  
RT @meetthepress: One hour to  → @JimMiklaszewski @timkaine @Kasparov63 @GovernorPataki @kathleenparker @costareports join @chuckt…
ICYMI: Watch my floor speech on my bill that help me fight opioid overdose deaths by increasing access to naloxone: 
My bill would help save lives by encouraging doctors to co-prescribe naloxone alongside opioid prescriptions. More: 
Naloxone saves lives by reversing the effects of an opioid overdose 
The scope of the opioid abuse epidemic in Virginia and America: 
Headed to the floor to introduce the Co-prescribing Saves Lives Act, a bill that would help fight opioid overdose deaths. Tune to CSPAN2
RT @IECChesapeake: FACT: There are 400K+ registered apprenticeships nationwide in more than 1,000 occupations.  https:/…
Check out some of Virginia's hidden gems via @ThrillistDC 
ICYMI: Joined @CNNSitRoom yesterday to discuss importance of an  as war against ISIL continues to expand: 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I are urging @CFPB to look at impact of prepaid prison cards &amp; protect inmates from predatory schemes 
I'll be joining @CNNSitRoom today at 6:05pm ET to discuss  &amp; need for a Congressional . Tune in if you can 
Great news for @ValleyWDB. This federal funding will help grow the 21st century economy : 
Apprenticeships can grow the economy &amp; equip workers with skillsets for in-demand jobs. I'll highlight how  this week
Introduced a Senate resolution recognizing National Apprenticeship Week   
Great story on Danville's effort to find innovative uses for iconic 'Home of Dan River Fabrics' sign : 
RT @RepDonBeyer: Thanks @POTUS ! My door is always open if your spell check ever breaks. 
Residentes de Virginia! Expresen su voz hoy y . Los locales están abiertas hasta las 7pm  
Hey Virginians! Make your voice heard and  today. Polls are open until 7:00pm  
From Norfolk to Richmond, message from my recent roundtables has been clear:  is needed, fiscally smart &amp; upholds American values
Banning the box for federal jobs removes an unreasonable barrier for those seeking employment. Applaud @POTUS for this  step
Agree w/@POTUS. The  must shift its focus to helping ex-offenders stay on the right track by improving reentry programs 
Check out veteran-owned businesses &amp; events in Virginia during National Veterans Small Business Week!  
World champs! Congratulations to the @Royals on winning their first  since 1985! 
George Burke was a great friend. He had a brilliant mind and was a fierce competitor. We'll deeply miss him.
Happy Halloween! Resemble anyone you know?  
Tune in to @NPRWeekend now for my discussion w/ @nprscottsimon on the announced deployment of US forces to  
Look fwd to joining @nprscottsimon tomorrow at 8:10AM to discuss deployment of US forces to  &amp; why Congress needs to vote on this war
Happy we came together to pass a bipartisan budget deal that will increase economic certainty &amp; break cycle of crisis-to-crisis budgeting
Read my statement on the deployment of  special operations forces to Syria: 
Enjoyed speaking with Wes Bush from @northropgrumman today. Congrats to this VA Company on continuing its legacy in bomber production
Me reuní con el Emb. Pinzón para hablar sobre las recientes negociaciones entre el gobierno Colombiano y las FARC 
Congress can honor the legacy of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, passed 37 yrs ago this Saturday by passing PWFA! 
I stand with women who are  and need accommodation to continue working. Let's pass PWFA
Congrats to @SpeakerRyan. Enjoyed working w/him on Murray-Ryan deal-willingness to compromise to get nation's business done. We need that
Two down and two more wins to go to ! Let's go @Royals! 
Pleased House passed a bipartisan 2 year budget. Now it's time for the Senate to do the same &amp; give VA businesses the certainty they deserve
Headed to Crystal City now - excited to see what's in store!   
Vote for Sean to be "Hero of the Year by visiting here: 
Congrats to Sean Gobin, of Charlottesville, who was named a Top 10 ! Learn how he's helping our veterans: 
What a wild Game 1 in the  last night! Glad my @Royals came away with the victory for the home crowd 
More from @CAPgunsandcrime: VA ranks 3rd among states with the highest number of guns exported out of state and used in crime 
From @CAPgunsandcrime study: VA is one of 17 states where more people are killed annually by gunfire than in car accidents 
Read the new @CAPgunsandcrime study . We must  
Epidemic of gun violence needs a comprehensive solution. These steps are critical pieces that Americans can agree on 
More gun violence tragedies can be avoided by closing the gun show loophole &amp; improving background checks  
The better background records check system we have, the safer people will be. I support longer waiting periods on gun sales 
Announcing a bill requiring a completed background record check before any gun sale   
RT @alikrieger: Thank you for all your support! You have my vote ;) it was an honor to meet you!  
Grew up outside Kansas City. So all I have to say now 's  @Royals! 
Senate should reauthorize . It helps level the playing-field for US exporters- many of which are small businesses- &amp; reduce the deficit
What a career for @AbbyWambach! A record-breaking leader who will leave with this distinction: World Cup Champion  
Senate voted overwhelmingly in support of the  bill, which represents an important first step towards improving our 
RT @ThousandDays: Huge thank you to  Champions Senator Susan Collins, @TimKaine @alikrieger @lucymsullivan 
Standing w/World Cup champ &amp; VA native @alikrieger to speak on importance of child nutrition  @ussoccer_wnt 
Facebook Q&amp;A is about to start. Join the conversation here: 
I'll be on my Facebook page at 4:30pm ET hosting a Q&amp;A! Post a question here: 
Sat down to discuss  &amp;  with @JoAnn_Jenkins  
Deal provides certainty to Virginia's families while helping businesses &amp; the defense community better plan for the future
Pleased congressional negotiators &amp; the @WhiteHouse reached a bipartisan deal to avoid a debt crisis &amp; provide two years of sequester relief
Continue to be inspired by VA’s own @JesseFFerguson. Stay strong and keep fighting 
Got a question for me? Hope you can join me tomorrow for a Facebook Q&amp;A at 4:30pm ET  
Today we asked @SocialSecurity not to penalize same-sex couples b/c of delayed implementation of  decisions 
Headed to the floor to commemorate 70 yrs since Harry Truman changed the Presidential seal to look toward diplomacy 
Emití mi voto anticipado en las elecciones legislativas estatales en Richmond!   
Cast my early vote ballot in Richmond this morning for state Senate and House races!   
Wishing a happy birthday to @HillaryClinton today!  
Welcome to Harrisonburg, @CollegeGameDay! Big day for CFB in the Commonwealth! Which mascot head will it be, Corso?  or ?
RT @CollegeGameDay: Come welcome GameDay to @JMUSports today at 5:30 at Wilson Hall. 
 policies must focus on recovery and rehabilitation. Reducing recidivism is a big step in making our criminal justice system better
Touching story on how a fatherhood program in a Richmond jail helped an inmate turn his life around  
 provides health security to families. Virginia must expand it to increase access to affordable health care 
Thanks to @AHIPCoverage for letting me share why I'm a passionate supporter of  &amp; speak on the impact in Virginia 
We shouldn't waste any more time in building a proper training facility to keep US embassy personnel safe 
RT @RepBradAshford: @timkaine - after all that trash-talking, I still beat you in the . Certainly hoping for a rematch next year htt…
Very excited to pass along the  title to my friend @RepDonBeyer!  
Staff: @timkaine is out after "Connecticuter." In our opinion, it should have two t's!  
Staff: the  is heating up at the start of round 4. 7 journalists remain, 5 lawmakers left, including our boss @timkaine 
Staff: round three's theme is  and @timkaine spells "pedestrians" correctly to start it off!  
Staff: Round three and the boss is still standing. Officially more spells than Hogwarts at the  
Staff: this crowd is buzzing with excitement. Pun intended  
Staff: and @timkaine's friend @RepDonBeyer draws the word "barbarous" and he spells it right, and with haste!
RT @ScrippsBee: First round of  is getting heated @timkaine @agreilingkeane @David_Kerley @yochidreazen 
Staff: @timkaine up now! Word "accustomed".  nails it!
Staff: end of round one. Journalists 6 and lawmakers 4. Next round's theme: the Declaration of Independence 
Staff: @timkaine misspells first word "veterinarian". It's two strikes you're out here, so our boss lives to play another day 
Staff: @timkaine is cool as a c-u-c-u-m-b-e-r   
Handing over the Twitter account to my staff for live updates from the !  @PressClubDC
Headed to . In case I get a "phone-a-friend" tonight, I have Tejas on speed-dial   
Sor Consuelo Morales es una persona extraordinaria y altruista que lucha por víctimas de abusos de  
Less than 24 hours until I defend my spelling bee title at @PressClubDC. Brushing up on some vocab  
Thank you for letting me share what I learned from my  discussions in Virginia las week  
RT @FactsOnClimate: Climate change threatens us all, and it will take all of us to solve it. Get the facts on how we can: …
Congrats to 2016 Virginia Teacher of the Year Natalie DiFusco-Funk of West Salem Elementary School! @SalemVA
Fort Pickett should be home to a new diplomatic security training facility. More from me in today's @RTDNEWS 
RT @ResnickTeaches: Terrific Tuesday at WMS thanks to @Skype video convo with VA Sen @timkaine "I did what?!?"   https…
Great way to start my day -skyped with Madison's Wetsel Middle School to discuss current events! cc: @ResnickTeaches 
Visited with an impressive group of Marines from the @USMC Embassy Security Group today in Quantico 
RT @RepMcCaul: Looking forward to today's  panel on "America's Place in the World" w/ @timkaine and moderated by @lawrence_wright.
Was in Richmond on Thu hearing directly from ex-offenders on what actions could help ease reentry back into society 
More on my discussion in Norfolk yesterday on ways to reform an over-incarceration centered criminal justice system 
During his weekly address, @POTUS spoke on criminal justice reform, an issue I'm focused on in Virginia &amp; the Senate 
Hearing from ex-offenders &amp; community leaders today in Norfolk will help me pinpoint criminal justice challenges Congress needs to address
Joined community &amp; law enforcement leaders in Norfolk today to discuss efforts to reform our criminal justice system 
Goochland County is receiving 200K in grant awards from the @USDA for rural economic development! cc:@MarkWarner
The better background record check system you have, the safer people are 
In Richmond earlier discussing ways to  w/@GovernorVA, @MarkHerringVA, Lori Haas and the Parkers 
Help @vaunion1865 compete at  by voting for them today!  cc @The_Honda
Drug overdose deaths now outnumber highway deaths in Virginia. We can and must do more to combat this epidemic: 
Today is the last day to register to vote in Virginia. Register today! 
RT @USNavy: Retweet to celebrate our !

Ready then. Ready now. Ready always. 
Happy 240th birthday to the @USNavy! Thank you to the brave men &amp; women who serve &amp; protect our nation 
Note to DMV commuters: the Key Bridge ramp will be closed from 7pm today until 7pm tomorrow due to repairs
Outlined Senate agenda to  &amp; ramp up pressure to pass new gun safety laws  

Common sense solutions to : close gun show loophole, improve &amp; expand background checks &amp; shut down pipeline of illegal guns
The @NRA opposes common sense solutions to gun violence despite the wishes of gun owners and even NRA members 
We need to create a records check system to keep weapons out of the hands of those who are not legally allowed to have them 
Epidemic of gun violence needs a comprehensive solution. Expanding background checks is a critical piece Americans agree on 
Headed to a  press conference to unveil the Senate agenda to improve gun safety laws. Watch here: 
Headed to a Armed Service Committee hearing on Russian strategy in Syria &amp;  military operations. Watch here 
Read the GAO report that makes clear Fort Pickett is the best site for a new diplomatic training facility 
Chairing a hearing tomorrow on embassy security &amp; need for a diplomatic training facility at Fort Pickett
RT @Nature_DCMDVA: Thank you @timkaine for your long time support of conservation &amp; !   @nature_wonks …
We need to take action in order to . Applaud @people for taking a stand in their latest issue 
Headed to address @CHCI  summit!  
Emocionado por discutir , la reforma migratoria necesaria y  con @CHCI!
Excited to join @CHCI tomorrow to discuss , the need for  reform and !
Spoke w/@mitchellreports earlier on Afghanistan. Watch my interview here: 
RT @AGMarkHerring: Today's the 1 year anniversary of  in VA! 

RT to celebrate the 2,670 same-sex couples who married! htt…
Reading makes me happy because it opens doors of opportunity and sparks curiosity 
Great initiative by Virginia Beach native @Pharrell. Share why reading makes you happy!  
About to join @mitchellreports to discuss today's SASC hearing on Afghanistan. Watch live on @MSNBC 
Headed to a SASC hearing on Afghanistan to hear from GEN Campbell. Watch live here 
@NIH officially launched the Gabriella Miller  Research Program-proud to work w/@smashingwalnuts to turn this bill into a reality!
.@NRA always campaigns against me but I haven't lost b/c Virginians-including gun owners-support background checks 
I support a comprehensive background checks system because it will help prevent dangerous individuals from getting a gun. RT if you agree
We must get guns out of the hands of domestic abusers. Domestic violence deaths are far too common in VA &amp; are often caused by gun violence
Closing "Charleston Loophole" is a commonsense gun reform measure. Background checks should be completed before any firearm sale
I agree w/ @HillaryClinton. We must act to prevent gun violence that’s plaguing our society. Check out her plan here 
Proud to be part of the fantastic Virginia leadership team for @HillaryClinton! Excited to help her win VA–a key state for victory in 2016!
I’m pleased members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership were able to reach agreement on a trade deal and look forward to reviewing the details
Thx to @arneduncan for 7 yrs of thoughtful leadership at @usedgov, especially his work to expand early learning &amp; increase graduation rates
As cyberattacks become increasingly common, the government must do more to protect American citizens from threats 
October is  month. Visit  to learn more about cyber threats and good practices to be secure online
For VA,  change is a today issue, not tomorrow. More from me in Virginia Capitol Connections Quarterly: 
Check out @MorningConsult's piece on my push for Congress to debate &amp; hold an  vote for the war vs ISIL 
Apprenticeship programs are critical to growing our workforce in advanced manufacturing  
VA is home to talented manufacturing companies, from shipbuilding in Hampton Roads to the advanced manufacturers in Southern VA 
Today is  - a celebration of America's advanced manufacturing economy 
I've always admired Mayor Fraim's energy &amp; vision. He did a great job in a great city &amp; I join Norfolk citizens thanking him for his service
Met with @UVA Batten School Public Policy Masters candidates today! Good luck on your studies Hoos 
Applaud bipartisan group of Senators who worked on this agreement that reduces the damaging effects mandatory minimums have had on families
Bipartisan  &amp; Corrections Act takes several steps to reduce over-incarceration rates of certain segments of  society
Make sure to stay safe &amp; take precautions heading into this weekend. More information can be found here: 
With heavy rain and severe weather headed to VA, @GovernorVA has declared a state of emergency. Follow @VDEM for updates
Met with local Virginia @JohnDeere dealers today! Great conversation about job creation &amp; economic development 
.@BGCA_Clubs played an important role in Denzel Washington's life. It's also helped many in VA find their passion &amp; become great leaders
.@MarkWarner and I just met two-time @TheAcademy award winner and passionate @BGCA_Clubs advocate Denzel Washington 
For 50 years, @NatlHeadStart has played a crucial role in preparing our children for bright futures  
Now let’s put aside unrelated partisan fights &amp; reach a compromise to replace sequester cuts that threaten national security &amp; VA’s economy
Just voted for a clean CR that keeps the government open and avoids another needless shutdown
About to speak at a @HeadStartgov rally! Investing in early childhood education will pay huge dividends for our children &amp; the economy
Congrats and happy 50th anniversary to @NEHgov! Enriching culture from 1965 to 2015 
ICYMI: mis comentarios en la audiencia del SFRC hoy en el Medio Oriente sobre la crisis humanitaria en Siria: 
ICYMI: My remarks at today's SFRC hearing on Middle East policy concerning the humanitarian crisis in Syria: 
I hope everyone takes precautions to stay safe today as flash flooding moves into  &amp; other areas of the Commonwealth
Congrats, Gary. Your innovative work is helping to create a more sustainable environment for future generations to enjoy
Meet Gary Cohen, a , environmental entrepreneur &amp; MacArthur Genius Grant winner from Reston  @macfound
Congrats to all the schools in the Commonwealth just selected as @NatlBlueRibbon Schools! @usedgov 
 make college a reality for the lowest-income students. Join us in urging Congress to not to let this program expire this week
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; VA delegation members calling for a 1-year reauthorization of the Federal  program: 
Ahora: el SFRC está discutiendo la crisis de los refugiados en el Medio Oriente y el papel humanitario de los EEUU 
Happening now: the SFRC is discussing the refugee crisis in the Middle East and the 's humanitarian role: 
Planned Parenthood provides critical primary care services to  million Americans. I’m proud to  &amp; @CecileRichards
Los EEUU y aliados debemos establecer mínimo una zona humanitaria segura para proteger aquellos huyendo de la brutalidad de Assad en Siria
Mañana a las 10 am, el SFRC tendrá una audiencia sobre la crisis de los refugiados en  aquí: 
US &amp; allies should establish one or more humanitarian safe zones in order to better protect those fleeing the brutality of the Assad regime
Tomorrow at 10am , the SFRC will hold a hearing on the refugee crisis in the Middle East. Watch live here: 
Well done! Glad to see Port City and all the VA breweries do so well at this year's   
Glad I could catch the @UCI_Cycling races in . Thanks to the @Richmond2015 team, Mayor Jones &amp; the community for such a successful event
Watching the elite women's road race in Richmond! @uci_cycling  
Great to meet the team at Blu 1681 in Woodbridge! 
Igualmente! Un placer platicar contigo y por una muy buena discusión sobre la visita del Papa! Gracias @GUPolitics! 
Same! Great to join you &amp; a wonderful group for a thoughtful discussion on the Pope's time in DC. Thanks @GUPolitics 
Virginia is for Science Lovers! The @VAScienceFest kicks off tomorrow. Find out which events are near you: 
About to join @GUPolitics for a discussion on the Pope's historic visit and speech to Congress yesterday 
La visita del Papa a los EEUU nos inspira a celebrar las raíces hispanas de nuestro país. Lee más en @Medium: 
This Eid al-Adha, I pray for the health and safety of all pilgrims and wish an Eid Mubarak to Muslims around the world.
Very much looking forward to discussing this historic day with everyone tomorrow!  
My reaction to @Pontifex's historic &amp; reflective address to Congress  
Loved how @Pontifex set high expectations for Congress &amp; used American examples to show what can be accomplished when people work together
Headed over to the House Chamber. So honored to be here for @Pontifex's address! 
I'll be on CNN @NewDay this morning at 8am discussing the first @Pontifex address to Congress in history. Tune in!
Joining the @Morning_Joe crew soon to discuss why @Pontifex's Congressional address comes at such an important time in our country 
Emocionado por hablar con @lorimontenegro a las 7am antes del discurso del  al Congreso – sintonízate a @telemundonews!
Pope Francis is set to address Congress today. I'll talk w/@ABC7News soon on why I'm looking forward to hearing his message 
Speaking with @wusa9 at 6:25am to discuss my thoughts before @pontifex's historic address to Congress today 
Want to thank @SenBrianSchatz for his leadership on this bill. It helps right a horrible wrong.
Proud to co-sponsor the Restore Honor to Service Members Act for  troops dishonorably discharged pre-DATD repeal
Later this week I'll share my thoughts at @Georgetown on the Pope's address to Congress : 
Watching time trials at the @UCI_cycling World Championships in ! @richmond2015 
Lea mi opinión en @RTDNEWS sobre la conexión importante entre la visita del Papa y la herencia hispana en los EEUU 
Read my op-ed in the @RTDNEWS on the important connection between Pope Francis' visit &amp; America's Hispanic heritage: 
It's official! Virginia's @longwoodu was just selected to host the Vice Presidential debate in 2016 - congrats!
The Pope is in DC, which means so is the popemobile! Check out the evolution of @Pontifex's ride over the centuries: 
Sad to hear of the passing of Yankees legend Yogi Berra. His remarkable career &amp; infectious personality will never be forgotten
Read my latest @Medium story about my experiences fighting housing discrimination in Richmond: 
Addressed a group of religious leaders on the Hill this afternoon shortly after Pope Francis arrived today  
Emocionado por la visita de  y escuchar su discurso histórico a una junta del Congreso este Jueves 
Excited to have  in town and to hear his historic address to a joint meeting of Congress on Thursday 
Wishing all Virginians and those around the world observing Yom Kippur a peaceful, easy fast
Use of body cameras is an approach that can increase transparency &amp; build positive relationships b/t police &amp; communities they bravely serve
.@MarkWarner and I announced that 5 VA localities will receive federal funding for police body cams. More info here: 
Ejerce tu derecho a votar! Contacta @vaELECT para registrarte. La fecha límite es 13 de octubre. 
Anne and I love Edd and Dana and are so heartbroken to hear about this tragic news. Praying for all those affected.  
RT @Reagan_Airport: Veterans aboard the first all female Honor Flight arrive to a hero's welcome @Reagan_Airport 
On , exercise your right to vote! Get in touch with @vaELECT to register. Deadline is Oct. 13th
Because the 20-week abortion ban violates the 14th Amendment &amp; 40 years of  precedent, I voted against it
With @pontifex addressing Congress Thursday, I'll discuss what his visit means to me with @fox5newsdc at 7:30AM: 
Discussing @pontifex’s upcoming historic speech to Congress with @WNEW in a few minutes. Hope you can tune to  FM
Saddened that one of VAs finest, Trooper Nathan-Michael Smith, passed away while serving in the line of duty. My prayers are with his family
I was honored to celebrate Bob’s 100th birthday in  last year &amp; I know his legacy will live on in the community he created &amp; loved
In Bob Simon, Virginia has lost a visionary who recognized all humans ought to be able to live together and be neighbors.
Wishing a very happy birthday today to a fantastic father-in-law, Gov. Linwood Holton!
 kicks off the @UCI_cycling championships with an opening ceremony at Brown’s Island tonight! 
@IAFF4145 Absolutely. It's why I've co-sponsored the bill and will fight to see it pass Congress. Met w/VA and NYC firefighters this week
Congrats to Mark Dorsey of West Point High School on being named VA Principal of the year. Go Pointers! 
Congrats to Mark Dorsey of West Point High School on being named VA Principal of the year. Go Pointers! 
Welcome announcement of US coordinator for  implementation – vigilant oversight and enforcement essential &amp; Amb. Mull will be key
Puedes leer mis declaraciones enteras sobre   aquí 
Los latinos son una parte integral de nuestra nación. Emocionado por celebrar  juntos!
Intro'd a bill that will empower institutions, like @TCCva, to grow regional maritime workforce in Hampton Roads: 
I've introduced a pair of bills that expand quality preschool programs. Learn more about them here:  
Expanding access to early childhood education prepares more students for a lifetime of learning  
We can help reduce the achievement gap by expanding &amp; improving early learning opportunities for children 
A little singalong this morning at the  early learning rally on the Capitol lawn! 
Excited to join @nwlc &amp; @MomsRising on the Capitol lawn this morning for an early learning relay! Let's help kids get !
RT @nwlc: Our laces are tied, our game faces are on &amp; @SenBobCasey is here too, ready to race  on Capitol Hill! …
RT @MomsRising: 5 MIN until start of  relay race! Our tiny racers are ready! Can you back them up? 
Joining @MarkWarner on a bill to help thousands of "Blue Water" veterans who were harmed by Agent Orange 
@TimBurnIAFF I'm a strong supporter &amp; co-sponsor of . Met w/ first responders today to discuss this important bill 
If Congress fails to act, critical 911 health programs will begin to expire on 9/30. Urge Congress to  
We owe it to our 9/11 heroes to provide them w/the care they need &amp; deserve. Congress must  &amp; make these programs permanent.
I stand w/Jon Stewart as he walks the halls of Congress w/our 9/11 first responders urging Congress to . RT if you do too.
Met with VA &amp; NYC firefighters who are advocating for , a bill I'm proud to co-sponsor @IAFFNewsDesk 
We must  to give citizens the protections they need to exercise their constitutional right to vote
Fight vs ISIL is growing in complexity and it is urgent for Congress to issue a new  that can define  mission objectives
Welcomed King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to Congress 
Le di la bienvenida al Rey Felipe VI y la Reina Letizia de España al Congreso 
America has come far in its march towards a more equal society. Opening doors of opportunity will make us a stronger nation 
Honored to speak on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial today to mark the end of the @NAACP's  
I'm headed to the Lincoln Memorial to join @NAACP leaders marking the end of the Journey for Justice march 
By letting them use prior-prior year data, we can empower families &amp; students &amp; speed up a disjointed application process for financial aid
Applaud the @WhiteHouse announcement on @FAFSA forms. This step will help students make informed decisions about their higher ed options
Happening now: @POTUS &amp; @arneduncan discuss college affordability &amp; changes to @FAFSA application process: 
Wishing a happy and healthy New Year to everyone observing Rosh Hashanah
Sad to hear of the passing of Petersburg native Moses Malone, one of the NBA's all-time greats. He will be missed.
Apprenticeship programs are critical to growing our nation’s talented workforce. Read more about my bill here: 
This bill provides much-needed care to thousands of individuals who are currently ill or at-risk of becoming ill because of the 9/11 attacks
Proud to co-sponsor the James Zadroga 9/11 Health &amp; Compensation Reauthorization Act: 
Today, we honor the thousands who lost their lives on 9/11/2001 &amp; those who served in the wars that followed  
You can watch my speech from the floor of the Senate following the  vote here: 
@AndyjudxUSA I addressed this more in detail on the floor after the vote 
GOP unwillingness to allow an up or down vote on the  with a 60 vote threshold - as agreed to - is unfortunate &amp; disappointing
I voted in support of the  today. This deal honors the best traditions of American diplomacy &amp; makes the world safer
Tomorrow is more important than yesterday. The  puts the  &amp; world in a better position than the status quo with Iran
I believe using diplomacy before military force is fundamentally part of our American values &amp; creates a more peaceful world 
Just as a strong military enhances diplomacy, strong diplomacy enhances our military might 
There's not one solution to gun violence, but my bill aims to keep guns away from prohibited people  
I'll keep pushing for solutions to make our country safer from gun violence, like universal background checks 
Honored to speak alongside @Everytown @MomsDemand &amp; many other passionate gun reform advocates today  
 
I'm headed to the @Everytown &amp; @MomsDemand rally for commonsense solutions to prevent gun violence 
You can read our letter here: 
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; @Sen_JoeManchin to call for an investigation into FDA decision to approve OxyContin for children as young as 11
I'm heading to the Senate floor to explain why I'm supporting @TheIranDeal and diplomacy. Watch here 
Speaking w/@mitchellreports soon on @TheIranDeal &amp; why the US must follow its tradition of diplomacy with adversaries to achieve peace
My staff is hosting office hours at noon in the Rockbridge Regional Library in Lexington. Stop by with questions: 
.@IranDeal is far better than status quo &amp; follows tradition of US diplomacy w/adversaries to achieve lasting peace 
Talking to Jimmy on @1140WRVA about my new bill, the Responsible Transfer of Firearms Act. Tune in here: 
About to join @1070WINA to discuss steps we can take to prevent gun violence &amp; increase accountability. Listen live: 
In a few minutes I'll speak with the crew of @Morning_Joe on the @IranDeal &amp; the latest from the Senate review process. Tune in!
I'll be up early tomorrow to discuss the @IranDeal with the crew from @Morning_Joe. Tune in around 6:40am if you can.
It was an honor to promote a former defense fellow of mine, James Reeve, to Commander in the @USNavy today 
RT @JeffFlake: Good piece by @washingtonpost on need for  @timkaine 
I will also discuss my new bill that holds gun sellers accountable for selling firearms to prohibited people. Tune to @CSPAN 2 soon
I'm headed to the Senate floor to pay tribute to Alison Parker, Adam Ward and the @WDBJ family
Schools are back (like Congress!) this week. Good luck to all of Virginia's students and teachers as they return to class and their studies
No one should be able to casually place an illegal firearm in the hands of a felon or other prohibited persons 
I'm introducing a bill today that would hold gun sellers responsible for sales to felons or other prohibited persons: 
Happy  to all American workers. To our brothers and sisters in the labor movement--so much to thank you for and so much more to do!
My staff will be hosting Kaine Connects office hours in Lexington next week, Sept. 9th! More information here: 
15 days and counting until Richmond hosts the @UCI_cycling World Championships! Learn more here:  @richmond2015 
RT @AmbassadorPower: As we approach 20th anniversary of historic  conf on women's rgts we call on govts to empower women, not imp…
Drug abuse is harming communities across VA. Grateful @HillaryClinton is focused on combating this epidemic: 
So proud of @MarkHerringVA's accomplishments – we’re lucky to have him as AG &amp; I'll work to make sure he can continue his strong leadership
I support the  – it takes a nuclear weapons program that was near success &amp; disables it peacefully for many years @TrumanProject
The  is not about making an ally out of an adversary. It's about denying an adversary a path to a nuclear weapon @TrumanProject
Stood with post-9/11 veterans from the @TrumanProject in support of the  &amp; diplomacy today in Richmond 
At 2:00 PM today, @TrumanProject, post-9/11 veterans and I will discuss why we're supporting the 
Teaching safe relationship behavior, like what constitutes consent, in secondary school can help prevent campus sexual assault 
RT @WhiteHouse: Take the pledge to help stop sexual assault, and RT this so your friends can, too:  
https://…
Shared my experiences advocating for fair housing practices at the @HUDgov  conference 
Watch the  Conference live here: 
Excited to help kick off @HUDgov's  Conference today with Fmr. VP Mondale &amp; @SecretaryCastro!
RT @HUDgov: Join us tomorrow at 9 am EDT for the kickoff off the  conference. Watch live →  http://t.…
RT @WDBJ7: We love you, Alison and Adam. 
Praying for Vicki Gardner's recovery following this horrific act of violence
Heartbroken by senseless tragedy in Moneta this morning. Deepest sympathies to loved ones of Alison and Adam and the entire @WDBJ7 family
Great step by @NovaAccess on dual enrollment. Will help increase college access and reduce student debt!
 today as the @NatlParkService celebrates its 99th birthday! Free admission at Virginia's beautiful parks
Free admission to @ShenandoahNPS tomorrow to celebrate the Park's 99th birthday!  
A read from @TheAtlantic on Congress' neglect to authorize a year-long war vs ISIL 
What's your favorite @dbbrewingco beer? I recommend the Eight Point IPA 
A fun way to conclude my week in VA. Touring @dbbrewingco in Lexington with Mayor Elrod! 
Great to see @USArmy CPT Haver &amp; 1LT Griest pass Ranger school, making history. Military heading in right direction for gender integration
In Radford earlier brainstorming how federal policy can play a role in reducing the amount of opioid deaths in VA 
Concluding my 5-day economic tour with a focus on how to combat the opioid abuse epidemic, which impacts families &amp; employers across VA
Just threw out the first pitch at the Pulaski Yankees game in historic Calfee Park! 
Kudos to Norfolk – today named by @WhiteHouse as 1 of 10 Resilience @americorps target cities for its strong work on climate resilience
Met with employees and toured one of Galax's largest employers: @Vaughanbassett Furniture Company 
Visited Carroll County High School to check out the country's first STEM lab for vocational agriculture! 
Enjoying the view from Lovers Leap! Next stop, Hillsville. 
While touring @NewCollegeInst, I got to witness the unveiling of a new academic coater machine! 
The @NewCollegeInst helps students get the training they need to compete in a competitive global economy 
Heard about @AmericanLegion Post 139's flag going missing. Sending them a new one that's been flown over the Capitol 
Thanks to Mayor Horne &amp; Town Manager Kim Callis for giving me a tour of the historic Colonial Theatre in South Hill! 
First stop on Route 58 today? Emporia to meet with Mayor Person for a retail walk! 
Hosted a discussion with African-American business leaders from Richmond today @theMBL 
RT @AstyraCorp: Astyra is stoked to host @timkaine this afternoon to speak about !  
Joining @WHRO's Cathy Lewis soon to share what I learned in Hampton Roads yesterday. Tune in!
RT @Daily_Press: Sen. @timkaine: Hampton VA progress 'impressive'
 
ICYMI: my @13NewsNow interview today on visiting the Hampton VA &amp; military issues:  
Live w/@13NewsNow soon to discuss my day in Hampton Roads, the  &amp; my continued effort to have Congress vote on a new  vs ISIL
Held a conversation with Latino business leaders today about the issues impacting small businesses in VA Beach 
Saddened by the passing of Julian Bond, promoter of civil rights as SNCC founder, NAACP leader and UVA professor. Thoughts w/his family
Appreciate @WMATA moving up scheduled board meeting to deal with critical safety lapse. Have to deal with these problems ASAP
Next stop today is a forum with local business leaders &amp; @MarkWarner to talk economic development &amp; job growth in Hampton Roads @Chamber757
Kicking off my 5-day tour of Virginia with a visit to the Hampton VA Medical Center 
80 yrs ago FDR signed  into law; it remains our promise to Americans that all deserve economic security in retirement 
La reapertura de la embajada de EEUU en  simboliza una nueva era de diplomacia
The opening of the  embassy in Cuba symbolizes our renewed relationship and a new era of diplomacy
Early morning pic from Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge in VA Beach. Virginia is for nature lovers! @USFWSNortheast 
It’s unacceptable that Metro track problem was detected in July &amp; not dealt with. We need to see dramatic changes, including new leadership
Hey Oakton! My staff is holding Kaine Connects office hours tomorrow at the Oakton Library. Make an appointment here 
Follow me on @medium for longer posts on issues I’m working on, incl. education &amp; pushing Congress to pass an AUMF: 
Well wishes to Louisa High School in @LouisaCountyVA as they begin the school year today in their new school!
Fan of history? Live in Hampton Roads? You can get free admission to @colonialwmsburg Aug 7-14: 
Tomorrow in Burke, members of my staff are holding Kaine Connects office hours at the Burke Centre Library: 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I are pushing for better wages for the Senate's cafeteria &amp; catering employees 
This weekend marked a year of war vs ISIL still w/out Congressional approval. Read yesterday's piece in @PilotOpinion 
Congress has refused to debate or vote on the war vs ISIL for 1 yr. My oped on this anniversary in @washingtonpost:  
I believe there is a bipartisan path forward on a new  in Congress. Read my resolution with @JeffFlake: 
One year into the  mission against ISIL, our servicemembers are doing their jobs but they're still waiting on Congress to do ours 
For 1yr, troops - many from VA - have risked their lives fighting ISIL. Congress owes them a debate &amp; vote on the war 
Thanks to @roanoketimes for writing about why I'm fighting for a new  after one year of unauthorized war vs ISIL 
Check out today's editorial in the @newsadvance about my continued effort to pass an  vs ISIL 
Spoke w/@HuffPostLive on the  &amp; the troublesome reality that Congress is recessing w/out passing an  
ICYMI: As war on ISIL reaches one year &amp; keeps expanding, Congress must debate &amp; vote on a new . My remarks: 
Excited to be doing my first @HuffPostLive interview this morning at 10:40am on the  &amp; . Stream here: 
Read more about the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015  
I remain committed to fully restoring the VRA &amp; hope Congress can work in a bipartisan way to give citizens the protections they need 
For 50 years, the Voting Rights Act has helped ensure Americans are not robbed of this critical means of civic participation 
On my way to @CatoInstitute to discuss the upcoming one year anniversary of the war vs ISIL. Tune in here: 
I'll be on live with @fox5newsdc soon to discuss a year of inaction on a new  against ISIL &amp; the : 
One year of unauthorized war vs ISIL: 4,462 airstrikes. 3,000 troops serving. $ spent per day. A new  is needed as conflict expands
Contrast between Congress' indifference to war vs ISIL and its energetic challenge to diplomacy in  is baffling
One year into the fight vs ISIL, our troops are doing their job. But they are still waiting on Congress to do ours by voting on an 
Speaking on the Senate floor soon about Saturday's one year anniversary of US airstrikes vs ISIL &amp; need to vote on a new bipartisan 
Through @HRSAgov help, Jefferson College of Health Sciences will be able to develop a new baccalaureate nursing degree program for veterans
@MarkWarner @RobWittman and I are congratulating @VIMS_News on 75 years as a leader in marine research &amp; education! 
ICYMI: My speech from the Senate floor yesterday supporting the : 
Speaking to @CatoInstitute Thurs on the one-year anniversary of airstrikes vs ISIL &amp; my efforts to pass a new  
You can watch @POTUS's speech on the  today at @AmericanU at 11:20am right here : 
RT @CatoEvents: Last day to register for tomorrow's policy forum on the fight with ISIS featuring @GeneHealy &amp; @timkaine: …
My office is holding Kaine Connects hours in Chesapeake tomorrow afternoon from 2-4pm. Make an appointment here: 
My office is holding Kaine Connects hours in Henrico County tomorrow on home foreclosure. RSVP here: 
Great to hear that many Virginia communities are participating in  events tonight: 
Three VA schools are in the top 25 @NSCAA preseason rankings for men &amp; women. Congrats to @UVA @OldDominionUniv &amp; @virginia_tech!
The  is not about making an ally out of an adversary. It is about denying an adversary a path to obtaining nuclear weapons
The  takes a nuclear weapons program that was progressing forward and disables it for many years through peaceful diplomatic means
On the , America has shown that patient diplomacy can achieve what isolation &amp; hostility cannot. For this reason, I will support it
In 1962 President Kennedy asked us to go to the moon in 7yrs. In 2015 President Obama asks us to cut air pollution in 15yrs. We can do this
Scientists, military officials &amp; religious leaders all agree: we must combat . I'm glad the  tackles this issue
Important speech from @POTUS today. Read my statement on his : 
For many women &amp; families across the , Planned Parenthood is their only source of high quality health care. That’s why I 
Headed to the floor to vote against legislation that would deny over  million Americans important primary care services 
Introduced a bipartisan bill that will help deter opioid abuse and combat this growing epidemic: 
ICYMI: Here's my floor speech commemorating the 50th anniversary of  &amp;  
RT @CNNEPrensa: Hoy en @CNNDUSA el Sen. Demócrata de Virginia @TimKaine habla de audiencias sobre el acuerdo nuclear con Irán y los 50 años…
VA stands to receive direct economic benefit from expanding . It would mean a $ dollar boost to the economy 
 expansion in Virginia would give up to 400,000 people the chance to afford health insurance 
 helped desegregate hospitals by making them comply with the Civil Rights Act to receive federal funding 
For nearly half a century,  has worked for Virginians  
On my way to the Senate floor to give a speech on the 50th anniversary of  &amp;  
.@SenSherrodBrown &amp; I are urging states to expand . Read our letter here    at50
By making Pell Grants more accessible to students seeking technical skills-training credentials, we can help fill regional workforce needs
The JOBS Act ensures federal higher education policies support a wide-range of career pathways that meet the demands of the 21st century
Just introduced the JOBS Act, a bill that would expand Pell Grants for workforce training programs. More here 
Visit @HuffPostLive at 12:30 to watch @AFTunion's @rweingarten discuss my Teach Safe Relationships Act: 
RT @HIIndustries: Ray Bagley, NNS' VP Trades Operations, talks to @timkaine yesterday after testifying on shipyard best practices. http://t…
In today's @USATODAY, @SenSherrodBrown and I make the argument for expanding  under the ACA. Read it here: 
50 years ago  &amp;  were signed into law. Let's celebrate the historically positive impacts of each program 
Read this @nytimes piece on value of apprenticeship programs &amp; why companies are investing in work-force development: 
In the SASC Readiness Subcmte today we discussed how apprenticeship programs benefit defense industry employers &amp; workers
On Tuesday Aug. 4th, my staff will host Kaine Connects hours in Charlotte Court House on rural mail delivery issues: 
Had lunch with this great group of summer interns today! 
In wake of Charleston shooting, I'm calling on firearm dealers to halt sales until background checks are completed: 
Met with VA's Governor Fellows this afternoon in DC to discuss public service &amp; my time in state &amp; local government 
Thank you to Monica &amp; Nate, VA's hard-working Senate Pages who help keep the Senate floor operating smoothly! 
Check out this profile story on Liam McGranaghan, a local Loudoun Valley HS @usedgov @EPA award winning teacher: 
 for black women helps the whole family succeed. Learn more about the  Act:  
A fair salary can mean the difference between poverty &amp; economic security for a black family.  
Such a zone would allow the flow of unfettered humanitarian aid &amp; ease the burden on countries dealing with an unprecedented refugee crisis
I welcome greater cooperation between the  and Turkey to create a protected zone for the  Syrian refugees who have fled into Turkey
Educación sobre la prevención del abuso sexual debe comenzar en la secundaria. Lee este editorial sobre mi propuesta: 
Education on sexual assault prevention should start before college. Read @NewsInTheBurg’s editorial on my bill: 
25 years since passage, the ADA has helped ensure Americans living with a disability are never victims of discriminatory practices 
Hampton Roads' food bank needs your help. Donate food by calling 757-627-6599 or text FEED to 757-550-3535 
ICYMI: Here's my interview with the @Morning_Joe crew from yesterday discussing Congress' role in the : 
Ayer, hablé con @NoticiasDC sobre los siguientes pasos para el acuerdo nuclear con  en el Congreso. Veálo aquí: 
Additional information about VA's summer meals program can be found here: 
Child hunger increases when school is out for the summer. Text FOOD or COMIDA to 877-877 or call 866-3HUNGRY for assistance in Virginia
My remarks at today's first SFRC  hearing. Glad Congress agreed on this process for constructive debate: 
 Americans still face unfair paycheck &amp; housing discrimination. Support the Equality Act  
On my way to the first  hearing in the SFRC. Watch @JohnKerry @ErnestMoniz &amp; @USTreasury testify: 
Had a great time talking with an impressive group of VA @boyscouts &amp; @girlscouts this morning over coffee &amp; donuts! 
About to share my thoughts going into the first  hearing today with the crew at @Morning_Joe
The  is holding its first hearing on the  tomorrow. Looking forward to a robust debate. Stream it here: 
ICYMI: My discussion w/@kojoshow from last night. Thanks to all who turned out to in Crystal City! @wamu885 
With the first Senate  hearing set for tomorrow in the Foreign Relations Committee, I'll join @Morning_Joe at 7am for a preview
Love seeing  Relationships Act intro'd in the House. Education can be a key tool to prevent sexual assault 
You can read my letter to Secretary Ash Carter here: 
In wake of  tragedy, I'm asking @DeptofDefense to review better options to protect US military facilities from lone wolf attacks
Glad to see there will be a major expansion of the Cyber Crimes Center in Fairfax; @ICEgov is critical to keeping US safe from cyber attacks
I stand w/pregnant workers in VA who deserve to know that their employer has their backs at work during a pregancy  
RT @nwlc: A new baby means new expenses. Workers can't afford to be pushed off the job for being pregnant:  …
My staff is hosting Kaine Connects office hours tomorrow in Colonial Heights &amp; Hopewell. Make an appointment here: 
Make sure to tune to the @kojoshow at noon today to hear my discussion on how military &amp; defense issues affect NoVa: 
Tune to @wamu885 at noon tomorrow to hear our hour-long conversation  
Just wrapped up  w/ @kojoshow &amp; the great folks who came out to talk about issues impacting Northern VA's defense community
Congress has a big role to play in reviewing the . Joined @CharlieRoseShow last week to describe the process 
I have major concerns about this idea &amp; have expressed them to my Senate colleagues. Hopeful it will be dropped  
Great step by @POTUS today to protect our nation's brave servicemembers &amp; their families from unscrupulous lenders:  
Congrats to @FirstLadyVA! She just received the @VirginiaPTA Child Advocate of the Year Award for her work on childhood hunger in VA
Met interns from @NatlParkService's @Wolf_Trap who shared what they hope to do with their experience this summer 
Congrats to the 6 @NASA_Langley engineers honored with the "Silver Snoopy" award for contributions to human space flight &amp; mission success!
Critical broadband investment by the @USDA today in SWVA. More from @MarkWarner and I

 in 1969 America put a man on the moon. Check out @TIME's great collection of photos from the lunar surface 
I hope everyone throughout the Commonwealth is staying cool &amp; hydrated today as high temperatures begin to peak this afternoon
La reapertura de embajada de  marca nueva era de diplomacia en Latinoamérica. Esta relación renovada puede beneficiar ambos países
Re-opening of 's embassy marks a new era of US diplomacy in Latin America. This renewed relationship can benefit both countries
My staff will be hosting Kaine Connects office hours tomorrow in Dumfries and Lorton. Make an appointment here: 
Thank you to the dedicated volunteers &amp; medical professionals at @ramusaorg for providing critical health care services in SWVA this weekend
Thanks for your leadership on this issue in VA! 
Proud to cosponsor the Older Americans Act, which will improve the quality of life for VA's senior population: 
Eid Mubarak! Wishing a joyous Eid al-Fitr to Muslims around the world today
Good morning Richmond! Joining Jimmy on @1140WRVA to talk about the Congressional outlook for the . Stream: 
Tune to the @jfradioshow. Discussing the busy week in Washington, including the  &amp; passage of the  
National Parks not only benefit VA's economy, but also hold intrinsic values we must preserve for future generations @AT_Conservancy @NPCA
Would like to thank @AT_Conservancy for honoring me tonight. But, the real honor goes to you for all the work done on behalf of the trail
Excited to talk about my time on the Appalachian Trail &amp; the economic benefits of our National Parks at tonight's @AT_Conservancy Gala!
Medical supplies will be delivered to @ramusaorg in SWVA  unmanned aviation technology! Amazing story: 
Caught some shade with students from @MLWGS today just before the  vote!  
Tragic news coming out of Chattanooga today. My heart goes out to the families of those lost in this senseless act of violence
High-quality technical information is an important part of the educational spectrum. Glad  will recognize CTE as core curricula
Teaching students earlier about consent &amp; healthy communication will help prevent domestic violence &amp; sexual assault 
Teach Safe Relationship Act provisions in  will equip our students with knowledge on safe relationship behavior
A commonsense idea by @UVA students to help prevent sexual assault just passed the Senate on a bipartisan vote  
I voted for the  because it will make our schools stronger &amp; ensure they teach students about safe relationship behavior
Discussing  &amp; Congress' role in reviewing it on @NewsHour around 6:10 w/@SenatorIsakson &amp; @JudyWoodruff 
Cosponsored National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act that will help care for people living with pre-diabetes &amp; diabetes @JDRF 
Check out my latest @Medium story on how the Senate can help prevent sexual assault by passing  
Just spoke with HBCU Presidents, including @VSUTrojans Interim President Hammond! 
Meeting soon with Presidents of HBCU's on the Hill celebrating 125 years of the Morrill Act of 1890!
Looking forward to meeting the delegates &amp; discussing how we can improve lives of those living with diabetes  
RT @CNNEPrensa: Hoy en @CNNDUSA hablamos con el Senador demócrata de Virginia @TimKaine sobre el acuerdo para frenar el programa nuclear de…
Here's my statement from earlier today 

 
 has been bipartisan this Congress. Let's work together to give ex-offenders a better shot at a second chance 
.@POTUS is right. US must reform sentencing laws &amp; improve community-based services for former offenders 
More on the Teach Safe Relationships Act here: 
Improved education before college can help prevent sexual assault on &amp; off college campuses. My @PilotOpinion op-ed: 
Congrats to @NASANewHorizons on the . What an amazing scientific feat for mankind nearly a decade in the making!
Looking forward to working with my Senate colleagues on a constructive review of the  in the days and weeks ahead
The  public deserves to have Congress review the  to ensure it is in our national security interest.
A nation’s commitment to diplomacy is every bit as important as its commitment to military strength 
Applaud the  negotiating team for its hard work to find a diplomatic solution to peacefully limit Iran’s nuclear program 
My full statement here: 
Teaching students skills applicable in everyday life, like financial planning, are valuable practices that will help them succeed 
Senate just passed my career readiness amdt that rewards schools that provide students with work-based learning opportunities 
By expanding access to early childhood education, we can prepare more students for a lifetime of learning  
Quality  programs provide students with a , help close the achievement gap and benefit the nation as a whole
Congrats to Regina Warriner, teacher at Midlothian HS, who was selected to attend @CSPAN's  @ccpsinfo
Read about my recent CODEL to Kuwait, Iraq, &amp; Turkey focused on the mission vs  &amp; humanitarian crisis in Syria: 
Tire manufacturers in Salem know there's been wrongdoing from Chinese trade practices. @MarkWarner &amp; I know it too: 
Happening now - the @WhiteHouse &amp; @POTUS are holding the 2015 . Stream the discussion live here:  @WHAging
Proud to serve on the  Conference Committee. Looking forward to thoughtful, bipartisan debate on our nation's defense priorities
ICYMI: My floor speech on how my Teach Safe Relationships Act fits into the  bill: 
 has acted and now it's time for Congress to do the same  
My full statement here: 
Giving negotiators time to make sure they get the best deal possible with  is better than walking away from progress that’s been made
So many @PPFA advocates here on the Hill today! Thank you for supporting the  Relationships Act
Secondary schools should play a role in promoting safe relationship behavior. It can make our country safer  
 Relationships provision in  bill would place a higher emphasis on discussions about safe relationship behavior
The Confederate flag is a symbol of division. SC legislature &amp; @nikkihaley made the right choice to remove it from statehouse grounds
Headed to the Senate floor to give a speech on the  provisions in  bill cc: @clairecmc
In confirmation hrg today, @GenDunford agreed Congress must authorize war vs  - shows support to troops &amp; commitment to defeat enemies
Senate just showed students we understand college &amp; career readiness are critical goals by recognizing  among our core academic subjects
 is a solution for creating jobs, retraining workers w/skills to fill open positions &amp; ensuring students are college &amp; career ready
Glad my colleagues adopted my bipartisan  amendment to  Act. Let's ensure students are prepared for career success!
Heading to the floor to voice support for my  amendment to . Hope my colleagues will support this commonsense measure
Joining @WTOP to discuss why emphasizing safe relationship behavior in secondary school could prevent sexual assault: 
On air soon w/@tvmp1015 to share my thoughts on why we should  relationships in secondary schools. Listen: 
After meeting w/@UVA students, I intro'd  Relationships Act that is now in . Joining @WCNRTheCorner: 
Talking with Steve &amp; Allison on @fox5newsdc live this morning at 8 on my  Relationships Act. Tune in here: 
New @CDCgov report should push Congress to embrace a comprehensive approach to fighting America's heroin epidemic: 
RT @rweingarten: Key provisions of Sens @timkaine &amp; @clairecmc's  Relationships Act included in  Act! http://t…
Joined my friend @MarkWarner to push Congress &amp; the President to avoid crisis and reach a budget deal. Our letter: 
The UCI Road World Championships are in Richmond this Sept. More details here:  @richmond2015 
VA was well-represented on the @ussoccer_wnt. @MarkWarner &amp; I want to congratulate their  performances! 
Was on @Morning_Joe earlier to share perspectives on US strategy vs ISIL &amp;  after my recent Middle East trip:  
Today marks 11 months of airstrikes vs ISIL, all without an  from Congress. Joining the @Morning_Joe crew now to share my thoughts
 Relationships Act would help ensure secondary schools teach safe relationship behavior  
Educating students about healthy relationships can help raise awareness &amp; prevent sexual violence  
Thrilled  Act introduced today includes key  Relationships Act provisions cc: @clairecmc 
VA coming in strong! @alikrieger, @UVaWSoccer Coach Swanson, fmr players @moeebrian @beckysauerbrunn &amp;  Coach Ellis - fmr W&amp;M star
World champions! Congrats to the  on such an exciting World Cup victory  
LET'S GO ! @ussoccer_wnt vsJPN 
 40 years ago, Richmond's own Arthur Ashe became the first African-American to win .
Happy 4th of July! Thank you to our troops serving abroad. Photo from CODEL w/Commanders stationed in Moron, Spain 
Thank you to all the FSO's who work in embassies worldwide. Photo w/officers &amp; interns (from @UVA!) in Ankara, Turkey 
It’s time for Congress to do its job. We owe our servicemembers fighting ISIL a vote on a new AUMF that defines our mission
Back stateside after a CODEL to the Middle East focused on the  mission against ISIL &amp; the humanitarian crisis in Iraq and Syria
Today's @USIndianAffairs announcement is a big step towards righting a historical wrong. Hopeful this will spur action for other VA tribes
The Pamunkey are the first VA Indian tribe to receive federal recognition, over 400 years after making contact w/the first European settlers
Thrilled the Pamunkey tribe will finally receive the federal recognition they deserve. My statement here: 
RT @MarkWarner: .@timkaine and I pressed @USOPM today for more details on the security clearance backlog 
El anuncio sobre  marca el inicio de nueva era de diplomacia de EEUU en el hemisferio occid. Mis declaraciones: 
VA can benefit from a renewed US- relationship that will bring more trade, travel &amp; an exchange of ideas that’s been missing for 54yrs
Today's  announcement marks the beginning of a new era in US diplomacy in the Western Hemisphere. My statement: 
Best of luck to the @ussoccer_wnt tonight! A chance to play in the World Cup Final is on the line and  
Moved by a visit to an urban  center today in Gaziantep, Turkey. Only 97 km's from Aleppo. With @TulsiGabbard 
Since '07, the @EximBankUS has helped VA businesses export $2 billion in goods &amp; services around the world  
Ahead of the @EximBankUS expiration tonight, my friend @MarkWarner &amp; I have a message for our colleagues  
CODEL was in Erbil yesterday. Met w/Kurdistan Regional Government PM @NBarzani &amp; President @masoud_barzani 
Offered condolences to people of  following Friday's horrific ISIL bombing. Pictured here at the Grand Mosque 
Just landed in Amman after 3 days in Kuwait &amp; Iraq as part of a CODEL focused on  mission vs ISIL &amp; humanitarian crisis in Iraq &amp; Syria
Great win by the @ussoccer_wnt tonight! Let's go  
What a week! Excited to celebrate with @vademocrats and @hillaryclinton at tonight's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in Fairfax
For millions, we must improve efforts to treat &amp; prevent Alzheimer's  @alzassociation 
Great to discuss current events &amp; other issues with @MountVernon Leadership Fellows this morning! 
 
Today is an important step in our continuing quest to create a more perfect union 
Today we welcome the end to discriminatory bans that have denied same-sex couples the privileges &amp; joys of marriage 
Same-sex couples will now have their relationships treated with the full legal dignity &amp; respect they deserve  
Headed to  to speak on the future of America's role in the world, global engagement, and passing a new  vs ISIL @TrumanProject
RT @SenBobCorker: I’m a man of my word, @timkaine. Congrats, @UVABaseball. And congrats to @VandyBaseball on an outstanding season! http://…
Fulfilling his end of the bargain on last night's  game, @SenBobCorker stopped by with Old #7 in hand  
 ruling in  is a direct rejection of the heartless effort led by health care law opponents to push families off coverage
Applaud  ruling in . Nearly 300,000 Virginians rely on the tax credits to access high quality, affordable health care
Big congrats the @UVAbaseball team on winning their first  championship last night. National champs! 
Here we go Hoos! Hoping @UVAbaseball can bring home its first  championship tonight 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I met with the Lee County Hospital Authority, working to reopen local hospital. Discussed steps today 
It's on ! @UVAbaseball   
Hey @SenBobCorker. I'll wager a bottle of Reservoir bourbon from VA that the Wahoos take down the Commodores in the  tonight…
Deeply saddened to hear of Chief Bryant’s passing. She was a strong leader for the Monocan people and a pioneer for women
As the nation focuses on removing symbols of racism, it's important we also remove barriers preventing anyone from exercising 
50 yrs after passage of the , @MarkWarner &amp; I co-sponsored a bill to defend  for all Americans 
Spoke to @theNASciences on  &amp; why the future of US economy depends on well-educated &amp; skilled workforce 
Excited to speak about my work on  initiatives in the Senate today at @theNASciences Middle-Skills Symposium
Clutch win by the @UVAbaseball team last night to force a decisive final game in the  tonight. Good luck and !
Rooting for a @UVAbaseball victory tonight to keep their championship hopes alive! !
Congrats to the female enlisted sailors who were selected as the first to train for active duty aboard a @USNavy sub 
This bill improves oversight &amp; coordination at @DeptVetAffiars to help prevent future tragedies 
Intro'd the Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act, which will combat opioid overmedication of our veterans 
My full statement here: 
I support @GovernorVA's decision to remove the Confederate flag from VA issued license plates. This is the right call for the Commonwealth
Hello quarterfinals! Great win by the @ussoccer_wnt last night vs Colombia  
It's game time for the Hoos! Best of luck to @UVABaseball as they begin their second straight  
 tonight! Good luck to the @ussoccer_wnt as they take on Colombia  
Creation of Presidential CTE Scholars helps recognize pivotal role  plays in preparing students for the workforce 
Last May, I called on @POTUS to expand Presidential Scholars program to include  – thrilled he signed exec order to do just that today
Congrats to @TCWTitans rising senior Iesha Kenney who won a bronze medal at the @AIBA_Boxing Women's Youth Championship!
Wahoowa! What a win by @UVABaseball over the weekend. Looking forward to the start of tonight's  rematch vs Vandy
From my family to yours, happy Father's Day!
Hope everyone in Northern Virginia is staying safe through these severe storms tonight
Introduced the Middle Step Act which encourages students to take full advantage of CTE courses available to them 
Ramadan Kareem to Muslims in Virginia and across the world. May this be a blessed and reflective month
RT @dnchodak: Thanks to @timkaine @SenKaineOffice for reintroducing the Middle School Technical Education Program (STEP) Act!
RT @AFW2: @timkaine @usairforce @warriorgames Thank you for supporting  during the !
Met members of team @usairforce at the conclusion of the @warriorgames opening ceremony in Quantico  
Let the @warriorgames begin! Good luck to this year's amazing warrior athletes  
This  reminds us how far  has come in its march towards a more equal &amp; open society, but also how far we have to go
For nearly two centuries  has been a symbol of the struggle for freedom, equality &amp; human rights in our country. 
This , we remember the victims of the  shooting &amp; all those who have fought &amp; died in the name of justice
Cost of war vs ISIL: approx. $ – that’s an avg cost of $9 million/day. Amazing that there has been no meaningful debate on an  yet
How can we have voted on vehicle rust in Senate  but not on the war against ISIL ? 
Met with interns from the @CHCI who are aspiring to be our country's next great latino leaders 
RT @CHCI:  Summer Interns meet with Senator @timkaine 
Debate on defense bill has included many issues big and small, but not a new  against ISIL-headed to the floor to speak on this now
Logging on in a few minutes to kick off a Facebook Q&amp;A on authorizing the  mission against ISIL. Looking forward to your questions!
Holding a Facebook Q&amp;A at 11:00am today to discuss mission vs ISIL &amp; passing a new . Join the conversation here: 
Deeply saddened at the horrible tragedy in Charleston last night. Thoughts and prayers are with the victims' families and friends
On air w/@jfradioshow in a few minutes to talk about the latest on a  against ISIL &amp; . Listen live here: 
Made the trip over to the House side for the @NASA_Wallops 70th anniversary celebration! 
Annie of Great Falls earned @SpaceX's first ever high school  scholarship. Read her story of perseverance here: 
RT @VA_Immigrants: Thank you @timkaine for supporting . Great Speech! You can watch it here:   http://t…
Congrats to @NEHgov History Day participant Mia Lazar of Blacksburg!  
Great discussion over lunch with my DC summer interns today! 
ICYMI: My speech from the Senate floor earlier.  and these VA  are proving why 
Hope you can join me live at 11am ET on Facebook tomorrow for a Q&amp;A on the need to pass a new  against ISIL 
 in Virginia. On my way to the Senate floor to tell stories about VA  benefiting from the  program
Congrats to @ussoccer_wnt on advancing to the next stage of @FIFAWWC!  
ICYMI: My remarks today after attending an @FTA_DOT briefing on Metro safety management concerns 
Sat down w/@USAID Administrator nominee Gayle Smith today. Proud to support her nomination to this critical post 
RT @SenBlumenthal: The  aims to protect servicemembers &amp; their families from abusive financial practices: htt…
RT @HuffingtonPost: The Democrats' old leaders on foreign policy or gone or going. Meet the new guard. 
I will keep working with MD and VA congressional colleagues to ensure  enacts @FTA_DOT safety recommendations released tomorrow
Unless Congress is willing to pass a long-term transpo bill, aging infrastructure &amp; inadequate funding will keep causing transit challenges
Stood w/@MarkWarner, @SenatorBarb &amp; @SenatorCardin today to urge Metro to make necessary @FTA_DOT safety upgrades
Intro’d a bill w/@MarkWarner to provide stronger protections for servicemembers from predatory financial practices 
Los últimos 3 años,  ha permitido que miles de  no vivan en las sombras y que contribuyen a nuestro gran país works
For 3 yrs,  program has let thousands of  come out from the shadows to contribute more fully to our beloved country works
The Magna Carta was signed 800 years ago . The document's principles are still reflected today in the British &amp;  Constitutions
When women are treated equally in the workplace &amp; given affordable access to contraception, families across Virginia are stronger
Cosponsored two bills to expand access to affordable health care for women &amp; protect female workers. Read more here: 
You can also always reach out to one of my 6 state offices in Richmond, Virginia Beach, Danville, Roanoke, Abingdon &amp; Manassas!
We're settling into our new DC office space this wk. Come visit 231 Russell! For casework help/questions, click here: 
The @usarmy turns 240 years old today. Thank you to all the soldiers, past &amp; present, for your sacrifices in the defense of freedom
 in 1967, love prevailed. Loving v. Virginia ended the prohibition of interracial marriages in America. Let's celebrate 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I received an update on reducing @DeptVetAffairs wait times in VA this afternoon 
Stood w/bipartisan colleagues today to intro a bill that would award a Congressional Gold Medal to Filipino WWII vets 
Met future service academy cadets &amp; midshipmen from VA w/@MarkWarner this morning. Congrats &amp; thank you for serving 
The VA delegation is standing together in opposition to efforts to stall construction of the  at Fort Pickett 
Talking with @FM99WNOR's Rick Rumble shortly on America's war vs ISIL &amp; why our troops deserve a Congressional  
Good morning Charlottesville! Tune to @1070WINA to hear my thoughts about authorizing the current war vs ISIL  
About to join Jimmy on @1140WRVA to talk about whether the  can pass a bipartisan . Listen live:
Joining @fox5newsdc to discuss the latest in my push for a Congressional vote on an  to combat ISIL. Tune in 
Sat down with @JMU President Jon Alger today to discuss ways to improve access to affordable higher education 
Dr. Billington's impact will be forever felt in the halls of @librarycongress. Thank you for 27 years of dedicated public service to the US!
Discussing path forward on an  against ISIL in  with @NewsChannel8 soon. Tune in or stream it live here: 
The economic impacts of  in Hampton Roads are real. Flooding from sea-level rise could threaten local businesses, tourism
Introduced @ODUnow's Ray Toll at a Senate  meeting where he explained the major impact of sea level rise on Hampton Roads
To , America needs innovative solutions. Met with Senate colleagues today to discuss the economic impact of 
I have confidence the , which took a partisan  issue &amp; made it nonpartisan, can find a similar path forward to pass an 
Thanks to @SenBobCorker for committing to hold a Foreign Relations Cmte mtg on a path forward for an ISIL 
Congress owes the servicemembers fighting ISIL a discussion and vote on . It's a constitutional duty that should not be ignored
Haven’t given up on finding a path forward on . Joined colleague @JeffFlake to intro 1st bipartisan  for  consideration today
I spoke with @CBS6 last night about my bipartisan  amendment that aims to shape &amp; define war vs ISIL. Watch: 
Testified at USITC in support of Salem's @steelworkers petition to ensure and enforce fair trade opportunities for  manufacturers
Shout out to Roanoke's @worldcupdad &amp; the Hemphills! Safe travels in Canada at @FIFAWWC. Enjoy the games &amp; let's go ! 
Congratulations to the @ussoccer_wnt on a great win last night! Next up,  Friday!  
Just voted in Richmond. Make sure you vote in the primaries today! Find out where your polling place is here:  
Will work with NOVA delegation to keep adopting necessary safety steps going forward for commuters
Today's NTSB recommendations for Metro not quick fix. Part of long journey to make Metro safe
It's game time for the @usscoccer_wnt. Let's go Team USA!   
Tune to @CBS6 Richmond at 7:10pm. Discussing my  amendment intro'd today. First bipartisan push in Senate for war authorization vs ISIL
Key provisions of the bipartisan  I introduced with @JeffFlake today: 
RT @sendavidperdue: Proud to have introduced a bipartisan @StateDept reform bill with @timkaine: 
RT @JeffFlake: Offering an  @timkaine that will finally allow Congress to voice its support for the mission against   …
I challenge my colleagues to finally come together to do what’s right for our troops &amp; our nation. Let's pass a bipartisan  vs. ISIL
Inexcusable that Congress has let 10 months of war go by without authorizing the  mission against ISIL 
Just introduced the first bipartisan  w/@JeffFlake as amendment to State Dept reauthorization bill. Read here: 
Good luck to the , and VA's own @alikrieger, tonight in the @FIFAWWC   @usscoccer_wnt
I plan to push my colleagues in the Senate to act in a bipartisan way this week on Operation Inherent Resolve. Stay tuned.
ICYMI: My interview w/@Morning_Joe crew on why I think it's shameful Congress has failed to authorize war vs ISIL 

For 10 months, Congress has shirked its most solemn duty by not weighing in on war vs ISIL. More in the @Daily_Press: 
Today marks 10 months of US military engagement vs ISIL without Congress authorizing this war. Sharing my thoughts w/ @Morning_Joe soon
Thrilled @USNavy has awarded @HIIndustries a contract to begin construction on the USS John F Kennedy in Newport News 
Good luck to @VCUBaseball &amp; @UVABaseball in their  Super Regional round games!  
Following yesterday's data breach: here are some resources to help protect your privacy: 
The  has landed in Yorktown! A historic reminder of the strong bond the  shares with France  @hermionevoyage
It's ! No surprise to me that Richmond's @rvadonuts was named one of the country's best 
Latest data breach is further proof that the  is harming our nat'l security. Need to be investing more resources in 
RT @LukeRussert: Coming next on @shiftmsnbc an in depth discussion w @timkaine about Congress not moving on an  to combat  in …
Read the resolution here 
Intro'd a resolution honoring 50th anniversary of the Griswold v. Connecticut decision, affirming a woman's right to access family planning
.@CFPB needs to implement the strongest possible rules to stop predatory practices in payday lending. My letter: 
As the Senate considers , we need to get serious about  relief. My remarks from the floor today: 
RT @USDOT: Quick tour of structurally deficient  in  1 of 4 US bridges need to be replaced or  …
I support @SenJackReed's amendment to , which requires additional  relief for non-defense accounts
Members on both sides support a balanced approach to  relief b/t defense &amp; non-defense budgets. Now's the time to do it
Mindless sequester cuts to non-defense agencies, especially those tasked w/ natl security like @FBI &amp; @DHSgov, harm our defense capabilities
Heading to the floor to discuss importance of  for VA &amp; why we need to fix harmful  cuts. Watch here: 
VA's task force is laying the groundwork to improve how colleges address campus sexual assault: 
Agree w/@ChrisCoons. Time for the Senate to step up &amp; pass a bipartisan  to support our troops in fight vs ISIL 
Great @RTDNews story on @VCUbaseball's journey to the  Super Regional round 
Hey Virginians! Today is the last day to volunteer at Clean the Bay Day this Saturday w/@chesapeakebay. Sign up here 
Good to see local leaders from Caroline County in  today! 
Headed to a  hearing on the impact an  nuclear deal could have on Middle East policy. Watch live: 
We must get serious about comprehensive background record checks to keep guns away from dangerous people 
H/T to @RepBarbaraLee for passing her  amendment in House Approps Cmte. Congress has an obligation to authorize military force vs ISIL
ICYMI: Video of my remarks in front of  yesterday calling for a long-term bill to  
New study on sea level rise shows 33 miles of roads on the Eastern Shore could be flooded b/t 2025-2050  
Joining @WTOP shortly to discuss why  corrosion should push Congress to act now to  
We can either kick the can over &amp; over or make investments in America to restore our infrastructure to world-class status 
Maintaining our roads, bridges &amp; rail improves the daily lives of VA commuters &amp; elevates our platform for economic growth 
 is just one example of nearly 4,800 VA bridges that are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete 
Lane closures on  will affect VA drivers &amp; cause traffic congestion. Congress cannot wait any longer to 
Spoke near  w/ @RepDonBeyer to show the need to  with a long-term transportation bill 
RT @MarkWarner: Closing 1/3 of the lanes on the --&gt; time for Congress to get serious about fixing our roads &amp; bridges https:…
For the next 6 months,  will be partially closed for emergency repairs after engineers found corrosion 
Headed to  with @RepDonBeyer &amp; @EleanorNorton to call on Congress to pass a long-term transportation bill 
Incredibly saddened to hear of Beau Biden's passing. His was a life dedicated to serving others. My heart goes out to the Biden family.
Removing  from the state sponsors of terrorism list is an important step in the process of starting a new era of normalized relations
Short-term funding patches can't fix the long-term infrastructure problems on  or the other 4,800 VA bridges that need work
Good luck to Glen Allen's Tejas Muthusamy tonight, who has spelled his way to the @ScrippsBee  final round! 
 to a great interview w/@bobschieffer on @facethenation last Sept on   Congrats to Bob on an amazing career!
Enjoyed my 1st @ParkwayBrewing beer brewed in celebration of @papergirlmacy's book-one of my favorite reads in years 
Get ready Virginia Public Access Project. On my way to the @vpapupdates annual luncheon to lighten the room up with some comedy!
Good luck to the talented spellers from Virginia who are competing in the 2015 @ScrippsBee !
Excited to join @JackGravelyShow in-studio to talk about my stops throughout VA this week. Listen live: 
Uniéndome con Demetrio en @lagrand1480 en unos pocos minutos para discutir que he hecho en VA esta semana. 
Hablando con Shalin en Selecta 1320 sobre  &amp; más. Escuchen en vivo aquí: 
Very impressed by the talented staff &amp; state-of-the-art medical equipment helping servicemembers at @NMCP1 
Testing out the simulation technology at Naval Medical Center Portsmouth @NMCP1 
Tune in to @WAVY_News at 4PM for my interview on ISIL &amp; my stops in Hampton Roads today. Watch live: 
Met Cheng, a CIVIC Scholar, before addressing the CIVIC Leadership Institute about lessons from public service 
Thank you to @chesapeakebay &amp; all the volunteers who helped with oyster restoration on the Lafayette River today! 
Lowering a reef ball that oysters will grow on at Knitting Mill Creek 
Kicked off the  planting season by helping @chesapeakebay plant 150 bushels of baby oysters  
Hosting a  in Norfolk this AM. Joining @chesapeakebay foundation to help with oyster restoration on the Lafayette River
BTEC students are improving their community with @Habitat_org by building this home for a Botetourt Co family in need 
From inside BTEC's auto-shop facility where students learn the mechanical trade skills to repair vehicles 
Reunited in Fincastle with my 2015 State Of The Union Guest, Coordinator of CTE for @BCPS_tweets Lisa Barnett! 
Deeply saddened Frank Hall has passed. He was a dear friend and represented Richmond with distinction and enthusiasm. We'll miss him.
On my way to tour the Botetourt Technical Education Center (BTEC) in Fincastle. Stay tuned for photos!
Covered a lot of ground during discussion with Roanoke Asian American biz owners, from minimum wage to infrastructure 
Paying respects at SWVA Veterans Cemetery to those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom  
Honoring the sacrifice of brave Virginia veterans today at @VFWHQ Post 4667 
So much rich culture in SWVA. Touring the Wayne Henderson School of Appalachian Arts before its grand opening in June 
 parade in Marion! @marionvirginia 
Excited to be in @marionvirginia today for all the  festivities! Kicking off the morning with the annual Memorial Day parade
Happy , Virginia! Together, we honor those who have sacrificed in defense of our nation's freedom.
Sunday hiking on Iron Mountain Trail near Feathercamp Ridge, Mt. Rogers National Recreation Area. Mountain laurel &amp; rhododendrons in bloom!
Oscar Romero is a saintly figure for the ages; his life &amp; words continue to offer us guidance today 
My view on the Virginia Creeper trail in Southwest yesterday with Anne 
Enjoyed the chance to discuss the need for a new  vs ISIL with @georgewillf recently. Read his column here: 
Proud that @POTUS signed  Nuclear Agreement Review Act today-final step to ensuring we have constructive process to review deal w/Iran
Thanks to @MountVernon for letting me share my thoughts &amp; reflections on the life &amp; legacy of George Washington: 
Congrats to my Administrative Director Kathy for 30 years of dedicated service in the Senate! 
Henrico County is in town! Great meeting with local leaders &amp; officials today on 2015 priorities 
Cosponsored the Strong Start for America's Children Act, which expands access to early childhood education 
Calling for increased funding for PTC technology w/ @MarkWarner that can help prevent train derailments. Read here 
After 9 months of war against ISIL w/o an , Congress has no right to criticize our strategy. From SASC hearing: 
Our economy &amp; quality of life depends on robust transportation investments. A short term patch kicks the can down our bumpy, unpaved roads
FACT: Nearly 1 in 4 bridges in the  are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete 
Renew the Highway Trust Fund, pass a long-term transportation bill. Our roads need it 
4,800 VA bridges need the investments of a long-term transportation &amp; infrastructure bill, not the uncertainty of a short-term patch
On my way to SASC hearing to talk steps forward in fight vs ISIL. My thoughts? Let's pass an  to define mission &amp; support our troops
About to be on the air with @jfradioshow to talk  &amp; trade. Listen live: 
Good morning Richmond! Joining Jimmy on @1140WRVA in a few to talk , trade, and the week in Washington. Tune in 
RT @CNNDUSA: Sen. @timkaine en @CNNDUSA sobre audiencia de hoy sobre deshielo entre   y Proceso de Paz  …
Proud to welcome the Iraqi Women's Delegation to the office today to discuss international relations &amp; women's rights 
Honored to speak at the Jewish American Heritage Month event in the historic Kennedy Caucus Room 
Joining @mitchellreports to talk  &amp; why it's past time for Congress to do its job &amp; support our troops in fight vs ISIL. Tune in 
Let's not let sea level rise affect our defense readiness- we should give DoD the tools to withstand impacts of  
Studies show rate of sea level rise is accelerating. This poses serious challenges for Hampton Roads  
.@POTUS is right. Effects of  jeopardize national security preparedness, particularly at Naval Station Norfolk 
Ending the travel ban to  will encourage the free exchange of ideas &amp; values, including respect for human rights. It is time.
Headed to a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on path forward for relations between the US &amp; Cuba
Congrats to @UVAMenTennis, who capped off a remarkable year as national champs once again!   @UVA
Delaying  prevents important  reforms &amp; thousands a chance to improve the communities they consider home 
You can see what type of repayment options are available to you on your student loan by clicking here @FAFSA: 
Questions about your student loan? @FAFSA is here to help you. Check out their took kit: 
Learn more about what @usedgov is doing to help students make informed decisions when taking out student loans: 
My full statement on @SpeakerBoehner's comments here: 
This increases urgency for Senate - beginning w/Foreign Relations Cmte - to take up authorizing language &amp; show we support troops
.@SpeakerBoehner's comments on ISIL  today = admission that House cannot initiate discussion of issue of this magnitude
Hey @MaryLeeShark, welcome back to the waters of the Commonwealth. Promise to let our beachgoers enjoy Memorial Day weekend?
Important listen on @npr @MorningEdition - opioid abuse epidemic affects VA too. Congress can't ignore this issue 
Saddened by the loss of mountain music legend Joe Wilson. His spirit will be missed in Southwest Virginia 
Stopped by the @girlscouts reception today and met Lauren Prox, from Newport News. Congrats on her Gold Award! 
By 2040, city blvd into Naval Station Norfolk will be inundated by daily tides several hours per day   
FACT: Hampton Roads is the 2nd largest US population center at risk of sea level rise, behind Nola   
Make sure you tune to @CSPAN 2. @SenWhitehouse taking to the floor for the 100th time on why it's  &amp;  
Happy 50th to @NatlHeadStart program! Early childhood education works and is critical to future success  
Honored to speak at @InovaHealth today on funding breakthrough cancer research through advancements in biotech 
On my way to @InovaHealth for today's event w/ @GovernorVA. Speaking on importance of cancer care &amp; personalized medicine for NoVa
Started my week with a Skype chat with Tallwood High School's Global Studies &amp; World Languages Academy in VA Beach! 
Under the right conditions, trade can benefit our economy. More of my thoughts from Sunday's @RTDNEWS 
Thank you to all the men and women in uniform who sacrifice, serve, and defend this great nation 
Flooding caused by sea level rise impacts Hampton Roads homes &amp; Naval Station Norfolk, world's largest naval base  
There are more than  why it’s  and  now. Submit your reason here  @SenWhitehouse
Just saw some startups using innovative machines &amp; technology (even a 3-D printer!) at @TechShopDC in Arlington 
On Nat'l Peace Officer Memorial Day, we honor our fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice protecting our communities 
Visiting @TechShopDC in Arlington tomorrow! Excited to see the innovative, cutting-edge CTE classes offered @techshop
I challenge my colleagues to demonstrate same courage by passing an  against ISIL
 bill being sent to President's desk = proof that Congress can act in bipartisan way on important matters of foreign policy
w/House passage of  review bill, overwhelming support from both houses for constructive process many didn't think possible at outset
Read my full statement on the FY2016 defense bill here:  
and another that puts the Senate Armed Services Committee on record against harmful sequestration cuts 
Included in : my amendment that improves servicemembers’ post-service employment prospects through reforms to credentialing
Proud  has provisions that will benefit VA's defense community, support shipbuilders &amp; maintain our carrier fleet
Excited that movie on Richard &amp; Mildred Loving's lives will be filmed in VA! It's a powerful story of our civil rights history 
RT @GovernorVA: Gov announces major motion picture on the lives of Richard &amp; Mildred Loving to be filmed in Central VA. …
The Plains Area Day Care Center has provided critical services to families in Rockingham County and is a beloved anchor in the community
Proud to join @RepGoodlatte to intro a bill helping Rockingham Co. Plains Area Day Care better plan for its future: 
A good listen here from @wamu885 this morning on CTE benefiting high schoolers looking to pursue high-skilled jobs 
Applaud the @SECNAV announcement on new personnel policy initiatives. These changes are a step in the right direction for military families
Joined @hereandnowrobin on @hereandnow to discuss Congress' unwillingness to vote on a new  vs  
Talked nonproliferation issues w/Under Sec of @StateDept for Arms Control &amp; International Security Rose @Gottemoeller 
RT @SouthCountyMS: Special thanks to US Sen. Tim Kaine for his visit today to see our Career and Tech programs in action. @timkaine http://…
Great way to start off the week! Saw  in action at @SouthCountyMS &amp; visited w/ @SoCoStallions students in Lorton 
Proud to join the Vietnamese-American community in support of human rights for Vietnam today. 
It’s time for federal contractors &amp; agencies to  – will help expand job opportunities &amp; reduce recidivism 
Loved spending a fun Mother's Day weekend with Anne! So grateful for her, my mom Kathy, and all of the other extraordinary moms out there.
Read my @ForeignPolicy op-ed w/@JeffFlake on  bill,  against ISIL, &amp; bipartisan spirit in the SFRC 
It's time to vote on an  against ISIL 
When we fund infrastructure improvements &amp; transportation projects, it fuels economic growth &amp; creates jobs. Lets build a better Virginia
Had the pleasure of addressing the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission’s Transit Means Business! forum today 
70 years ago today, the allied forces prevailed over evil in Europe on V-E Day. Let us never forget the sacrifice of our  vets
Servicemembers, some from VA, are risking their lives in the mission vs , yet Congress is afraid of risking a vote on it 
9 months of silence on an  leaves the impression that Congress is either indifferent about  or lacks the backbone to do its job
Today marks 9 months of war against  without Congress debating or voting on an  
RT @MarkHerringVA: Some of the great  who've impacted my life: my mother, my wife Laura &amp; @timkaine  …
Change your channel to @PBSNewshour! Speaking with Gwen about the  bill and the chances Congress can pass a new  against 
Tune to @CNN soon. Joining the @CNNSitRoom w/@WolfBlitzer to explain why it's shameful Congress has stalled debate on a new  vs 
RT @SenatorDurbin: Just finished discussion with @AmbassadorRice and colleagues on ongoing crises in  &amp;  …
Proud to join an important bipartisan bill today that reforms an obsolete  law @SenatorTomUdall @DavidVitter 
Next step for the SFRC? Passing a new  for the war vs  with strong bipartisan support
Proud to see 98 yeah votes for the  bill which I worked on with Democratic and Republican colleagues in the SFRC
From an avid @HuffingtonPost reader: Congrats to @ariannahuff &amp; the staff for 10 years of quality journalism &amp; story telling! 
ICYMI: My speech on the Senate floor today:  Tomorrow begins our 10th month of engagement vs  without an 
RT @JeffFlake: Joined @timkaine to pass an AUMF to show our allies &amp; adversaries that Congress is behind the mission to defeat ISIL http://…
Glad to have to support of @JeffFlake on the push for a new  against . This is a bipartisan issue Congress can't be silent on
Congress' silence on a new  is cowardly and shameful. We cannot let this war go on undeclared, unapproved, undefined and unchecked
Today marks 9 months of military engagement against , yet Congress has neglected to authorize the mission 
Headed to the Senate floor now to urge my colleagues to pass a new  against . Watch it live: 
On air with @WTOP at 8:40 to explain why Congress can't keep ducking its obligation to pass a new  against  
I'll be speaking with @fox5newsdc shortly on the urgency to pass a new  in the  mission vs . Watch live 
Tune to @CNN now. About to join the crew at @NewDay to discuss why I'm asking the Senate to quit stalling debate on a new  today
Our troops and their families deserve better. Stay tuned to @CSPAN 2 tomorrow to hear my thoughts
Friday marks 9 months of military action against  &amp; Congress has continued to dodge its obligation to debate &amp; pass a new 
Tune to @ABC7News at 5:15 &amp; @NewsChannel8 at 5:20. I'll discuss why Congress has an obligation to debate &amp; approve a new  against 
Had the pleasure of speaking with @gwNURSING future nurses &amp; their teachers in Ashburn recently  
Thank you to all the dedicated nurses who care for the sick, elderly, our veterans and all those in need  
Great to hear Goochland County resident Charles' personal story at today's @SenateAging hearing on technology helping seniors
Headed to @SenateAging hearing on how advancements in technology are helping seniors live independently. Watch live: 
Its ! Make sure you thank your hard-working teachers for everything they do 
.@usedgov data shows increase in campus sexual assault complaints: 1 more reason to pass Teach Safe Relationships Act
Read my letter w/@MarkWarner urging HHS to make sure women aren't being denied  contraceptive coverage 
Any  tie to  reinforces urgent need for Congress to take up a new . More from me on @TheLeadCNN: 
Joining @jaketapper on @CNN at 4:05 to discuss the attack in  and the need for a new  against 
Any FAA reauthorization bill should not place burdens on Reagan National &amp; jeopardize workload at Dulles. More here: 
Sat down with CEO Nancy Agee of Roanoke based @CarilionClinic to discuss health care services &amp; operations in VA 
Thank you @Martin_Dempsey for extraordinary service as CJCS. He has been a phenomenal leader during a challenging time at home &amp; abroad
GEN "Fighting Joe" Dunford is a proven leader w/extensive experience. He will be an asset in the fight against  &amp; other adversaries
Congrats to Virginians Emma and Tucker, who are  honorees for community service! @PrudentialSpirit 
¡Les deseo un muy feliz Cinco de Mayo a todos los que celebran hoy!
Great discussion w/my former @urichmond student John McAuliff &amp; a group of impressive fellows from @Coro_Pittsburgh 
I'm proud to celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month &amp; honor a community that has shaped our nation in remarkable ways 
Welcomed @SteveCase and the  tour to RVA this morning to talk innovation, talent &amp; entrepreneurial drive 
Glad to see today’s long-overdue federal oil tank car safety standard. The rule will make important changes &amp; help keep our communities safe
 stands with  in its time of need. Read the resolution the Senate passed yesterday offering support: 
Hey @FLOTUS! Team Kaine broke out their college gear for the  initiative anniversary today @ReachHigher 
Happy to be part of @SenateAging Committee. We are devoted to the issues that affect older American's everyday lives 
May is  and I'm proud to cosponsor the Older Americans Act. Learn more about the bill's history: 
Welcome home to the soldiers of the Virginia Beach based 529th CSSB. Thank you for your dedicated service @VaNationalGuard
1yr after the Lynchburg derailment, @MarkWarner &amp; I intro’d a bill to keep communities safe from oil train accidents 
Joined @MarkWarner as a cosponsor of the . Horse soring doesn't belong in equestrian competition. This abusive practice needs to end
Met with some great AVID students from Virginia today on the Hill. Thanks to @MarkWarner for making it happen! 
.@MarkWarner, @RepDaveBrat &amp; I met some Raiders from Atlee HS in Mechanicsville on the Senate steps! @ATLRaiderNation 
Let's restore value to the American ideal that hard work pays off. RT if we should   
According to @nwlc: on avg, women in VA earn 79¢ to every $1 paid to men.  bill would give 21M women in US a raise 
FACT:  bill would directly raise wages of approximately 786,000 Virginians 
Joined @PattyMurray &amp; @repbobbyscott to intro  bill today. Hard workers shouldn't have to live in poverty 
No one who works full-time should struggle to make ends meet   
Me reuní con @imolinarescnn en @CNNEE ayer para hablar sobre Irán, matrimonio igualitario, y más. Vean: 
Happy birthday to my colleague &amp; friend  @repbobbyscott ! Hope it’s a good one
Happening now: sharing my thoughts on this week's events in  w/@JackGravelyShow. Listen live on @WLEE990: 
Heading to a  Hearing on @US_EUCOM. Stream it live here:  @SASCDemocrats @SASCMajority. Talking  &amp; more
Good morning Richmond! Tune to KISS FM now. Catching up w/ @COMMUNITYCLO &amp; discussing events in  @KissRichmond
At 9:10am, tune to @WTOP. Will be speaking with Mike &amp; Joan re:   : Listen here: 
Congrats to VA's own Lamar Greene, who was named a semifinalist in the 2015 College &amp; Career Readiness Campaign  @ACT
We all have a role to play in improving health in .  @VCUSocHealth @RWJF 
Watch Ahkei recite the poem "Football" by Louis Jenkins for me today! Take a look  
Ahkei Togun, from VA Beach, is a @NEAarts  finalist. Congrats Ahkei, you make VA proud!  
Met with GEN Breedlove of @US_EUCOM to discuss defense priorities, , &amp; more 
Thanks to @AmericanLegion for hosting the 2015 Credentialing Summit and bringing attention to barriers to  employment. 
.@GoParks is receiving &gt;$5M to make upgrades and improvements to the @USMC War Memorial in Arlington: 
Met with representatives from the @chickencouncil today to discuss agriculture &amp; food safety 
RT @MarkWarner: VA delegation again urging the Air Force to locate a cyber squadron at Langley AFB 
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; members of the VA delegation to urge @AFSpace to locate a cyber ops squadron at : 
Justice LeRoy Millette has served the Commonwealth admirably. Proud to appoint him in '08. Best wishes to him in retirement.
Beautiful day to speak with students from Bryant Alternative High School on the Senate steps @fcpsnews 
Chatted w/some bright seniors from @StrasburgHS this morning on Skype! Covered a lot of great topics @ShenCoVASchools 
Marriage equality momentum is strong-hopeful  will follow lead of 4th Circult that struck down  ban in Virginia  
RT @ShenCoVASchools: Skyping with Senator Tim Kaine. 
Tune in to @wamu885 during your morning commute for my interview w/ @trulldc on kids fleeing violence in Honduras 
Sat down w/ Bruce on @News8NewsTalk Friday to talk Loretta Lynch, refugee crisis abroad &amp; more. Airs at 1:30 PM: 
Grateful for the service of the VA-based search &amp; rescue team headed to assist in Nepal. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with everyone impacted.
Thanks to @SusanPage for coming by yesterday to chat Iran,  - here's our @CapitalDownload interview 
About to stop by the @LetsTalkLiveDC studio! They asked me to bring my harmonica, so we’ll see what happens…
Proud to announce progress toward construction of embassy security training ctr at Ft Pickett w/ @MarkWarner @RepRobertHurt @Randy_Forbes
After 166 days, the Senate has finally confirmed Loretta Lynch. I'm confident she will work hard to ensure justice for all Americans.
I’ll be live at 12:06PM on the @kojoshow to discuss Iran, transportation &amp; my education priorities. Tune in! 
My statement on the hostages killed in a  counterterrorism operation in January 
Pleased to welcome Honduran President Hernandez to our Capitol after having met with him in Tegucigalpa in February 
Celebrating  with Candice and James from the Blue Ridge and Old Dominion Job Corps centers 
Great lunch with some fantastic interns in our DC office! 
From the Chesapeake Bay to the Cumberland Gap,  reminds us of Virginia's amazing beauty 
RT @sendavidperdue: It was great to work with @timkaine on @StateDept oversight yesterday. 
Enjoyed some trivia &amp; beautiful weather with @FCPSHayfieldSS students on the Capitol steps today! 
.@AshburnRobotics @team5338 @FTCTeams Hard to beat a @SteaknShake burger. Great fuel for a robotics competition!
Good luck to all of the VA @FTCTeams headed to  this week! Special shout out to @team5338 for rebuilding a robot in just 2 weeks!
Experienced, focused, fair. Loretta Lynch has all the attributes of a qualified Attorney General. Let's finally 
Tune in to @mitchellreports now - I'll be discussing congressional review of the Iran nuclear deal
Congratulations to @McConnellWTOP for an incredible 50 years at @WTOP! 
Heading to Budget Conference Committee meeting. Hopeful for an outcome that includes sequester relief. Watch here: 
Excited for tonight's @EqualityVA Commonwealth Dinner! Together we'll keep working toward full equality for LGBT Virginians b/c 
Enjoyed talking economic development in the Valley at the  in Staunton today! Can’t pick a better venue than @shakespearectr
At the dedication of @MaryBaldwinColl's Murphy Deming College-home of the next generation of healthcare professionals 
Congrats to @jorgeramosnews - one of @TIME’s 100 most influential people! Enjoyed our interview last month:  
Opioids should receive careful scrutiny before they enter the marketplace. Introduced a bill to ensure that happens: 
Look forward to catching up with my friend Jimmy Barrett on @1140WRVA at 8:35AM! 
Headed to the Senate floor to commemorate a tragedy, honor a community &amp; challenge Congress to get serious about gun safety 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives that were lost and commit to ending bigotry forever
We remember the 32 lives VT lost 8 years ago today &amp; the spirit of community &amp; hope that it embraced following tragedy 
Great discussion at the  Seminar this morning about how critical an asset @Dulles_Airport is to the Virginia economy.
Going live on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer to talk about the progress to ensure productive congressional deliberation over an Iran deal
Spoke to @cbsthismorning about our efforts to ensure there's a constructive review process of Iran deal in Congress - tune in at 7am!
Great news – Foreign Relations Cmte unanimously approved our constructive process for Congress to review Iran deal 
Proud of work we've done to ensure Congress can review Iran deal in constructive way - headed to bill markup in Foreign Relations now
Congratulations to my friend @gravelyjack for being named interim director of the Virginia @NAACP
On , proud to co-sponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act to address gender-based wage discrimination b/c it’s time for 
On Thomas Jefferson’s 272nd birthday, let’s challenge ourselves to continue advancing his principle that "all men are created equal"
Proud to support @HillaryClinton for nearly 1yr &amp; thrilled to now officially endorse her as candidate for President 
Checking out the particle detector at Jefferson Lab. This facility is an incredible asset for the Commonwealth. 
As @SummitAmericas begins, I look forward to continued growth in the relationships between our country and our neighbors
Great Q&amp;A with @ODUnow ROTC, veterans, active duty servicemembers &amp; model UN students on foreign affairs challenges 
Thanks to @USCG Base Portsmouth for the tour &amp; for all you do to keep our coastline safe &amp; secure 
Root, root, root for the home team! Cheering on the Richmond Flying Squirrels for the home opener tonight @GoSquirrels!
Great meeting with Lynchburg community leaders to discuss issues facing the local African-American community
An enemy need not always remain an enemy. This lesson of Appomattox still rings true 150 years later.  
W/my parents in Appomattox for . Honored to be here to commemorate 150 years since the end of the Civil War 
Stopped by local businesses like Lux Aromatica in Orange today to discuss economic development &amp; broadband access 
Quick stop for a delicious burger at @TheLightWellckt in Orange! 
Community colleges like @germannacc are critical to meeting workforce development needs. Glad to keynote today's annual meeting in Culpeper
On @fox5newsdc this AM, I discussed Iran &amp; Career/Tech Education in VA with @stevechenevey  
In Stafford to discuss economic development - always helpful to hear suggestions from business &amp; community leaders 
Tune in to @WTOP at 8:20AM - will be on w/ Mike &amp; Joan to discuss Iran &amp; what I'm up to in Virginia this wk 
Will be live with @fox5newsdc’s @stevechenevey at 7:30AM to talk about Iran &amp; my visit with @LaCocinaVA culinary students yesterday
About to be on @Morning_Joe to discuss the Iran deal. Tune in!
Visite @LaCocinaVA para ver como esta organización ayuda a personas a desarrollar habilidades lingüísticas/culinarias 
Estaré con @SulemaWZDC en @WZDCTelemundo a las 6:15PM. Véalo!
Visited @LaCocinaVA today to see how this organization enriches lives with language and culinary career skills  
Checking out @OrbitalATK's most recent commercial satellite produced with the help of @EximBankUS 
Loved seeing  in action in Leesburg this morning with great presentations by @team5338 &amp; @AshburnRobotics 
.@ashburnrobotics is sharing the gift of  with students around the globe through craft-a-bot robot kits 
Thanks to the team at the Vireol Ethanol Plant in Hopewell for hosting me. Largest ethanol plant on the East Coast! 
Thx to @PennyPritzker for joining me in Richmond to hear from local business leaders today! 
Informative discussion w/ RVA business owners &amp; Commerce Sec @PennyPritzker about trade &amp; the local economy 
Surprising my Richmond office with @rvadonuts this morning! 
At 8:00AM I’ll join @NewDay to discuss the Iran nuclear framework agreement – tune in!
Attended Easter Vigil service at our church last night &amp; looking forward to Richmond Easter parade today on Monument Ave--Happy Easter!
To those celebrating this weekend, I want to wish you and your family a happy Passover. Chag Sameach!
My statement on the Iran nuclear framework agreement announced today: 
Excited to watch @ODUMBB take on Stanford tonight!  
Congrats to Virginia for being one of the first states to receive a 4 year NCLB waiver. VA is leading the way in education reform!
Saddened by the passing of former @virginia_tech President Paul Torgersen, who left a lasting impact on the university &amp; his students
Praying for the full recovery of @usairforce cadet Hailey Lane  
Grateful for @radfordu President Penny Kyle’s years of service at RU. She has been a transformative leader &amp; tireless advocate for Radford.
Happy birthday to my friend @GerryConnolly!
Happy to hear Susan Swecker will serve as the next DPVA chair! She’ll make the @vademocrats proud
Appreciate the @ProgressIndex's plug for passing our Petersburg National Battlefield bill to preserve historic land 
.@SenatorReid is one of the toughest fighters &amp; kindest souls I know, always putting people of NV &amp; well-being of nation first.
However, I couldn’t support a budget that so negatively impacts our economy, women &amp; seniors &amp; fails to solve long-term fiscal challenges
I’m pleased the Senate – in a bipartisan vote – passed my amendment to pave the way to replace sequester cuts hurting VA &amp; entire nation
RT @RamsForMemory: @timkaine So thankful to meet with your staff today at the . We appreciate all u do to help  …
Grateful @SenateAging had the chance to hear from some dedicated Alzheimer's patients, caregivers and researchers today. Let's 
I applaud  for affirming pregnant workers' right to keep their jobs and I'm proud to have signed a brief supporting 
Saddened to hear Yvonne &amp; Emily Selke of Nokesville were on the flight that crashed in France. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with their loved ones
Eager to hear President Ghani speak about how our two countries can work together to  counter terrorism and promote Afghan security
Pleased VA is the first state to be awarded a wind energy research lease in federal waters –key step toward growing our clean energy economy
Met so many great VA students today! Thx to @Bruin_Nation @IrvingMiddle, King George HS &amp; Heritage HS for visiting! 
Headed to the floor to vote for . It's time to put an end to gender-based wage disparity. 
Great meeting with servicemembers to recognize ! 
Appreciate kind words from @RTDopinions on my bipartisan amdt to help military installations withstand climate change 
Great news from @GovernorVA on Civil War battlefield preservation in Williamsburg! Proud to support it at federal level cc: @civilwartrust
Following our letter last month, grateful @DeptVetAffairs will revise 40 mile rule to give more veterans easy access to care
Today @MarkWarner &amp; I called for crude-by-rail safety investments. Derailments like the one in Lynchburg last April show why this is needed
 million people who now have affordable coverage prove that  and we're  
Congrats Sreya Atluri, Ryan McCrystal, Sabrina Melendez, Lauren Prox, Bhavjeet Sanghera &amp; Monica Saraf–VA students at ! 
Congrats to Tony Bennett and the Hoos on a fantastic season
Excited to watch @UVAMensHoops take on Michigan State!  
Congrats to @LibertyWBB on a great season!  
Wahoowa! 
Implementation of  in Virginia shows support for people with disabilities &amp; their families. Was proud to co-sponsor in the Senate.
 Last week, I stressed need to confirm an AG. This week, the Senate again chose not to  
Hoos ready for today’s game?? 
At 11 I’ll join @ASCOA to reflect on my return to Honduras &amp; how US can strengthen ties w/Latin America. Watch live:  
Can't miss Danville when driving north from Greensboro now! Happy we were able to help get these signs installed: 
Tough loss for the Rams in overtime. Congrats to @VCU on another great season.
And now that budget markup is over…
Pleased we did a budget on time, but the GOP Senate budget is not a viable blueprint for the country. My statement: 
In today’s Richmond Free Press, my thoughts on how recent events underscore why we must  now 
In honor of Prince Charles &amp; Duchess Camilla’s visit this week,  to when Her Majesty came to Jamestown's 400th 
Did you know that agriculture is Virginia's largest industry, employing over 300,000 workers? Make sure to thank a farmer this 
Troubled by reports of use of force against UVA student. Pleased law enforcement &amp; state officials are working to get answers
Glad I got a chance to chat with some Hokies on the Hill today! cc: @virginia_tech 
Grateful the @IndianCommittee approved our bill to grant recognition to 6 VA Indian tribes – one step closer to correcting a grave injustice
Heading to the first Senate budget markup session - will be focused on ways to achieve significant sequester relief for Virginia
.@SenSherrodBrown There are many superb performances, but one towers over all others.
.@SenSherrodBrown How about a tiebreaker? Best performance ever by a player in a single World Series?
.@SenSherrodBrown @WEWS Just took it &amp; also scored 7 of 8. I didn't know that Cap Anson started the tradition of Spring Training!
Horrific tragedy in Tunis today - thoughts &amp; prayers with loved ones of innocent people killed in this senseless attack
I have @VCURamNation upsetting Arizona &amp; @UVAMensHoops winning it all!    
Headed to a  Seapower hearing to hear about the vital role of @USNavy shipbuilding programs and how the FY16 budget can sustain them
Love starting off  with a @_HamptonU win! Congrats on advancing!
Met w/VA seafood reps today. I’m pleased DHS &amp; DOL took swift action following our letter but we need a long-term fix 
Why the wait? Loretta Lynch is an intelligent, experienced &amp; hard-working prosecutor ready to lead DOJ  
Happy St. Patrick's Day! 🍀
Thx to @RobKrupicka for his hard work on behalf of Northern Virginians. Grateful for his service –and for bringing @rvadonuts to Alexandria!
ICYMI, I joined @meetthepress yesterday to discuss the role Congress should play in a nuclear deal with Iran 
I'll join @meetthepress this morning to discuss Iran. Check your local listings &amp; tune in!
Watch @meetthepress tomorrow at 9AM for my interview on  and right vs wrong way for Congress to engage
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Meyera Oberndorf. She will be greatly missed by all who knew her &amp; the entire VA Beach community
Heading to the Senate floor to urge  my colleagues to  as Attorney General next week. Tune in: 
Proud to join @SenatorBoxer @SenGillibrand to intro bill to provide an independent advocate for survivors of sexual assault on every campus
I'll join @mitchellreports at 12:30 to discuss the right way for Congress to engage on Iran &amp; the need for a strong  vs ISIL Tune in
.@AGMarkHerring thx for your continued leadership addressing this epidemic at the state level
Met w/AG nominee Loretta Lynch &amp; remain impressed by her credentials. Sen must act swiftly to  next week 
Proud to intro bill to protect ‘Good Samaritans’ who administer opioid overdose drugs in emergency situations 
At today's  hearing, I renewed my call for a debate and vote on the  vs ISIL. Learn more: 
Proud to introduce bipartisan bill w/ @MarkWarner to authorize expansion of @PetersburgNPS, supporting tourism &amp; local economies in Virginia
10M kids across the US, including 196k in VA, rely on CHIP for quality, affordable health care. RT if you think we should 
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ the loved ones of the servicemembers who are missing after tragic helicopter accident in Florida.
I'll be participating in the  hearing on the new  vs ISIL now. Tune in: 
Tune in to @WTOP at 7:40AM for my interview on Iran &amp; hearing on  v ISIL. Listen here: 
I'll be on @Morning_Joe in just a few minutes to discuss the Iran nuclear negotiations &amp; today's hearing on new  v ISIL Tune in!
Heading to floor soon to discuss right vs wrong way for Congress to engage on nuclear negotiations w/Iran-watch here 
Tune in to @CNN at 5PM for my interview w/ @wolfblitzer on the critical need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on fight vs 
On  we celebrate all those who are working to achieve gender equality for women around the world &amp; pledge to do more
Anne &amp; I saw great projects &amp; spoke with bright students at  at @NysmithSchool in Herndon 
Headed to the K-12  Symposium at the @NysmithSchool in Herndon to see local students’ achievements in science, tech, engineering &amp; math
As we mark 50 yrs since the  I'm reflecting on last yrs powerful pilgrimage to  w/ @repjohnlewis &amp; Congressional colleagues
Excited for today’s Citizen Day project w/ @nvfs  SERVE Family Shelter in Manassas. We'll be distributing food to families in need
Proud to join with more than 200 colleagues to file a brief urging  to ensure equal marriage rights for all 
Tune in to the @JackGravelyShow at 10:05AM - we'll be talking   &amp; @TheJusticeDept report on Ferguson policing practices
I’ll join Jimmy Barrett on @1140WRVA to discuss  &amp; my push for an  vs ISIL 
Sintoniza a @lagrand1480 ahora para escuchar mi discussion con @demetriofloress sobre la reforma migratoria 
Sintoniza ahora a radio @Selecta1050 WVXX para mi entrevista sobre la ley de reforma de salud y la reforma migratoria 
In just a few minutes I'll be on Kiss FM w/ @CommunityClo to discuss . Tune in! 
Troubled by @TheJusticeDept report findings on discriminatory policing in Ferguson. Immediate changes must be made to address racial bias.
Glad to hear  Ambassador Mark Lippert is recovering and in great spirits. Thoughts and prayers are with him from Virginia.
Snow and ice all over the Commonwealth this morning. Please stay safe on your morning commute, everyone.
Thanks to my mayor &amp; longtime friend @dwightjonesrva for his service as chair of the @vademocrats!
George Grayson was a dedicated public servant, model community leader and exceptional scholar of Latin American studies. He will be missed.
Since 1901, @Sweetbriaredu has educated future leaders in all facets of American life. Saddened by news of the college’s closing.
The latest effort to attack the  in court is particularly heartless. Read my statement on  
Proud the Senate passed our resolution recognizing the importance of  in training our workforce to be ! Month
Congressional review of Iranian nuclear deal must be thoughtful &amp; deliberate rather than rushed &amp; partisan 
Senate R leadership’s move to fast track Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act contrary to important interests at stake 
I applaud the House for following the Senate’s lead in passing a clean bill to fully fund @DHSgov &amp; protect our national security
Faulty guardrails installed on VA highways have been linked to serious accidents. @MarkWarner &amp; I wrote to @USGAO urging an investigation
Proud to receive Policymaker of the Year Award from @actecareertech today! I'll continue my work in the Senate to strengthen .
Great meeting w/ @dstinc1913 sisters from VA to discuss important issues: HBCU's, , job training  
Joined bipartisan group of Sens. calling for strong action after murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov 
Vea mi entrevista con @jorgeramosnews sobre la reforma migratoria, , mi gira por Latinoamérica y más 
RT @RTDOpinions: A guest column from @timkaine on the need for "islands of mercy" - 
.@SenatorBarb has been an exemplary leader for the capital region &amp; the country. Wish her the best in her retirement at the end of this term
Read my @RTDNEWS op-ed on my recent visit to Honduras, where I worked w/ Jesuit missionaries 35 yrs ago 
Disgusted by wacky ad taken out against @ambassadorrice -irresponsible to attack someone who has devoted career to defending human rights.
RT @AlPunto: El senador @timkaine nos habla de México, Honduras, Colombia y las nuevas relaciones entre EEUU y Cuba.  …
Estaré en @AlPunto hoy a las 10am para discutir mi reciente visita a Latinoamérica y las relaciones entre EEUU y Cuba con @jorgeramosnews
En mi op-ed en @el_pais, recuerdo mi visita a Honduras y mi servicio en ese mismo pais con @JesuitasESP hace 35 años 
If House R’s are ready to talk about immigration reform bills, I’m all for it. But let’s have that debate w/out holding DHS funding hostage.
Pleased by strong bipartisan Senate vote to fund DHS – critical to protecting our national security. The House should swiftly pass this bill
Lea mi op-ed en @el_pais sobre mi visita reciente a Honduras: "Islas de Misericordia" 
Great Commonwealth Connection post titled "What's A SOTU?" by my Roanoke Valley regional director Gwen Mason: 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes! Including some great throwbacks cc: @MarkWarner @MAAlcala @HK_Schwartz
Many thanks to my staff for terrific bday gift - framed photo of my reunion w/dear Jesuit friends in Honduras last wk 
Loretta Lynch is a proven and effective leader with bipartisan support. It's time to  to lead the @TheJusticeDept as AG
Met w/ @UVA President Sullivan &amp; discussed  Relationships Act that I intro’d after meeting w/ UVA students 
Joined @MarkWarner &amp; group of bipartisan Senators to urge @DeptVetAffairs to improve Veterans Choice Card program 
Anthem will provide free identity protection services for more than 3million subscribers in VA following data breach 
RT @MarkWarner: With 17K+ Va employees facing furlough, discussed need for clean DHS bill w/ @ffxfirerescue Chief Bowers &amp; @TimKaine http:/…
Thanks to .@fairfaxcounty Fire Chief Richard Bowers for joining me &amp; @MarkWarner to urge Republicans to fund @DHSgov 
This evening, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the @thebplibrary in Bristol from 5-7:30PM to help with casework &amp; answer Qs
I'll be joining @brianandmari at 8:08AM to discuss  &amp; need for release of regulations on oil trains. Tune in: 
Saddened by passing of D-Day veteran Bob Sales. Honored to meet him last yr when he was awarded Legion of Honor Medal 
70 yrs ago today, 6 servicemembers raised US flag over Japanese island of Iwo Jima. Proud to have the memorial in VA 
Lean este articulo en @eltiempolatino sobre mi visita a Honduras, donde trabaje con misioneros Jesuitas hace 35 años 
RT @JoseDavidName: Recibimos en el Congreso al Senador de los Estados Unidos Tim Kaine, quien llegó a Colombia a conocer… …
Honored to meet w/Colombian President Santos on day when Bernie Aronson named US Special Envoy to peace talks w/FARC 
RT @DaveRess1:  Back at the missionary school where he once taught, @TimKaine talks about  needs, progress …
RT @feyalegriahn: La nota de la visita del Senador Tim Kaine, en uno de nuestros Centros Educativos. 
RT @WZDCTelemundo: Senador Tim Kaine de visita en Honduras  via @holaciudad 
 to teaching carpentry class at Instituto Tecnico Loyola in 1980 
Warm welcome from current Instituto Tecnico Loyola students during my visit back to campus yesterday @… 
Happy Birthday to my friend Senator John Warner, a dedicated public servant and true model of bipartisanship.
Helo with @johncornyn and Ambassador Nealon to JTF-Bravo in Soto Cano 
Touched &amp; humbled by the welcome at Instituto Technico Loyola this morning in El Progreso; taught here 35 yrs ago 
Had chance to attend Ash Wednesday mass at church I went to when I lived in El Progreso-wonderful to see so many friends &amp;  familiar faces
One more pic from earlier today in Chamelecón - 
Had dinner w/Honduras-based business leaders affiliated w/AmCham-helpful insight on Honduran economic situation 
At FUNADEH-another @USAID-supported outreach center for at-risk youth working to provide opps for them in Honduras 
Visited @USAID-supported outreach center in Chamelecón-impt work being done to expand opportunities for local youth 
Arrived in Honduras-excited to be back! Hard to believe it's been 35yrs since I worked here. Heading to @USAID project in San Pedro Sula
Wrapped up productive visit to Mexico w/ @JohnCornyn this AM-focus was econ &amp; security issues. Read more here 
Met w/Foreign Secretary Meade yesterday-good discussion re US-Mexico econ &amp; security relationship &amp; regional affairs 
RT @JohnCornyn: Talking security and law enforcement cooperation w Director Imaz at CISEN w Amb Wayne and Sen Kaine 
CODEL to Latin America w/@JohnCornyn off to great start. Met with/ AmCham in Mexico City re energy reform earlier 
Reading the Virginia weather reports from abroad. Please be safe on the roads today &amp; tomorrow.
RT @firstfiveyears: Sen. @timkaine: Why Expanding Access to Pre-K Is a Smart Investment   
Sintoniza ahora a mi entrevista con @EspuelasVox sobre el financiamiento del @DHSgov y mi visita a Latinoamérica! 
Cool news-Assateague Island &amp; Chincoteague Island will be featured on @travelchannel's 101 Sand &amp; Sun Hotspots this Sunday starting at 7pm!
Tomorrow, members of my staff will be at the Hampton Roads Service Academy &amp;  Information Day. More info:

¡No esperes! Tu última oportunidad para cobertura en 2015: Inscríbete antes del 15 de febrero.  
Don’t wait! Your last chance for 2015 coverage – enroll by Feb 15th at @HealthCareGov.  
Glad to join @MarkWarner to announce $30M grant from @HUDgov to ensure more Virginians have access to safe, affordable housing
Proud to support funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which protects health care coverage for more than 196k kids in VA
ICYMI: Watch my press conference w/ @RepAdamSchiff on the the President’s draft  against  
Honduras stop has special significance for me-spent yr working w/Jesuits at technical school in El Progreso; excited to return there next wk
Excited to be heading to Mexico, Honduras &amp; Colombia next wk; trip focused on trade &amp; economic issues as well as immigration &amp; security
Glad the Senate confirmed Ash Carter as .  He’s a proven leader w/ deep Pentagon experience &amp; a firm commitment to our servicemembers
Proud to join @SenatorBaldwin &amp; @senrobportman to intro bipartisan bill to ensure students are college &amp; career-ready 
Why Expanding Access to Pre-K Is a Smart Investment:  
I visited Lewis &amp; Clark Elementary in Ruther Glen recently to learn about the success of their Pre-K program 
Look forward to speaking w/ @MegynKelly about my 7+ mo push for new AUMF vs ISIL &amp; the President's proposal announced today-tune in at 9
Will be on @PBS @NewsHour soon to discuss my push for a debate &amp; vote on the mission vs  &amp; today's  proposal from the President
RT @RepDonBeyer: Proud to stand with @timkaine @MarkWarner @RobWittman @repbobbyscott @GerryConnolly for  tribes. …
VA’s Indian tribes have played an integral role in our history. Proud to renew push for long-overdue fed recognition 
Read my full statement on the President’s proposed Authorization for Use of Military Force: 
President Obama has taken an important step in defining the US role in the fight vs ISIL. Now Congress must debate &amp; vote on this mission.
Tune in now to @jfradioshow for my interview on -we owe it to our servicemembers to vote on the mission vs ISIL  
Tune in to @cnn in 5 minutes for my discussion w/ @ChrisCuomo on what I hope to see from the WH on authorizing the fight vs 
Will be on @NPR's @MorningEdition at 6:45 to discuss my hopes for   expected to be sent to Congress soon 
Proud that @k12albemarle, Charlottesville City &amp; Fluvanna County public schools received $3M federal Investing in Innovation grant for !
GOP is blocking @DHSgov funds b/c they disagree w/ POTUS actions to boost border security &amp; shield children from deportation
Spoke w/ @maddow last night about  we hope to see from WH this wk; it's time to debate &amp; vote on war vs ISIL  
This evening, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the @thebplibrary in Bristol from 5-7:30PM to help with casework &amp; answer Qs
Read this @NewsInTheBurg editorial on my efforts to expand Pre-K &amp; why it's a good investment for all of us 
Tune in now to @1070WINA! We'll be discussing my bill to help prevent sexual assault - based on ideas from students 
I'll be on @msnbc w/ @maddow tonight to discuss why it's so important for Congress to put its thumbprint on the US military mission vs ISIL
Pleased @Botticelli44 was confirmed Director of National Drug Control Policy. Look fwd to working w/him to address opioid abuse crisis in VA
Wishing two great Virginia public servants, @TerryMcAuliffe &amp; @JimWebbUSA, a very happy birthday!
Tune in this hour to @hereandnow for my interview on the need to authorize the military mission against  
RT @GovernorVA: Congrats to VA Beach's own @Pharrell for winning 3 . Thx for your commitment to VA and supporting STEM across the C…
Tune into @CNNsotu at 9AM for my intv w/ @DanaBashCNN on need for new  &amp; importance of debate &amp; vote in Congress on US mission vs 
Looking forward to the  game!  @UVAMensHoops
Thrilled @Pontifex will address Congress this fall. His message has renewed the spirit of so many Catholics around the world.
On my way to the National Prayer Breakfast - unique gathering of leaders from around the world united in prayer
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the Kibler Library in Stanley. More info: 
Good news! VA was recognized by @USGBC as number 4 out of  states in 2014 with 150 new certifications: 
I urge Leader McConnell &amp; Speaker Boehner to fund @DHSgov, then we can have a constructive debate on immigration reform.
Blocking @DHSgov funding is unacceptable- it would negatively impact employees in Virginia &amp; across the country working to keep us safe.
Great to meet bright @WoodbridgeHS &amp; @WarhillHigh students w/ great projects at my  student fair last night! 
Heading to  hearing on Dr. Ash Carter's nomination for Secretary of Defense. He is the right person to lead the @DeptofDefense
It's always great to catch up with fellow Richmonder @nbcaaron! Watch our interview at 11:00am on @nbcwashington 
Back in studio with @WTOP! Tune in at 7:50am as we discuss my new bill to help combat sexual assault and domestic violence
Tune in to @fox5newsdc at 7:30am for my interview with @stevechenevey &amp; @Fox5DCAllison on the  Relationships Act
At 6:40 I'll join @morning_joe to discuss ISIL threat, my push for congress to authorize US mission + why it's critical that we fund DHS
Emocionado por anuncio del @Pontifex_es al reconocer que el arzobispo salvadoreño Oscar Romero murió como mártir de la fe católica
Expressed concern over lack of women represented on military compensation &amp; benefits panel at today's  hearing 
Thx to @clairecmc for cosponsoring  Relationships Act! We agree schools should play a role in promoting safe relationship behavior
Grateful to @OneLessUVA members who shared their thoughts on how education can be a key tool for preventing sexual assault 
Proud to introduce  Relationships Act to help prevent sexual assault &amp; domestic violence through education 
RT @VASchoolBoards: Members from VA school boards meet w/ Senators @MarkWarner &amp; @TimKaine to talk ESEA reauthorization &amp; edu funding. http…
.@MarkWarner &amp; I met w/ @VASchoolBoards today to discuss how to best serve the needs of students in the Commonwealth 
Heading to the Senate floor to make the case for a clean DHS funding bill. Tune in. 
Great visit to Lewis &amp; Clark elementary to learn about its successful pre-k program &amp; interact w/ some great kids! 
From James Armistead to Arthur Ashe, let's take  to remember how much African-Americans have shaped the Commonwealth
I'll be cheering on Richmond's own @DangeRussWilson &amp; the @Seahawks tonight! Who are you rooting for?  
Disappointed @vcuramnation didn't get the win today, but still had a fun afternoon cheering them on at the Siegel Center 
Looking forward to @UVaHooCrew &amp; the No. 2 @UVAMensHoops hosting @Duke_MBB tonight ! 
Look forward to joining @mikemosswtop &amp; @JoanJWTOP at 8:40AM for a discussion on my Pre-K bill &amp; more. Tune in! 
Sintoniza ahora radio WVXX para mi entrevista con @Selecta1050 
I’m pleased  followed my recommendation to survey servicemembers on their preferences on pay &amp; benefits 
Read my statement on the Military Compensation &amp; Retirement Modernization Commission report released today  
Honored to have 3 fmr Sec/State Henry Kissinger, George Shultz &amp; @madeleine Albright at  hrg &amp; get their take on new  vs ISIL
As Governor, I championed early childhood education by increasing Pre-K enrollment by 40% in VA. Proud to continue this work in the Senate
Proud to introduce the PRE-K Act, a bill to expand access to high-quality early learning programs for children 
The yearly wage gap in VA is unacceptable: $10,908. The gap is bad for families &amp; bad for our economy. We must commit to closing the gap.
6 yrs ago today the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law. We have more work ahead to build on this success &amp; close the wage gap.
My @wamu885 interview on need to authorize the fight vs ISIL will air again now. Tune in! 
Tune into @wamu885 tomorrow at 6:50AM for my interview on the need to authorize the fight vs ISIL 
Great meeting with @VAMentoring to hear about their work on improving youth mentoring in the Commonwealth! 
Enjoyed meeting with Dr. Ash Carter in advance of his confirmation hearing next week to be our next Sec. Def. 
At today's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, I called on Congress to reverse sequestration cuts. Watch here: 
Applaud @RepAdamSchiff for intro of  in House similar to what SFRC passed. Impt to keep pressure on for action 
It was a busy day of meetings w/ General Loeben, General Dunford, &amp; General Kelly to discuss national security issues 
Joined Senate Dem colleagues today to call on @McConnellPress to pass clean Dept of Homeland Security funding bill 
Watch my video about Kaine Connects office hours which are held across Virginia then RT to spread the word! 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I will keep pushing for VA to get a share of revenue from energy resources developed off our shores, just like Gulf states do
.@Interior’s draft strategy is a significant step that should result in the safe, responsible development of energy resources off VA’s coast
On  we remember the millions of lives lost, honor the survivors &amp; recommit to fighting evil &amp; intolerance 
Agree w/Pat Bower's @newsadvance LTE-we need a vote on US military action vs ISIL. I will keep pushing for new  
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the North River Library in Bridgewater. More info: 
A critical partnership RT @MarkWarner Strengthening US &amp; India ties: Chalein saath saath - "Forward together we go."
Met w/ @fredhochberg to express my continued support for the important work @EximBankUS does for Virginia businesses 
Roads in Northern Virginia are still icy after last night. Be careful this morning!
I love seeing Chincoteague in the running for America’s Coolest Small Town! Vote here:  
On Wednesday, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the @MassRegLibrary. More info: 
The DISCLOSE Act would make overdue changes to campaign laws by bringing transparency to political spending:  
After promising an open amendment process, I’m disappointed Sen. McConnell refused to allow debate on amendments 
RT @RepScottRigell: Good to hear @timkaine on with @RobWittman this morning.  We really work well as a delegation.
Tune in now to the @jfradioshow! @RobWittman &amp; I will be discussing military readiness &amp; priorities for Virginia 
Saddened by passing of King Abdullah. Visited Saudi Arabia this past weekend -I hope our partnership will continue to grow under King Salman
Honored to be the keynote speaker at the @alexvachamber 2015 Chairman’s Community Reception &amp; Annual Meeting tonight!
I'll be on the @jfradioshow live w/ @RobWittman to discuss military readiness issues &amp; priorities tomorrow at 8:09AM 
42 years after Roe v. Wade, we must continue protecting access to family-planning services - an essential part of women’s health care.
Congrats to @McConnellWTOP on celebrating 50 years at @WTOP this week! Here’s to many more years of his thoughtful, fair reporting
Read this @LTMnews piece on how @MarkWarner &amp; I are reaching across the aisle to get results for Virginia 
Why did it take so long for help to arrive? What caused the electric arcing? I’ll keep pressing for answers as the investigation moves fwd
Following last night’s briefing from @NTSB and @wmata, many questions remain about the cause of last week's fatal Metro incident
RT @lourdesmeluza: . @timkaine D-Va dice que era importante que @BarackObama pidiera al Congreso que autorice fuerza militar contra  A…
Heading to a meeting w/ @wmata &amp; @NTSB officials on last week’s Metro incident to gather more info on what caused this preventable tragedy
¡Fue un placer discutir temas importantes para los Virginianos y Estadounidenses con @lourdesmeluza! 
RT @MarkWarner: Entire Virginia delegation stands together in calling on the @USNavy to maintain 11 aircraft carriers. …
Maintaining an 11 aircraft carrier fleet is critical to our nation's military readiness &amp; flexibility 
As an attorney, I worked to  for nearly two decades &amp; I urge  to do the same 
Read my statement on the President's State of the Union Address  
Not only did Lisa drive from Botetourt County to be my  guest, she brought cookies from Mrs. Rowe’s in Staunton! 
Happy to welcome my special guest for the , Lisa Barnett, Coordinator of  for @BCPS_tweets 
RT @MichelleSLerner: The Educating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act is back. Thanks @timkaine and @robportman 
Look forward to sitting w/ @senrobportman at tonight’s  as we continue our commitment to growing a talented workforce through 
High-quality  programs train students for 21st century jobs. That's why I intro’d Educating Tmrw’s Workforce Act 
What issues do you want the President to address in his  speech tonight?
Take a moment to read this @PilotNews article on my bipartisan congressional delegation visit to the Middle East 
RT @jennasjems:  Co. educator attending  address as @timkaine guest   …
Today we celebrate the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. &amp; honor his legacy of non-violent social change &amp; justice 
Watch and RT my video greeting in honor of  

Marilyn Tavenner oversaw historic expansion of health insurance &amp; improvement in quality of hospital care. Grateful for her work at @CMSGov
Entrepreneurs &amp; foreign students who are educated at American universities should be able to pursue career opportunities here 
Proud to join bipartisan group of colleagues to intro the  to jumpstart investment &amp; job creation 
RT @VASecofEdu: Congrats to @BCPS_tweets educator Lisa Barnett, who will attend the State of the Union as a guest of @timkaine: …
Read my @bluevirginia blog post on why  threatens to reverse the gains we’ve made in clean energy 
I join many Virginians in thanking Toddy Puller for decades of friendship &amp; public service to the Commonwealth 
Pleased Norfolk State will play an important role in developing a skilled workforce prepared to handle our nation’s cyber challenges
.@VP Joe Biden's visit to Norfolk State to announce $25M for cybersecurity training highlights the immense talent we have in Virginia
With 1 million+ VA workers w/out paid sick leave, I'm glad the President will announce initiatives to support working parents 
Great news &amp; long overdue. For the first time, the @USArmy will allow women to participate in Ranger school 
Joined @MarkWarner to introduce bill to reform Congress’ budgeting process by requiring enactment of two-year budgets
RT @wsls:  Senator Tim Kaine invites Botetourt County educator to State of the Union. 
Excited to announce that Lisa Barnett,  coordinator for Botetourt County Public Schools, will be my guest for 
RT @wmata: Guidance for passengers whose belongings were left behind during L'Enfant Plaza Station evacuation  

…
Saddened to hear of the passing of Cabell Brand, a champion of the poor &amp; the underserved who will leave a lasting legacy on Virginia
Pleased the President’s announcement includes $25M in grants for cybersecurity education at 13 HBCUs, including Norfolk State University
Discussed ways to improve service to vets in Hampton Roads &amp; across Virginia w/ @DeptVetAffairs Sec. Robert McDonald 
Friends, allies, partners for more than 230 years. Signing the French Embassy condolence book in the Capitol. 
Look fwd to discussing  &amp; what to expect from the 114th Congress w/ @WHRO's @CathyLewisTalks at 12:05 
On  we’re grateful for the economic, social &amp; cultural contributions from the Korean community in Virginia &amp; across the US
Asked for full briefing on investigation into yesterday’s tragic Metro emergency. Lot of Qs on what’s being done to ensure passenger safety.
I'll be on @RumbleFM99 in 5 minutes to discuss what to expect in the 114th Congress! Tune in: 
Approving  is a market signal to expand production of dirty tar sands oil. That’s why I’m voting no 

We have to be cleaner tomorrow than we are today RT if you agree that  takes us backwards not forwards 
I plan to vote against the  pipeline. Heading to the Senate floor soon to explain why. Tune in now! 
Congrats to VA National Guard WWII Army veteran Cary Jarvis for being decorated as a Knight of Legion of Honor by the French Government
From Virginia, I stand with the million world citizens marching against fear in Paris today 
Great win @VCU! Let's continue a good day of Virginia basketball with @ODUMBB &amp; @UVAMensHoops victories tonight!
Heartfelt congratulations to the Sri Lankan people on successful elections- a historic step toward a more democratic &amp; prosperous Sri Lanka
RT @A_Galooz: @timkaine @VAStateParks I'm partial to the York River State Park, myself
RT @Paradox13VA: @timkaine @VAStateParks Balls Bluff Regional park. Most significant unknown battle of the Civil War. Smallest Nat'l Cemete…
RT @addietime: @timkaine @VAStateParks Sky Meadows State Park - great hiking!
Thanks to  54 million seniors &amp; people with disabilities in America have access to health care 
Congrats to David Cohn of Charlottesville &amp; Caleb Visser of Williamsburg on being selected for the US Senate Youth Program!
Pleased by news that Nulife Glass will invest $ to establish its first VA operation in the City of Bristol, bringing jobs to the region
.@VAStateParks continued a six-year trend by setting a new attendance record with  visitors in 2014. What's your favorite park in VA?
Tune in now to the @kojoshow for my discussion with Tom and Patrick on what to expect in the 114th Congress! 
I applaud the President for his proposals to fund  programs &amp; make two years of community college free to responsible students
Good news! We continue to see private sector job growth. 2014 was the best year of job growth since 1999. 
I'll be on the @kojoshow's Politics Hour at 12:45PM to discuss what's ahead in the 114th Congress. Tune in! 
We’ve been at war w/ ISIL for 5 mos w/out Congressional authorization. Further delay sets dangerous precedent &amp; dishonors our servicemembers
Impressed by thoughtful foreign policy questions from @williamandmary students I met with today. Thx for visiting! 
RT @MarkWarner: Senate passes the bipartisan  ensuring our economy won’t suffer additional shocks in the unfortunate event of an attack
I’m honored to support our servicemembers &amp; defense community as Ranking Member of the Readiness Subcmte alongside Chairwoman @KellyAyotte
Take a moment to read this piece on the harmful effects tar sands could have on communities if  is approved: 
In a few minutes I'll be on @KissRichmond w/ @CommunityClo to discuss priorities for the 114th Congress. Tune in! 
Sintoniza ahora radio @Selecta1050 WVXX para mi entrevista sobre la nueva sesión del congreso! 
Proud to co-sponsor the  to . All couples deserve the same protections &amp; benefits under the law.
.@politigamer No - I oppose  because we have a responsibility to generate cleaner energy tomorrow than we do today.
Congrats to @kmurphyva on her  victory! Her experience in community leadership &amp; passion for education will serve VA well
Intro’d a bill to allow prescription drug price negotiation in Medicare. Would cut costs for seniors &amp; save billions 
Joined @SenJohnBarrasso to intro bipartisan bill to streamline American energy exports &amp; help create jobs. Learn more 
Heart goes out to people of France, our oldest ally, after vicious terrorist attack today in Paris.
Follow me on Instagram to keep up with my work and travels throughout the Commonwealth: @timkaine 
.@MarkWarner I'm optimistic about the bipartisan work we will do together for Virginia in the 114th Congress!
.@MarkWarner &amp; I are now accepting applications for the position of  Attorney for the Western District of VA 
A lot of snow across Northern Virginia this morning. Please stay safe on the roads, everyone.
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of Virginia:  
Take a few moments to read my note to constituents summarizing my first two years serving Virginia in the US Senate: 
Wishing you all a happy, healthy &amp; prosperous New Year! I look forward to another rewarding year serving the Commonwealth.
Warm wishes for a Merry Christmas from my family to yours! 
I hope you’re all enjoying a peaceful Christmas Eve with your loved ones. Have a blessed night!
Sent letter to @SecBurwell on strategy to prevent opioid abuse, an epidemic in VA I've been working to address 
Joined VA delegation to urge consideration of @JBLEnews for @AFSpace’s Cyber Operations Squadron 
.@MatSheltonEide thanks!
Took a break from Christmas shopping this afternoon to play Johnny B. Goode with Santa in Carytown. 
Senseless killing of 2  officers last night absolutely heartbreaking. Thoughts and prayers with their families and loved ones.
Watch my holiday greeting to our  to thank them for all they do &amp; wish them a joyous holiday season 
Battlefield preservation helps drive local economic growth &amp; helps preserve the rural character of fast-growing communities in 
Great news! My bipartisan battlefield protection bill was signed into law by the President today. Learn more: 
.@RepScottRigell Happy to have you as a partner as we work to address sea level rise.
Hosted great Citizen Day volunteer initiative w/ Colonial Heights Food Pantry to distribute food to residents in need 
 to being 1st VA Gov to not wear a jacket in his portrait; fun to have my staff take a Capitol tour in RVA Monday 
Great tour of Fort Eustis's state-of-the-art simulators that provide our servicemembers with… 
Reducing veterans unemployment is 1 of my top priorities. Proud to hear about @USArmy's work to improve credentialing 
Visited home-raising projects in Norfolk w/city officials &amp; @USACEHQ-clear evidence of challenges from sea level rise 
Joined @LGRalphNortham &amp; local leaders to talk workforce development &amp; economic growth in Melfa this morning 
Great discussion with Chincoteague small business leaders at the scenic @TheJackspotVA 
Thanks to good planning &amp; swift response from first responders, damage to @NASA_Wallops was limited after explosion 
I toured the @NASA_Wallops launch pad today and met w/ stakeholders to discuss progress on repairs. 
Nuestra relación con  no va a cambiar de un día al otro pero el diálogo abierto es más eficaz que el aislamiento 
Estoy muy contento sobre el anuncio de la liberación de Alan Gross y le deseo lo mejor mientras se reúne con familia 
Our relationship w/ Cuba will not change overnight but engagement rather than isolation is more effective at advancing democratic values
I'm overjoyed  by news that Alan Gross will return home to his family &amp; loved ones. Read my statement: 
On my way to business roundtable w/ @chincochamber &amp; local leaders to discuss impact of the Antares launch failure on the local economy
Heading to visit a key Virginia asset -  @NASA_Wallops - to tour the launch pad &amp; get an update on repairs.
Glad VA will receive $ from @CMSGov to improve quality of healthcare-I wrote letter of support for award 
.@VASecofEdu  Challenge completed! Take a moment to visit  for some fun tutorials! 
Orgulloso de apoyar la confirmación de Sarah Saldaña a Directora de @wwwicegov. Es la más calificada para hacer cumplir nuestras leyes.
Proud Senate confirmed Sarah Saldaña today as @wwwicegov Dir-right person to enforce our laws as we work to fix broken immigration system
Happy Hanukkah! Warmest wishes to all who will be celebrating over the next eight nights.
.@smashingwalnuts @MarkWarner So proud to have worked w/ you on securing funds for pediatric cancer research.
Heading to floor to discuss significant, yet overdue, progress made on ISIL ; need to finish process early '15 
Haul out the holly &amp; put up the tree! Mt Rodgers Tree Farm in Grayson Co has brought Christmas cheer to our office. 
Proud to support Dr. Vivek Murthy's nomination for @Surgeon_General. I know improving American public health will be his guiding principle.
I've asked @usedgov to disclose consistent gaps in sexual assault policies to help colleges make needed changes 
A very happy birthday to my friend and favorite senior Senator, @markwarner. Heres to many more years of public service to VA &amp; our country
Congratulations @uvamensoccer on your 7th national title! 
I accept @VASecofEdu's  Challenge! Visit  to learn about the challenge &amp; the basics of coding.
Happy 378th birthday @NationalGuard! Honored to serve as commander-in-chief of @VaNationalGuard as Gov. Humbled by their sacrifice 
Bittersweet - last defense bill to come out of @SenCarlLevin-led Armed Services Cmte. True honor to serve under his leadership past 2 yrs.
Proud to cast my vote for a defense bill that will benefit VA &amp; the defense community in so many ways-specifics here 
Had a consult with @drgridlock yesterday. Looking forward to his column ahead of Sunday's 95 Express Lanes opening 
Pleased National Defense Authorization Act cleared key Senate hurdle and will now advance to a vote on final passage 
Today we finally did our jobs after 4+ months of military action against ISIL. @US_SFRC passage is big step, but full Congress must now vote
Proud of my work w/ @MarkWarner to secure $20M for @NASA_Wallops that will help w/ repairs following launch failure 
Starting @US_SFRC markup of an ISIL  - happy we've made real progress here. Watch live 
I'll be on @FM99WNOR w/@RumbleFM99 in 5 min to discuss why Congress must debate &amp; vote on military force against ISIL 
I'll be on @1070WINA in 5 min to discuss need for Congressional authorization for military mission against ISIL 
Tune in to @1140WRVA at 7:35AM for my take on why Congress must debate &amp; vote on use of military force against ISIL  
Read my @LTMnews op-ed on why Congress owes it to our servicemembers to debate &amp; vote on military action against ISIL 
Honored to be part of @USGLC tribute dinner tonight w/ my colleague @KellyAyotte &amp; @RajShah - great celebration of US global leadership
RT @OKnox: Join me at 2 pm today on Sirius XM "POTUS" Channel 124: @Isikoff on the torture report, @timkaine on Islamic State AUMF (1/2)
Look fwd to joining @OKnox on @SIRIUSXM at 2:40PM to discuss my push for debate &amp; vote on authorization for military mission against ISIL
Investing in early childhood education helps close the achievement gap between children of all backgrounds 
Thrilled that VA will receive a $17M Preschool Development Grant - I wrote a letter of support in October to @usedgov 
Heading to 95 Express Lanes ribbon cutting in Alexandria - proud to have started such an important infrastructure project as Governor
Today at 2:00PM @US_SFRC will hear from Sec. @JohnKerry on the authorization for use of military force to defeat ISIL 
Look fwd to discussing sea level rise &amp; climate change impact on VA w/ @WHRO's @CathyLewisTalks at 12:05. Tune in: 
I'll be on @Morning_Joe on @msnbc in 5 min to discuss today's hearing &amp; upcoming Cmte vote to authorize the mission against ISIL. Tune in!
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 6:40AM tomorrow for our discussion on the upcoming hearing &amp; Cmte vote to authorize the mission against ISIL
Watch my discussion w/ @ChrisCuomo on @NewDay on upcoming hearing &amp; Cmte vote to authorize the mission against ISIL 
Tune in to CNN @NewDay at 7:15AM for my take on what to expect this week as the Foreign Relations Cmte finally debates mission against ISIL
As Virginians, we know Indian tribes have played an integral role
in the commonwealth &amp; the country's history

Read my op-ed on why Virginia's Indian tribes deserve federal
recognition: 
A date which will live in infamy. May we never forget the Americans who sacrificed their lives that fateful day 73 years ago 
Excited for the @UVAMensHoops vs @VCURamNation game today at 2PM in ! Who are you rooting for, Cavaliers or Rams?
RT @InternationalWM: @williamandmary students Lu Sevier, Justin DeShazor &amp; Rob Marty presented their @AidData research to @timkaine http://…
It’s great to be back at W&amp;M! Thx @VACoastalPolicy &amp; @VIMS_News for inviting me to come talk about sea level rise &amp; its impact on VA
RT @WMLawSchool: Today: Senator @timkaine gives keynote at W&amp;M Flooding &amp; Coastal Change in  event    @…
I believe Ash Carter is the right person for the job &amp; urge my colleagues to swiftly confirm him 
Happy to see so many friends in Richmond tonight as we celebrate 25 years since Gov. Doug Wilder’s historic election! 
Congrats to Beth Royals of Henrico County, who won the 47th Pillsbury Bake-Off on Wednesday! 
After writing letter of support to @USAID, pleased @virginia_tech received $18M award to research eco-friendly pest &amp; disease control
Look forward to a thoughtful discussion tomorrow at @WMLawSchool forum on the challenges that sea level rise presents to the Commonwealth
Read my response to today’s @DeptofDefense Report to the President on Sexual Assault Prevention and Response 
I’ve called for debate &amp; vote on military action since June b/c we owe it to our troops &amp; American public. Cmte hearing &amp; vote is big step
We will finally have the opportunity to engage in a meaningful, public debate on the US military mission against ISIL 
Tune into @msnbc now for my discussion w/@mitchellreports on why Congress should not adjourn w/o a debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL
I'll be on @jfradioshow shortly to discuss need to debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL before Congress adjourns 
Tune in to @fox5newsdc in 5mins - I'll be joining Steve &amp; Allison to talk about Congress' unacceptable silence on the mission against ISIL
I'll be in-studio w/ @WTOP at 7:10 to make the case for why we need to debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL 
Tune in to @wusa9 at 6:45 for my take on why Congress should not adjourn w/o a debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL
Pleased my bipartisan battlefield protection bill was included in NDAA &amp; will head to House &amp; Senate floors 
@BRMacJR @VetArtistProg Thank you for your hard work highlighting veterans' creativity &amp; for featuring VA artists!
Met w/ @VetArtistProg president @BRMacJR to discuss the art exhibit I'm hosting in the capitol feat. artists from VA 
Will speak on the floor soon on why Congress should not adjourn w/ out a debate &amp; vote on the mission against ISIL 
Read my statement on the compromise defense bill &amp; the many provisions that support servicemembers &amp; civilians in VA 
Proud we are top provider of humanitarian aid but US &amp; international community must do more to address crisis in 
UN World Food Program’s announcement that it is suspending assistance efforts due to a lack of resources is a reminder of crisis in 
Pleased by Senate passage of the  Accountability Act. Proud to work on this bipartisan bill intro’d by @MarkWarner &amp; @RobWittman
I submitted suggestions to improve @EPA’s Clean Power Plan for states like VA that have taken steps to become cleaner 
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents at the Park Place Community Center in Norfolk. More info: 
Great visit to Ashburn to learn about @gwNURSING's high-quality training for in-demand healthcare professionals 
Saddened to hear about the passing of Bill Bosher. My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the family of this dedicated educator and public servant.
Excited for my visit to 's Virginia Science and Technology Campus in Ashburn to speak w/ @gwNURSING students this afternoon!
Don't forget to support Virginia's small businesses today! 
Wishing everyone a ! I'm thankful for our servicemembers who sacrifice to keep us safe. What are you thankful for today?
Proud to continue my work w/ @MarkWarner to support policies that protect  from abusive financial practices  
Rain and snow throughout the Commonwealth all day. Please stay safe on the roads, everyone! Happy travels
Honored to interview John Napolitano, a former @USMC Corporal, for the Veterans History Project. Watch here: 
Thankful to John Watkins, my Senator for many years, for his 34 years of service &amp; for working across the aisle for the benefit of Virginia
Take a few minutes to check out , , or call 1-800-318-2596 to learn about ways to 
Read my statement on the grand jury verdict in Missouri 
Read my statement on the Iran nuclear negotiations: 
Thankful for  Chuck Hagel’s leadership through an extremely challenging time in our nation’s history 
Proud to lead congressional delegation to @HFXforum along w/ @SenJohnMcCain. Follow along w/  for our discussion on security issues
After hearing from miners in VA, proud to introduce bill w/ @MarkWarner to reform black lung disease benefits system 
I support the President addressing immigration w/in existing legal authority-as every president since Eisenhower has done 
Apoyo la  que tomara el Presidente para mantener unidas a las familias 
 will keep many families together by allowing individuals to work &amp; contribute to society without fear of deportation
Read my statement on why I support  on immigration which will benefit millions living in the US 
Americans need a @Surgeon_General with the skills to address modern day public health threats. Dr. Vivek Murthy would be an excellent choice
Great to meet Dr. Vivek Murthy today and proud to support his nomination for @Surgeon_General 
It was a honor to deliver the keynote address at @Middleeastinst's  Annual Banquet  
Happy that my friend @repbobbyscott was elected ranking member of @edworkforcedems! He'll be an excellent leader.
Pleased Joint Base Langley-Eustis is a finalist for @usairforce support center that could bring 350 jobs to Hampton 
I was happy to join the VA business community &amp; friends from the bipartisan VA congressional delegation at the @VAChamber luncheon today!
RT @NRDC: @timkaine, thank you for standing up for our clean air, clean water and health and voting against the  pipeline!
We're in open enrollment season! Virginians who are not covered can find a plan that meets their needs at  
Looking fwd to great conversation w/ @repadamschiff at @DefenseOne Summit on need for new AUMF to combat ISIL &amp; other security threats
Cheers to Spain for approving a bill to establish an elective democracy 38 years ago today! Proud of our partnership through @usspaincouncil
The Senate made the right decision.  is not in our economic, national security or environmental interest 
Heading to the Senate floor to make the case against . Watch my speech live here 
Sea level rise –caused in part by carbon pollution- poses staggering challenges to Hampton Roads. That’s one reason why I oppose 
Read my @washingtonpost op-ed on how approving  would hurt our nation’s work to reduce carbon emissions 
After all we have done to be cleaner tomorrow than today, why would we embrace a technology that is a huge backslide? 
Educational exchanges &amp; international students connect VA to the entire world. For this, we recognize International Education Week 
 would transport tar sands oil, which is 15-20% dirtier than conventional oil. That's why I'm voting no.
Today at 4:15 I'll be taking the floor to discuss why  is not in our national interest. Watch 
Appalled to learn of attack on synagogue in Jerusalem. My heart goes out to victims, families &amp; people of Israel right now.
RT @VASecofEdu: A great time for a good cause with @timkaine, Garth and Max Larsen at Max's @PositiveVibeRVA on Friday:  …
Reforms in the high-skill visa program will help VA businesses struggling to find qualified individuals to fill jobs 
Proud to co-sponsor bill to grow our talented workforce by creating up to 15K visas for high-skilled Korean workers 
Had a blast playing harmonica and guest bartending for a great cause at @PositiveVibeRVA this weekend! 
Welcome home to the sailors of the USS George  Bush &amp; the USS Truxtun! Thank you for your service.
Fue un gusto reunirme con Padre Melo para discutir los derechos humanos y la oportunidad económica en Centroamérica 
Great meeting w/ Padre Melo yesterday to discuss human rights &amp; economic opportunity in Central America. 
Proud to have received @The_Dialogue's Award for Public Service in the Americas! 
Honored to be presented w/ the American Voice Award by @arenastage for my support of the arts &amp; arts education! 
RT @TheWilsonCenter: Do the existing AUMFs authorize our conflict with ISIL? Should they? Video:  …
When you don’t have the debate, you force people to risk their lives without a consensus that the mission is worth it 
Proud to extend passenger rail to Lynchburg as Gov. Now I can’t wait to ride @Amtrak to Roanoke! Thx to all who have worked on the expansion
I'll be at @TheWilsonCenter at 10am to discuss the need for congressional authorization for action against ISIL Watch 
Rain didn't stop us from marching in the Tidewater Veterans Day Parade to celebrate the heroes who fought for America 
We also pay tribute, after 13 yrs of war, to all who have served in the military since 9/11. I'm deeply grateful for their service.
On  we honor the service of every generation of American veterans who sacrificed so much to protect us 
.@wwpinc  a day to reflect on the sacrifices made by servicemembers who courageously protect our rights &amp; promote our values
Thx to Bill Rausch, former @USArmy Major from Alexandria, for sharing his story w/me for the Veterans History Project 
Just interviewed John Napolitano, a former @USMC Corporal, about his decision to enlist &amp; his service in Iraq 
Honored to help @librarycongress Veterans History Project capture stories of veterans from VA. Here's an example:  
Honored to participate in the wreath-laying ceremony for the 239th birthday of the @USMC in Arlington. Semper Fi! 
Pleased the President nominated Loretta Lynch for AG, committed public servant. Look forward to a swift confirmation process in the Senate.
Thrilled to be honored by the @AIFoundation tonight with Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia @NishaBiswal!
Enjoyed world premiere of "Big Stone Gap" at @VaFilmFest w/ my family last night. Great show with superb cast. Go see it!
I’m urging federal support for ODU’s pilot program because it’s time to tackle the complex issue of sea level rise 
I look forward to an open debate &amp; vote on the floor on an AUMF–it is what our Constitution demands &amp; what our servicemembers deserve.(2/2)
I’m heartened to hear the President will engage with Congress right away on a new AUMF to combat ISIL, a step I’ve long called for. (1/2)
Excited to welcome @DonBeyerVA to the Virginia delegation! We need more can-do optimists like him in Congress
Congratulations to my great friend @MarkWarnerVA on his well-deserved victory! Proud to call him my senior senator! 
RT @RTDNEWS: RT @MSchmidtRTD: Crowd cheers as CNN reports that Warner flips the  race 50-48
The polls are open until 7PM in Virginia. Don't forget your photo ID! You can look up your polling location here: 
Los centros de votación están abiertos. ¡Salgan a ejercer su derecho al voto!
The polls are open! Get out and vote, Virginia!
A lot of excitement in Alexandria tonight as I finish a day of getting out the vote with my friend @MarkWarnerVA! 
Virginia is for Oyster Lovers! Celebrate Virginia Oyster Month this November by enjoying the most delicious oysters in the country.
Very glad to hear that Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is back in the  w/his family. Welcome home.
Excited to spend the weekend getting out the vote for a great friend &amp; public servant @MarkWarnerVA!
Saturday is the last day for early voting in VA! Learn more about how to vote tomorrow by visiting 
Good news about Sailor’s Creek Battlefield expansion! My bill supports battlefield preservation projects like this cc: @civilwartrust
Happy Halloween! Look forward to seeing some great trick-or-treating costumes in Richmond tonight!
Great to be in GA today to  for @MichelleNunnGA. Hitting the phones in Marietta with Michelle's husband Ron! 
My thoughts are w/ everyone at @NASA_Wallops &amp; @OrbitalSciences who worked so hard on this launch. Relieved to hear no injuries reported.
RT @M_Figueroa06: Sen. Kaine fills VCU lecture hall to talk about @MarkWarnerVA commitment to reducing student debt  …
RT @JeanneShaheen: This afternoon @timkaine visited Portsmouth to help  - and @StefanyShaheen - get out the vote! …
Great pic of @USN_BushCVN77 returning to Norfolk. Thanks to the sailors for all they’ve done during 10mo deployment! 
RT @JeanneShaheen: Thanks to @timkaine for helping  get out the vote across today in the Granite State! 
Just proudly voted for @MarkWarnerVA for US Senate. I urge all eligible Virginians to take advantage of early voting! 
Happy Diwali to all celebrating the festival of lights in VA &amp; across the world, including the wonderful people I met on my CODEL to India!
.@GotGovt @hendron Fantastic! I'd love to hear your students' ideas &amp; answer their questions on 
Honored to be delivering the keynote remarks at the 32nd annual Naval Submarine League Symposium Banquet in Falls Church tonight.
The @VDHgov has set up a hotline to answer your questions on  hotline can be reached  24/7 at 877-275-8343.
This summer I urged @USDA to fund broadband expansion in the Caney Ridge area. Thrilled SCTC will get $3M to complete this critical project!
Thx to all who joined us for the @RTDNEWS  on war powers. Great questions &amp; advice from the audience! 
Excited to join @RTDNEWS today for a Public Square on how Congress &amp; the President make our nation’s most impt decision – when to go to war
Proud the VA Creeper Trail gets inducted into @railstotrails Hall of Fame today! Great Kaine family memories of times on the Creeper Trail.
Click here to view photos of my recent trip w/ @SenAngusKing to India, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Qatar 
.@MarkWarner &amp; I sent letters to VA health officials requesting updates on hospital Ebola response preparedness 
RT @MSchmidtRTD: This Tuesday: @timkaine will join us here at @RTDNEWS for a  discussion on America's war powers …
Pleased Admin named coordinator for federal Ebola response – very much needed. Ron Klain is excellent choice - proven leader &amp; manager.
Shout out to the KC @Royals. I grew up rooting for them and it's been a long 29 years since last playoffs. On to victory in World Series!
Just returned from CODEL w/@SenAngusKing to India, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Qatar; very productive mtgs w/leaders &amp; great visits w/ Virginians
Today is the last day to register to vote in VA for the upcoming elections! Click here to find out how to register: 
Just wrapped two day visit to Kabul, Afghanistan. Great to see troops from VA &amp; meet new leadership. 
Read my @NewsInTheBurg op-ed on how career &amp; technical ed can prepare students for the jobs of the 21st century  
Hope weather clears up back home for tomorrow's Terrier-Lynx suborbital rocket launch from @NASA_Wallops so Virginians can enjoy the view!
Proud that Virginia-based @AFOSR funded the work of the winners of this year's Nobel Prizes in Physics and Chemistry!
Great news: The Ex-Im bank generated a surplus that reduced the deficit by $675M this year. Learn more  
Congrats to Malala Yousafzai &amp; Kailash Satyarthi on receiving  for working towards peace through youth rights &amp; education.
RT @USAndMumbai: US Senators @TimKaine and @SenAngusKing w/  at Café Leopold recounting 26/11 attacks 
RT @USAndMumbai: US Senators @timkaine and @SenAngusKing visit Mani Bhavan , ’s historic home in  
Met Marines who trained in Virginia at the embassy security guard facility at Quantico. Grateful for their service. 
RT @USAndIndia: US Senators @timkaine and @SenAngusKing learn abt   at @usaid_india Sanjay Gandhi community project. http:…
Great visit w/ @SenAngusKing to @usaid_india project to improve hand sanitation in Delhi's Sanjay Gandhi community 
RT @SenAngusKing: .@timkaine and me with children from the Sanjay Gandhi community in Delhi. Photo courtesy of @USAndIndia …
Arrived in New Delhi, India for CODEL w/ @SenAngusKing. Excited to meet w/ Indian defense officials &amp; business leaders on US-India econ ties
Sign up for email updates to stay informed abt the work I'm doing on behalf of Virginia:  
Today, we have taken a major step toward Jefferson’s ideal that "all men are created equal."  
I join countless Virginians to celebrate  clearing path for loving couples across VA to marry.  
.@JonathanWeisman traces the Virginia roots of my focus on war powers reform in today's @NYTimes 
Anne &amp; I had a great time at the grand opening of @bgclubcva's new James River Club in Scottsville on Saturday! 
Eid Mubarak! To all Muslims home and abroad, may these last few days of Hajj be filled with joy and warmth.
.@grantierk @SenSherrodBrown The last time the @Royals made the playoffs was 1985, 29 years ago. Glad they have ended their playoff drought!
As Yom Kippur begins, I wish members of the Jewish community in Virginia and around the world an easy fast.
RT @VaScienceFest: As we're about to launch @VaScienceFest we thank @MarkWarner &amp; @timkaine for their support. And for creating …
Good luck to the @Nationals in their first NLDS game today!  
.@CDCgov is prepared to respond to potential Ebola threat in US. Click here for info &amp; facts  
RT @VCUnews: Sen. Tim Kaine checks out firsthand a VCU School of Education program in action:  
For a list of great @VaScienceFest events throughout the state beginning this Sat click here:  
Good luck to @VaScienceFest participants as they kick off  this Saturday w/ events across the state! 
I joined 65 colleagues to support community health centers that 260K+ Virginians rely on. Read our bipartisan letter: 
Agree w/Pres. @BarackObama - there are really good things happening in America, and our economy is continuing to move in the right direction
Many positive stats worth noting from @BarackObama's speech today-incl that in past  yrs, US businesses have added 10M jobs 
Sign up for email updates to stay informed about the work I'm doing on behalf of Virginia  
I want to wish all those performing Hajj over the next few days Hajj Mabroor.
RT @MarkWarner: .@NoVARegion is coordinating a blanket drive from Nov 1-22 to help Syrian refugee families during winter. More info: http:/…
RT @cvillejournal: Kaine Pushes  Recognition of 6 Va. Tribes:  Sen. Tim Kaine is arguing anew for federal recognition of… http://t.…
VA Indian tribes help define our national identity &amp; deserve federal recognition. Read my letter to @USIndianAffairs: 
I wrote to @USIndianAffairs calling for more flexibility in the federal recognition process for Indian tribes with unusual circumstances
RT @TrevorBaratko: Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine: Has every president been frustrated with Congress? Yes. But that doesn't mean you get to …htt…
RT @AllianceExchnge: Thank you for meeting with us @timkaine to talk about the impact of the  program with  alumni! http://…
Grateful @ONDCP will provide additional resources to certain VA cities to reduce drug use &amp; trafficking 
Great news! 5 colleges in VA will benefit from funding to support job-driven training programs. Learn more: 
Grateful for service of Langley-based Airmen who have joined humanitarian relief efforts in Ebola-stricken nations 
Congrats to Charles Wright of Charlottesville for being named the 20th Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry for the @librarycongress
Excited to participate in the 63rd annual Chickahominy Indian Tribe Fall Festival &amp; Pow-Wow to celebrate the tribe's history &amp; culture!
RT @FaceTheNation: "We're not supposed to start a war without Congress," Sen. @timkaine  
I'll be on @FaceTheNation w/@bobschieffer this morning to discuss Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL
I joined @GovernorVA to announce task force to address prescription drug abuse-an epidemic hurting communities in VA 
RT @alana_austin: Coming up @ 5:30, a live report on the   strategy. Hear Sen. @timkaine's vision &amp; impact on Virginia  http…
RT @NBC29: @alana_austin: @ 5:30, a live report on   strategy. Hear Sen. @timkaine's vision &amp; impact on Virginia  …
Pleased by @DeptofDefense proposal to expand financial protections that servicemembers &amp; their families deserve 
Thx to @actecareertech for inviting @VASecofEdu &amp; me to speak abt how  can help us grow a 21st century workforce 
Honored to join @GovernorVA to announce statewide task force to combat heroin &amp; prescription drug abuse in VA 
RT @VASecofEdu: Excited to attend the @actecareertech Regional Conference today to discuss the importance of career &amp; technical education w…
Excited to join Anne at the @actecareertech Leadership Conference in  to discuss  role in preparing a 21st century workforce
RT @vcusoe: "VCU has a huge positive impact on Richmond as a whole and public education" @timkaine   @VCU 
Headed to join @GovernorVA @VaSecofHealth &amp; @BrianMoranVA to make an announcement at the Substance Abuse &amp; Addiction Recovery Alliance of VA
Saw @teach4change2 in action at  Boushall Middle School &amp; heard abt the powerful impact program has had on RPS 
RT @FairfaxTimes:  Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) called attention to both the challenges and the opportunities presented by  …
RT @UTRUnited: Senator Tim Kaine at Richmond Teacher Residency today to learn about rich clinical prep in action @teach4change2  @UTRUnited…
On my way to  Boushall Middle School to learn abt @teach4change2 program that provides aspiring teachers w/hands-on classroom experience
RT @CollegiateTimes: Senator Tim Kaine visited a Tech research center in Arlington 
RT @heraldprogress: Latest @heraldprogress is on stands now. @timkaine makes an appearance at @RandolphMacon and more in this week's H-P ht…
Pleased the @USDOL announced nearly $12M in grants to develop strategies to help Virginians return to work 
Shanah Tovah! I want to send my best wishes for the new year to the Jewish community in Virginia and across the globe.
Thx again to @LakeAnneEs for inviting me to come read to students in English &amp; Spanish. Fun way to celebrate ! 
RT @LakeAnneEs: Senator Tim Kaine visited Lake Anne today and read to Miss Peirce's 1st Grade class. We were happy to host him! …
RT @vtncr: Senator @timkaine and President @VTSandsman visit Virginia Tech Research Center In Arlington: 
RT @LakeAnneEs: Senator Tim Kaine read in Spanish to our 3rd Grade Spanish Immersion class today.  …
I had a great time reading Mañana Iguana to the first graders at Lake Anne Elementary &amp; talking about… 
On my way to @LakeAnneEs to read to students and talk to them about the importance of 
I'll be on @1070WINA at 8:40AM to discuss Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL 
Today I spoke at @amprog abt Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here:  
Heading to @amprog to speak abt Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here at 1PM: 
At 9AM I’ll join @LukeRussert on @dailyrundown to preview my @amprog speech today on why Congress must authorize US military action vs ISIL
RT @RMCyoungdems: R-MC students, including several of our members, had a great time meeting VA Senator Tim Kaine this morning  http:/…
RT @rmcpsci: "Success is goals+relationships." Good advice to students from Sen. Kaine during my pol. leadership class this  @timkaine …
I had a great time celebrating Indian culture at the  in  w/ @repbobbyscott yesterday! 
Look fwd to speaking at @amprog tomorrow abt Congress's role in authorizing the fight against ISIL. Watch here at 1PM 
Excited to lead a discussion with @RandolphMacon College students, faculty and college President Robert R. Lindgren this morning
Pleased that Jordan Hydroelectric Partnership will receive $1M loan from the @USDA for development of hydroelectric station in @DickensonVA
RT @VaScienceFest: Honorary Festival chairs Senators @timkaine &amp; @MarkWarner show off their Virginia Science Festival colors. 15 days. http…
My statement on Senate passage of a continuing resolution tonight 
RT @vcusoe: @timkaine @SenatorBaldwin @robportman Thank you for your work on this, we are thrilled to support this bill!
Learn more about our bipartisan  bill, the Creating Quality Technical Educators Act. Endorsed by @actecareertech  
Proud to join @SenatorBaldwin &amp; @robportman to intro bill to create  teacher residency partnerships–mirroring successful @vcusoe model
I'll be on the @kojoshow at 12PM to discuss what I think an AUMF against ISIL should look like 
Powerful address from Ukranian President @Poroshenko - honored to have him speak before a Joint Session of Congress today.
I'll be live w/ my friend @jfradioshow at 7:15AM to discuss war powers &amp;  military action against ISIL. Tune in 
Tune in to @1140WRVA now - I'll be discussing why Congress needs to vote on US military action against ISIL 
Today the MV Cape Ray-the ship that destroyed Syria's declared chemical weapons stockpile-returned home to Portsmouth. RT to thank the crew.
Take a moment to read my staffer's reflections on my end of summer tour through SWVA:  
Today at 2:30PM @US_SFRC will hear from Sec. @JohnKerry on the  strategy to defeat ISIL. Tune in here: 
Today in 1787, 39 delegates signed the Constitution, charting a bold course for a free and democratic America. Happy !
My proposal reinforces the President's strategy, but also includes key limits on US ground troops, repeals 2002 AUMF &amp; sunsets after 1 yr
I’ve drafted a limited authorization for  military action against ISIL. Congress must debate &amp; vote on this issue 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 6:40 AM - we'll discuss the need for a vote on the authorization of US military action against ISIL
Look forward to joining NPR's @MorningEdition at 6:20AM to discuss the  mission against ISIL 
At today's SASC hearing I laid out why Congress must debate &amp; vote on the use of military force against ISIL. Watch: 
Great to celebrate  w/ Senate colleagues. This is a month to reconnect w/ America's Hispanic roots. 
Tune in to @hardball w/ @hardball_chris tonight at 7PM for our discussion on the  mission against ISIL
RT @SenadorReid: Celebrando el Mes de la Herencia Hispana con @senatormenendez y @timkaine  
We'll be hearing from  Hagel &amp; @Martin_Dempsey on ISIL &amp; the President's strategy in SASC this AM. Tune in: 
In my @nytimes op-ed I argue that we should draft a specific, narrow authorization for military action against ISIL 
Read my @nytimes op-ed laying out why President Obama must get Congress’s authorization for the fight against ISIL 
Durante  celebramos y honramos a generaciones de Latinos por sus contribuciones sociales, culturales y económicas a la nación.
Proud to celebrate  by honoring Hispanic Americans across the US for their social, cultural &amp; economic contributions to our nation.
Best of luck to Naval Flight Officer Steve Lozano of Virginia Beach on @Jeopardy tonight! 
RT @CTEWorks: ICYMI - @timkaine's Middle STEP  bill, other federal goings on in brief: 
RT @DaveRess1: @TimKaine invites ,  yard executive to brief Senators on technical education 
RT @toddbstone: @timkaine = a rare public servant.  Our government would function if we had all TK's.  @henry_mike 
I was proud to cosponsor  reauthorization when I came to the Senate.  Let’s keep taking commonsense steps to end violence against women
For 20yrs,  has made communities in VA &amp; across US safer. Let's build on its legacy &amp; do more to protect women from violence
I was honored to lead the Virginia Volunteerism &amp; Service Conference in the @americorps pledge today  
On my way to celebrate @americorps 20th anniversary &amp; the importance of service at the Virginia Volunteerism &amp; Service Conference
Proud to join 126 members of Congress to file a  brief to protect pregnant workers’ rights 
Look fwd to discussing the President's address &amp; ISIL threat w/ @WHRO's @CathyLewisTalks  at noon. Tune in: 
Stopped by @RAMmovie screening last night in the Capitol to thank founder Stan Brock for the important work RAM does 
Today we honor the memory of those who lost their lives on  in VA, PA &amp; NY 
Read my statement on President Obama’s address on ISIL: 
 is a great tool to educate middle school students about what goes into a career field that matches their interests 
Just intro'd the  Act to expose middle school students to  programs focused on career exploration 
Yesterday, I spoke about how we owe it to our servicemembers to debate &amp; vote on action against ISIL. Watch here: 
Sen. @jiminhofe &amp; I spoke to @GwenIfill for tonight's @NewsHour about what we hope to hear from the President tmrw 
RT @cspan: VIDEO: Sen. @timkaine (D-VA) on Congressional Authorization &amp; Military Action against .  …
Headed to the Senate floor to call on the President to seek Congressional authorization for  military force against ISIL.
RT @PortofVirginia: Sincere thanks to @GovernorVA @MarkWarner @timkaine @USDOT and all partners for making this possible: …
Pleased by today’s announcement of $15M TIGER grant for the @Portofvirginia &amp; $ grant for  to support transit projects
Read my @GoDanRiver op-ed on the importance of reauthorizing the Ex-Im bank &amp; how it helps local businesses 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe tomorrow at 8:00AM - will be discussing the need for a vote on authorization of US military action against ISIL
Pleased @GovernorVA will act to expand healthcare to 200K &amp; answered our call to establish a task force to address the heroin epidemic in VA
RT @RTeditorial: Roanoke Times editorial: @timkaine is right to push for congressional debate on president's war powers: …
Wish I could be in Newport News for today’s christening of VA Class Submarine USS John Warner. Named after a great Virginian &amp; dear friend.
To grow STEM proficiency, we need to cultivate early enthusiasm for STEM and CTE in our schools  via @washingtonexec
Thanks to Virginia servicemembers stationed in @NAVSTA_Rota for having breakfast w/ me this morning! 
Met servicemembers from Blacksburg, Bristow, Warrenton &amp; Hampton Roads during visit to @NAVSTA_Rota &amp; USS Donald Cook 
RT @MarkWarner: T-minus 30 days ‘til @VaScienceFest starts on 10/4! Proud to be honorary chair w/@timkaine   …
Interview w/ @npratc from Morocco on the need for Congress to debate US action against ISIL will air soon. Tune in: 
Today, I had the opportunity to sign the wall at the USAID project site in Tangier that helps… 
.@JamesCostos Look forward to seeing you at @NAVSTA_Rota!
My statement on the barbaric murder of Steven Sotloff: 
.@PolitiFactVA Sorry Montgomery! I was always better at spelling than geography 
Today Anne &amp; I visited the North Africa American Cemetery where 2,841 American WWII servicemembers are laid to rest. 
Excited to lead Congressional delegation to North Africa &amp; Spain. Just wrapped visit to Tunisia &amp; heading to Morocco 
Wishing Virginians and all Americans a Happy !
RT @GSCCC: Girl Scouts presented @timkaine with the Council's STEM patch before the  today. @Chamber757 …
It was great to join my good friend &amp; senior Senator @MarkWarner at the  for a discussion on strengthening VA's economy.
RT @MarkWarner: Honored to be speaking at @Chamber757's  w/@timkaine today!
Thx @Chamber757 for the opportunity to speak about strengthening the regional economy &amp; growing our talented workforce 
.@PortofVirginia Glad I could visit and learn more about this critical project.
Craney Island expansion is critical to @PortofVirginia's future &amp; will have a major economic impact on VA &amp; the US 
RT @norfolkdistrict: Happy to show Sen. @timkaine all the good work going on in  
RT @Daily_Press: Sen. @timkaine visits The Apprentice School at Newport News Shipbuilding [VIDEO]

It's great to be back at the Philippine Cultural Center in Virginia Beach with my friend @repbobbyscott! 
Apprentice School students get equipped w/ skills that prepare them for great careers &amp; graduate debt free  
The Apprentice School is an excellent educational model for  programs across the US @HIIndustries 
Yesterday I toured the Louisa County High School reconstruction and saw the site for their new  facilities 
Congratulations to @MLWGS for being named one of the nation's top high schools. Have a great , everyone! 
Joined Rachel @maddow last night to discuss need for Congress to debate &amp; vote on use of military force against ISIL 
I'll be on @WTOP at 8:40AM to discuss ISIL threat &amp; the need for Congressional authorization for  military action 
Lots to cover w/ @jfradioshow. Tune in now for discussion on why Congress must vote on military action against ISIL 
Excited to be on @Maddow show tonight to discuss the need for Congressional authorization of  military action against ISIL
Loved hearing from LCPS students who are building skills in classes on turf maintenance, auto tech &amp; animal care  
Great to visit students at the new Thomas Jefferson Elementary School &amp; see the progress toward rebuilding LCHS! 
.@LouisaCountyVA @LCPSchools  Thank you for a great tour of the construction site &amp; for showing me your  classes!
.@HIIndustries looking forward to it!
RT @Daily_Press: .@timkaine learns about oysters climate change at VIMS (@VIMS_News)  
Oyster &amp; blue crab restoration are critical to VA's economy &amp; environment. Thx to VIMS for helpful status update. 
Learned a lot from tour of @OmegaProtein in Reedville - company supports 230 workers &amp; has $88M regional econ impact 
I'm thankful I had the chance to do it. Grateful for the work @swvamrc &amp; others are doing to combat this epidemic
.@BristolProud Thanks for having me! What I heard today underscored importance of reauthorizing @EximBankUS
Just toured @BristolProud's manufacturing facilities &amp; heard about how @EximBankUS helps it compete internationally. 
The rain can't keep us away from Thursday Jams in Abingdon! 
Can't go to Bristol without a stop at the Burger Bar! 
Good to be back at @news5wcyb in Bristol. I'll be live at 5 to talk about my week in SWVA - tune in!
Joined Project REVIVE! to talk abt the opioid epidemic in VA &amp; get trained to administer naloxone, a drug to counter overdose effects.
This  I worked w/ @peopleincorp to weatherize a Grundy home which helps save $ on utility bills 
Last night I completed @SenAngusKing's  at beautiful @BreaksPark. Watch here: 
Thanks senangusking for nominating me for the ! I decided to challenge 3 other… 
.@jonbaliles Well done! You got them all.
The new Ridgeview High School will give Dickenson County students state-of-the-art resources to help… 
When I stood at Pinnacle Overlook above the Cumberland Gap today, I was closer to 8 other state capitals than to  you name them?
Good to be back at @MECCVa in Big Stone Gap! Toured CTE facilities &amp; discussed the importance of technical training.
.@LMU_CVM will have a great impact on the future of aspiring veterinarians &amp; the local economy in Lee… 
Just finished a great tour of the new @LMU_CVM campus in Ewing &amp; talked w/ veterinary students from… 
Foggy but beautiful morning at the Cumberland Gap. 
Learned a lot from touring the Scott County Telephone Cooperative. Grateful for its work to expand… 
Mrs. Mildred Pretzer showed me some great photos of her Women’s Army Corps officer graduation 70yrs… 
It was an honor to present service awards to Mildred Pretzer of Charlottesville-a true trailblazer &amp; WWII WAC Veteran 
Great visit to HM 15 Blackhawks at Norfolk Naval Base today. Hooyah Blackhawks! 
Read my op-ed w/ @MarkWarner @Randy_Forbes @RobWittman &amp; @RepScottRigell on why VA coastal energy is a worthy pursuit 
This August marks the 3rd annual  month, a great chance to showcase our local breweries for all to enjoy: 
Proud to support this compromise-major step toward restoring trust of vets &amp; fixing issues that have plagued VA
 
Proud to join @MarkWarner to intro bill to reauthorize @EximBankUS - one of best tools we have to move VA economy fwd 
Thx to @ONDCP’s @Botticelli44 for meeting w/ me today to discuss strategies to combat the opioid crisis in VA 
Happy 49th anniv to . Will speak on floor shortly about good news showing ACA helped extend its solvency 
Sintoniza ahora @lagrand1480! Estaré hablando con @demetriofloress sobre la crisis de niños buscando asilo en nuestra frontera sur.
Sintoniza ahora @selecta1320  para escuchar nuestra discusion sobre la crisis de los ninos en la frontera: 
En dos minutos estare en el @pedrobiaggishow discutiendo la crisis de niños en nuestra frontera sur. Sintoniza: 
Joined colleagues &amp; @SBAgov Admin to call for re-authorization of Ex-Im bank. VA businesses are counting on Congress. 
RT @MarkWarner: Very pleased  site is on shortlist for FBI HQ- cost effective selection that best offers FBI what it needs
Robert McDonald is the right leader to implement much-needed changes at the @DeptVetAffairs; proud to confirm him 
Proud to join @SenBlumenthal to introduce  Act to provide critical protection to domestic abuse victims 
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of our close family friend, former Rep. Caldwell Butler. My statement here: 
Congratulations to @JulianCastro, our new @HUDGov Secretary!
Good luck to our Senate league softball team (VA is for Sluggers) as they play their last game of the regular season 
I’m heartened that negotiators reached a deal to help veterans receive the timely, high-quality care they deserve 
Big win for marriage equality in VA today! Grateful for the work of @MarkHerringVA &amp; others who keep fighting for equality 
Read my @ProgressIndex op-ed w/ @MarkWarner on the importance of protecting historic lands in Petersburg 
Eid Mubarak to Muslims across the Commonwealth and around the world. May your Eid be filled with prayer and celebration.
ICYMI: This morning I spoke w/ @abuddy about years of teamwork that led to the Silver Line opening. Watch here: 
Watch my speech on the need to reauthorize the Ex-Im bank, which supports companies in VA at no cost to taxpayers  
I'll be on @WTTGMORNINGNEWS shortly w/ @Fox5DCAllison &amp; @stevechenevey. Tune in for our discussion on the Silver Line.
Tune in now to @wusa9 for my discussion w/ @abuddy &amp; @DebraAlfarone on the bipartisan work that led to tomorrow's Silver Line opening
Positive step for getting humanitarian aid to those suffering in  ; will continue pressing for unimpeded access
Very sad to see reports of lives lost &amp; many injured in the storm on the Eastern Shore. Ready to do whatever I can to help the community.
Will speak on Senate floor shortly abt why reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank is critical for VA businesses. Watch: 
Yesterday I spoke on the floor about the  at the border &amp; 6 ways we should respond 
.@NWS has issued a severe thunderstorm warning for Southeast Virginia, including Chesapeake, Norfolk, and VA Beach. Stay safe, everyone!
Frightening reports of a tornado touching down on the Eastern Shore this morning. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone there.
Joining @MartinHeinrich on the floor shortly to discuss violence  are fleeing in Central America 
Encouraged by @USDOT proposal that includes measures @MarkWarner &amp; I recommended after Lynchburg derailment to improve oil by rail safety
Congrats to Grayson County! @corehealthfit will invest $2M to expand the former Med-Fit operation, which will create 250 local jobs.
Thanks to the @CFTNI for inviting me to discuss war powers reform today. 
RT @imolinarescnn: Aquí está la entrevista con Sen. @timkaine sobre la crisis humanitaria en frontera, MH17 y Gaza  @…
Tune in to @Morning_Joe in 2 minutes for our discussion on Ukraine and the escalating conflict in Gaza.
Tune in to @cnn @NewDay at 8AM for my take on the situation in Ukraine &amp; conflict in Gaza. @ChrisCuomo @wolfblitzer @JohnBerman @KateBolduan
RT @CNNDirectoUSA: ¡Al aire! @dlaje te trae lo último sobre vuelo  además hablamos con Sen. @timkaine de la crisis en la  @CN…
Great to meet young tobacco-free champion from Danville &amp; 2014  Poster Contest Winner, Ashante Gravley! 
Joining HearSay w/ Cathy Lewis in a few minutes. Listen live! 
Looking fwd to a discussion w/ @WHRO's Cathy Lewis on how best to address sea level rise in VA. Tune in at 12:05PM 
Good news! VA's oyster harvest rose nearly 25% last season–our best since ‘87. Let's keep up the restoration efforts 
Tune in now to the @jfradioshow for our discussion on Ukraine &amp; the escalating conflict in Gaza 
.@ChadNWright Thank you for your commitment to educating our next generation of leaders! You make Virginians proud!
Businesses shouldn’t get tax breaks for shipping jobs out of the US. We should reward businesses that 
RT @Roanokepreneurs: Sen. Tim Kaine stopped by the @GrandinCoLab last week to talk entrepreneurship.  
In my joint op-ed w/ @repbobbyscott &amp; @RepScottRigell, we discuss the urgent need to address sea level rise in VA 
Great Citizen Day w/ @friendsbrp. Big thx to the volunteers who helped us clean up trails along the Roanoke River. 
Great bfast at a Roanoke staple. Next up, Citizen Day to clean up the Blue Ridge Pkwy. Join us at mile marker ! 
First pitch. Let's go @salemredsox! 
.@mathewbrooks  Any trail in the Little Wilson Creek Wilderness
The escalating conflict b/t Hamas &amp; Israel is deeply tragic &amp; inflicts serious damage on the people in Israel &amp; Gaza 
Thanks to Sam Steidle for tour of the  and to the entrepreneurs for their intelligent questions &amp; comments 
Looking fwd to a good discussion w/ entrepreneurs &amp; other young business leaders from Roanoke at the  today
Read my statement on the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17: 
Impressed by the Roanoke Valley's work to combat drug abuse &amp; success stories of drug court graduates I spoke w/today 
Warming up for my first pitch at the @salemredsox game tomorrow. Very excited to be there! 
Watch my Senate floor speech on the humanitarian crisis on the border &amp; unaccompanied children fleeing violence 
 to last July, when @SenatorDurbin came to visit Newport News Shipbuilding @HIIndustries
 
Heading to @US_SFRC hrg to learn more about current crisis in Central America; @McCartneyWP &amp; I spoke about it too 
.@smashingwalnuts Thank you for your hard work to raise awareness on this issue. I'll continue to do all that I can.
Great lunch &amp; discussion today w/ @AIPAC interns! 
Met w/Ellyn &amp; Mark Miller today to discuss importance of funding pediatric disease research at NIH @smashingwalnuts 
I’m extremely disappointed that a minority of Senators kept us from considering legislation that would protect women’s right to health care.
ICMYI: Yesterday, I delivered a floor speech on legislation to fix the  decision. Watch here: 
JB Langley-Eustis should be site for new @usairforce command to minimize impact of recent cuts that will impact VA 
In 5 min I'll be on the @kojoshow to discuss the Senate bill to fix  decision. Tune in! 
.@kojoshow excited to join you soon!
RT @kojoshow: At 12: Sen @timkaine on his legislative response to the Supreme Court ruling on contraception 
Tune in to @WTOP now as I discuss the Senate bill to fix the  decision 
Tune in to @WTOP tomorrow morning at 7:40 AM as I discuss the Senate bill to fix  decision 
The four critical committees have sent the clear signal that Congress supports refueling the USS George Washington 
Pleased  chose Turner-Fairbank Highway Research Center in McLean to discuss need for infrastructure investments 
.@RosalieDech Glad to be helpful!
Heading to the Senate floor to discuss why the  decision is a threat to women's healthcare choices and how to fix it.
Proud to meet with General Joseph Dunford, ISAF commander and nominee for @USMC Commandant 
Today we celebrate the 150th anniversary of the birth of Maggie L. Walker, a pioneering businesswoman and towering community leader
.@SenatorDurbin just announced FY15 Defense Appropriations bill incl $848M to refuel USS George Washington. Great work by VA delegation!
As a longtime supporter of preserving historic lands, pleased @SecretaryJewell announced expansion of Richmond Natl Battlefield Park last wk
The choice about whether or not to use birth control should be between a woman and her doctor, not a woman and her boss. 
I'm a proud sponsor of the  Act. Learn more: 
Congrats to VA-based @OrbitalSciences on the successful  launch from @NASA_Wallops yesterday! 
Proud the Sen. passed our bill to appoint a special envoy for religious minorities in the Mid East cc: @RepWOLFPress 
Great tour of the @DuPont_NAOps  Plant. Big thanks to the employees for a great discussion! 
RT @DuPont_NAOps: Sen. Kaine tours Kevlar® ballistics lab at  Plant; demo shows how Kevlar® protects the  @timkaine http:…
.@DuPont_NAOps @ChesterfieldVa I'm excited to join you! See you soon.
Heading to the DuPont Spruance Plant in  to view the facilities, meet with company leadership &amp; employees &amp; discuss my new  bill
Wishing a speedy recovery to those injured in VA Beach storm yesterday &amp; thinking of everyone across the region as clean up continues today
Very pleased to join @MACCPAC for their 5th Annual Capitol Hill Iftar dinner to reflect on the importance of faith 
Glad to hear more commitment today from @USNavy officials re: refuel &amp; complex overhaul of USS George Washington 
RT @CTEWorks: "We must make sure that we're preparing our students for the 21st century workforce."  @timkaine
.@NASSP @senrobportman Thanks for your continued support! I'll continue to work hard to enhance  programs in VA and across the country.
.@actecareertech @senrobportman Your support is very much appreciated!
It's essential for the US to invest in creating a world-class education system to ensure we have a strong workforce 
@senrobportman &amp; I intro'd the Educating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act to ensure students have access to high-quality  
Students deserve access to rigorous  programs that prepare them for 21st century workforce. Watch live: 
Headed to the Senate floor soon w/ @senrobportman to introduce our bill to raise quality of Career &amp; Technical Education programs  
Met w/ @RIRprez Dennis Bickmeier to discuss the @RIRInsider's plans for the future. Hope to be at the raceway soon! 
Nat'l Drug Control Strategy announced in Roanoke is testament to city's successful community-based approach to solving scourge of addiction
Proud to sponsor bill to protect women's right to health care from interference by their employers  
I applaud new efforts to curb heroin &amp; prescription opioid drug abuse that has harmed communities across VA 
.@VCETatMasonUniv @klvanhorne Great to have you here today!
Each year, people fishing, hunting and wildlife watching in VA contribute $ billion to the Commonwealth’s economy. 
Proud to support the Bipartisan Sportsman's Act, legislation to conserve public land while promoting outdoor recreation in VA 
Great news that more Virginia veterans can participate in the Commonwealth's Troops to Trucks program 
Looking fwd to my interview w/ @DianeNBC12 at 4:15 PM on my events across VA this week w/ veterans, business leaders &amp; educators
 to the day I graduated from the University of Missouri.   
Stopped for a delicious burger at the Dixie Restaurant - a Petersburg institution 
I applaud VA for receiving an  waiver flexibility extension. This shows VA's dedication to creatively improve student outcomes.
Great discussion w/ ChesterfieldCC women business leaders at @UrbanFarmhouse this morning! 
.@CabreraAngel it was great visiting the labs and meeting such bright students!
Learned abt @GeorgeMasonU programs that let HS &amp; post-baccalaureate students earn certificates in scientific fields 
Look fwd to touring @GeorgeMasonU's  facilities this afternoon!
Maintaining 11 carrier fleet was a top priority this yr-very pleased @USNavy moving fwd w/refuel &amp; overhaul of CVN 73 
Great discussion w/ veterans in Culpeper on improving care for servicemembers &amp; help w/ transition into workforce 
As we celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act we reflect on the progress toward equal rights for all &amp; the work still ahead
Henry Marsh has been a mentor of mine since I moved to Richmond in '84. His amazing work during 48 yrs in elected office will be celebrated.
Proud to announce  bill in Fishersville today-will raise quality of programs in VA &amp; across US 
Congrats to Michelle Janine Howard on becoming the first woman to attain the rank of four-star Admiral in the @USNavy's 238-year history!
Glad @GovernorVA has revived the Climate Change Commission that was disbanded in 2011. We can ignore this problem, but it won't ignore us.
Watch this summary of yesterday's bipartisan forum on sea level rise in Norfolk 
? I know I am. Virginia believes in you, @USMensSoccer!   
Heading to Fishersville to tour the Valley Career &amp; Tech Center &amp; announce new bipartisan legislation to raise the quality of  programs
Powerful discussion in Norfolk on ensuring we keep promises to our veterans - whether it's health… 
 decision today makes case less about religious freedom &amp; more about denial of access to contraception: 
Thx to all who joined us at @OldDominionUniv for a bipartisan discussion on solutions to the challenge… 
RT @RepScottRigell: A special thank you to Senator @timkaine for his leadership in hosting &amp; advancing a very thoughtful &amp; informative conv…
Thx to @repbobbyscott @RobWittman  &amp; @RepScottRigell for joining me to host this critical discussion 
At 9AM I'll kick off forum on sea level rise in Norfolk. If you can't make it, watch it live:  
Ramadan Kareem to the Muslim community in Virginia and across the  May you have a blessed and peaceful month.
Today on @Morning_Joe I discussed why Congress should have a vote on any US military action in Iraq 
I believe that we will win! Go USA!  
 to a great jam session w/ @folksoulrevival at @BristolRhythm, 1 of my favorite VA events  
Read my @Buzzfeed article, 16 Virginia Summer Activities You Can't Miss, and then RT &amp; share some of your favorites! 
Listen to @WTOP live at 7:50AM for our conversation on Congress' role in any military action in Iraq 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 7:15AM when I'll discuss why any US military action in Iraq should be voted on by Congress
In a few mins I'll join @Fox5DCAllison to discuss Iraq &amp; why any US military action requires Congressional authorization
Congrats to @UVAbaseball on a fantastic season &amp; great run at the ! You can help welcome the Hoos home tonight: 
Tomorrow morning I'll join @Fox5NewsDC @morning_joe &amp; @WTOP to discuss why any  military action in Iraq should be voted on
RT @CSIS: For more on Sen @timkaine's @washingtonpost oped, see  "Reforming the 1973 War Powers Resolution" speech @CSIS 5/14  …
Great meeting w/ @VCETatMasonUniv &amp; @MarkWarner on how to ensure VA students are getting the best education possible 
RT @VCETatMasonUniv: MT @JeffDavisDE Thank you Senators @timkaine @SenatorWarner for meeting   today! Thoughtful, insightful, funny! h…
Proud to support the Workforce Innovation &amp; Opportunity Act-will help train Virginians for good jobs at companies ready to hire them 
Good luck to @UVABaseball tonight! Win tonight &amp; bring home your first national title to Charlottesville!  
Headed to the floor soon to call on the President to seek congressional authorization for any US military action in Iraq &amp; submit a new AUMF
The White House should submit to Congress a new draft AUMF to deal with today's threats 
The president must come to Congress for authority to initiate US mil action in Iraq. Read my @washingtonpost op-ed: 
.@EricBoyle @OldDominionUniv @GOceanC Monday, June 30th at 9AM
RT @repbobbyscott: Joining @timkaine, @RepScottRigell and @RobWittman in  on Monday for a conference on sea level rise: …
Great talk w/ @APSVirginia students on the importance of  public service &amp; current foreign policy… 
Tomorrow, a member of my staff will meet w/ constituents in West Point and King &amp; Queen County. More info here: 
Look fwd to hosting conference on sea level rise at @OldDominionUniv alongside @RepScottRigell @repbobbyscott @RobWittman &amp; local officials
Go USA!!  
On  anniversary we reflect on program's impact in helping veterans transition into civilian life through assistance w/ higher ed
Excited about tonight's ! I look forward to catching up w/ friends from around the Commonwealth.
I have seen firsthand the plight of Syrian refugees in Lebanon and Turkey. We must not forget their story.  
Love hearing about Virginians involved in community service. Thx to the 200 @DiscoveryComm employees volunteering in VA today 
Encouraged that the President will assess political conditions &amp; take steps to protect embassies &amp; personnel in Iraq 
Read my response to President Obama’s announcement on Iraq today: 
It's time to  our post-9/11 veterans. Let's do it on Veterans Day 2014. RT if you agree. 
Thx @AmericanLegion @VFWHQ &amp; @VVAmerica for support of  resolution to make Veterans Day '14 a commemoration for post 9/11 vets
On  we remember those who endured slavery &amp; fought for freedom. Their courage gives us hope to overcome our challenges today.
This Veterans Day, let’s say  &amp; thank you for the service &amp; sacrifice by this generation that’s been at war for 13 years
Proud to join @SenatorBurr &amp; @SenBlumenthal to introduce a resolution to  post 9/11 veterans 
I'll join @1070WINA at 8:25AM to discuss a new resolution I'm introducing today to  our veterans 
Tune in now for my discussion w/ @RumbleFM99 on my new resolution to welcome home &amp; honor post 9/11 veterans: 
In a few minutes I'll join my friend @jfradioshow - tune in! 
Tune in to @NewsHour for my take on the crisis in Iraq &amp; what it means to US security &amp; leadership in the region 
Spoke w/ @hereandnow's @JeremyHobson about Iraq &amp; Congress' responsibility to review any proposal for mil support 
Great mtg w/ Brigadier General Timothy P. Williams to discuss defense priorities for Virginia &amp; the… 
.@Malinowski @DanvilleBraves Thx for a great meeting. And go D-Braves!
.@arenda @SummerIR thanks for having me!
RT @arenda: Sen Tim Kaine speaking at @SummerIR this morning  
Obstructing 43 ambassador nominees from serving our country overseas weakens our ability to address complex national security issues
Heading to Senate floor soon to discuss the dangers of obstructing Ambassador nominees &amp; how it weakens our leadership throughout the world
Great discussion this morning w/ @GeorgetownSPHS students on foreign affairs &amp; public service. 
Congrats to the  on an excellent game. Let's go !
My @AlMonitor op-ed outlines a 3 part plan for a US-Egypt relationship that is consistent w/ our democratic values 
Met leaders from President's @YALINetwork - an impt program to strengthen relationships b/t the US &amp; African nations 
The President's action to ban fed contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation is an important step towards 
Beautiful performance by Mt. Zion First African Baptist Church in Charlottesville to welcome 25 young… 
Helpful meeting w/ @AlbemarleCounty officials on workforce development &amp; transportation priorities in the county 
Honored to address leaders in the military, diplomacy &amp; tech fields at the Defense &amp; Intelligence Conference at @UVA 
Happy ! Grateful for my dad Al &amp; blessed to be spending today with family.
Joined @MarkWarner in a letter to VA requesting further info on how facilities in the region are addressing backlog 
Read my response to the President's statement on the unraveling crisis in Iraq: 
Proud to co-sponsor a bill to help students plan ahead and find affordable ways to pay for college. Learn more: 
Proud that we passed a resolution I co-sponsored to recognize the historic significance of 
Happy Loving Day! 47 years ago today,  ruled to end the ban on interracial marriage. Let's continue fighting for equality for all.
Best of luck to all of the teams participating in the  but especially to the @ussoccer team!
In just a few minutes I'll join @mitchellreports on  to discuss the insurgency in Iraq
Tune in at 8AM to @WAVY_News when I'll join @KatieWAVY &amp; Don Roberts to discuss how the bill we passed last night will help reform the VA
Proud we swiftly passed bill to provide veterans w/ medical care they earned &amp; that so many have waited too long for 
As President @BarackObama prepares to address Worcester Technical High School, I encourage him to start a Presidential  Scholars Program
Congratulations @DonBeyerVA! And congrats to all the  Democratic candidates on a great race
Congratulations to Judge Hannah Lauck of Virginia on being confirmed to the Eastern District Court on a 90-0 vote! 
Proud to be part of a continuing bipartisan effort to create jobs and rebuild Southern VA's economy @cityofdanville 
Hannah Lauck has demonstrated great skill through her service in VA &amp; I'm pleased that her nomination to the federal bench is moving fwd
Good meeting w/ Lynchburg Mayor Michael Gillette today. Cities need good data about freight shipment for emergency planning.
What an honor to speak in Bedford today. Humbled by the character &amp; quality of our veterans’ service  
Honored to speak at @DDayMemorial in Bedford today - a visible reminder of those who sacrificed to preserve the liberty we enjoy.  
Today we remember the valor, fidelity &amp; sacrifice of the Allied Forces on D-Day. 
Congrats to Karl Stauber &amp; the Danville Regional Foundation for winning the John Marlles Commitment Award!  Keep it up, @cityofdanville!
Really proud of @SenSanders &amp; @SenJohnMcCain for acting fast to reach compromise on a VA bill - looking fwd to taking action on it soon.
Proud to support Sylvia Burwell's nomination. Her public &amp; private sector experience will make her an excellent Secretary of @HHSGov
Heroin overdose deaths are on track to double in many VA localities. Something must be done. Read our letter here: 
12 of us came together to write bipartisan letter to @GovernorVA calling for a statewide task force to address growing heroin epidemic in VA
Heading to the floor to discuss ways  is working, but also ways to improve it incl fix to family glitch. Tune in: 
My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the loved ones of Officer Brian Jones &amp; the entire @NorfolkPD family today.
Sign this petition if you think more Americans should have a  at affording college 
Met w/ @VCU alumna Brittany Jones after she delivered testimony at @SenateBudget hrg abt her student loan debt burden 
Good news: DOD panel answered our call to survey servicemembers on pay &amp; benefits preferences. Cc @johncornyn 
RT @NEAToday: I would love to be a student in your class bc of all the effort you made 2 become a teacher @timkaine  http://…
Heading to Senate Budget Cmte to highlight the harmful impact of student loan debt on borrowers and the entire US economy 
Enjoyed speaking w/ @MexicoInstitute leaders tonight about Mexico’s dynamic reforms &amp; opportunities for US trade, investment &amp; co-production
Sham election in Syria while Assad regime continues to starve its own ppl is act of cowardice &amp; will not be recognized by int'l community
The Restoring Veterans’ Trust Act will shorten VA wait times to ensure veterans receive timely care. Impt step toward fixing systemic issues
Richmond lost a crusading journalist today with the death of Ray Boone. My thoughts are with Jean, Raymond, Regina &amp; the Free Press family.
Proud to support Keith M. Harper's nomination. He will be the first member of a federally recognized tribe to serve the US as an ambassador.
Proud to join 13 of my colleagues to introduce legislation that will increase accountability at the VA 
Enjoyed speaking to the CelebrAsian Conference in Vienna about the achievements of Asian Americans in business &amp; govt.
Deeply saddened by the loss of Mame Reiley–a dear friend &amp; inspiring advocate. VA &amp; the nation will always be grateful for her service.
Thx to @GermannaCC engineering students for showing me their impressive award-winning projects  
Heard from students like Samantha about benefits of dual enrollment - from  certifications to lower college costs 
On tour of @Fort_APHill, great discussion about critical national security assets in Fredericksburg area 
Reducing carbon pollution is in our national interest, but we must do it in a way that makes economic sense 
Student debt is denying graduates a . Headed to @germannacc to meet w/ students, parents &amp; educators about what we can do to help.
Student loan debt in the US is &gt;$1 trillion &amp; growing. I’m working to cut costs through Dual Enrollment bill 
Looking forward to touring @Fort_APHill &amp; meeting w/members of the Military Affairs Council of the Fredericksburg Chamber of Commerce
June is  Pride Month. Please join me in celebrating how far we’ve come &amp; commit to keep working toward equality because 
Pleased that Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will be returning home to his family. Thankful for his service &amp; sacrifice.
ICYMI: Today I joined May-Lily on VA Conversations to discuss ways to reform the ACA, the crisis in Syria &amp; more 
@TMAndrews2006 Implementing the ACA will help improve education &amp; prevention for . Find fed FASD resources here: 
Have a question for me? I’ll be in-studio w/ Virginia Conversations starting at 9AM. Give us a call at 1-800-866-6397 
Looking fwd to joining May-Lily in-studio on @WVTFRADIOIQ’s Virginia Conversations tmrw at 9AM! 
RT @MarkWarnerVA: Good to be back w/ @TimKaine talking about  for VA on the last stop of today’s tour! …
Only way to regain confidence of our veterans &amp; the public is for the President to select new leadership of the VA 
Latest VA IG report demonstrates systemic nature of the problem and that efforts to solve it have not been successful.
RT @SenatorBaldwin: Proud to join my CTE caucus cochairs @robportman &amp; @timkaine in calling for a Career and Technical Scholars Program.  h…
Pleased House Appropriations Cmte included $789M to refuel &amp; overhaul CVN73. Maintaining an 11 carrier fleet is critical to national defense
.@robportman @SenatorBaldwin &amp; I sent a letter to @BarackObama urging him to create a Presidential CTE Scholars Award 
This week, my staff will host Kaine Connects in Warm Springs &amp; Monterey. Please stop by!  
Pleased Senate resolution I cosponsored to recognize  was passed. Important to reflect on accomplishments of  community
Sending my deepest condolences to Dr. Maya Angelou’s family &amp; loved ones. Her inspirational writing &amp; activism touched millions.
RT @IHEID: “The US law is pretty clear: decision of war is up to the congress, the declaration to the President” according to @timkaine’s s…
Proud @MarkWarner &amp; I were named Fiscal Heroes by @FixtheDebt for our efforts to find bipartisan solutions that reduce the deficit
Honored to be speaking at the Graduate Institute Geneva on my efforts to reform War Powers in the Senate @IHEID
Thx @USDA for designating the  as a Critical Conservation Area. Proud to push for this – it will benefit both farmers &amp; environment.
RT @Interior: Some of the world's most beautiful sunrises happen over America's public lands like this one @ShenandoahNPS. …
Grateful for courageous men &amp; women who served our country. Join me in remembering our fallen servicemembers &amp; their families 
Proud to intro  bill to give tax credits to families who open up their hearts &amp; homes to kids in need 
Proud we successfully fought against cuts to commissary benefits for  &amp; called for survey of servicemember benefit preferences 
Pleased FY2015  includes my amendments to authorize funding for refueling &amp; overhaul of USS GW - clear signal we need 11 carrier Navy
Pleased bipartisan  bill passed. Includes key priorities for VA incl. advancing Craney Island Marine Terminal &amp; improving Four Mile Run
Proud to support bipartisan, bicameral deal to invest in training &amp; ed to help US workers attain skills needed for jobs of 21st century 
.@AARPVa @AARPVaSD @AARPVaPrez Great meeting with you!
Loved having Herndon High School seniors drop by the office today! 
I'm proud to cosponsor the ACCTION Act because it recognizes American innovation &amp; tech can reduce carbon pollution 
Heading to @US_SFRC hearing to discuss ways to reform  after Iraq &amp; Afghanistan wars 
Heading to SASC Personnel Subcmte markup to discuss compensation &amp; benefits for servicemembers in FY2015 NDAA  
Unacceptable that companies can reincorporate offshore to avoid US taxes. I intro'ed bill w/ @SenCarlLevin to address 
We're marking up FY15 defense bill in Senate Armed Services cmte all this wk; heading to Readiness Subcmte now 
The Mountain Home VA Medical Center in Bristol is holding an open house for veterans today from 4:00-6:00PM 
This week, my staff will host Kaine Connects in Amherst County &amp; Fishersville. Please stop by! 
Headed to @NATCA conference to talk about impact of budget uncertainty on airports in VA &amp; across US – another reason we need regular order
.@AUSNTweets Grateful for your support!
The progress &amp; change that came w/  guides us and gives us hope that we can address the inequalities that exist today.
Assateague Island is up for best  island in @10Best @USATODAY contest. Got my vote! 
India's election yesterday marked another important milestone for their democracy - congratulations to PM designate Narendra Modi 
I applaud the 'London 11'/Core Group of the Friends of  communique. Need to address humanitarian crisis now. 
Thank you to the @AmericanLegion &amp; @VFWHQ for their support of the  
Expanding military Tuition Assistance to cover cost of credentials will help ease transition into civilian workforce

Proud to introduce the  today to help servicemembers pay for credentials - building on my  
Proud to cosponsor dual enrollment bill to help HS students earn college credit &amp; cut cost of college diploma 
At 9 AM I'll be at @CSIS for a discussion on the need to reform war powers. Watch live: 
RT @CSIS: How to reform the 1973 War Powers Resolution w/ @timkaine tmrw at 9am EST  
RT @AP_Planner: Tomorrow: Sen. @TimKaine speaks at @CSIS on reforming the 1973 War Powers Resolution
Thx to Leesburg’s @KnightSolution1 (VA’s  of the year) for easing veterans’ transition into the workforce 
Great meeting w/ NOVA transportation experts to discuss regional transportation priorities &amp; different… 
Looking fwd to sitting down w/Northern Virginia leaders &amp; policy experts to discuss the region’s top transportation needs &amp; how to fund them
Warm wishes to all the supermoms out there (like mine and Anne!) Happy Mother's Day!
Looking forward to delivering the keynote address at the  Spring Commencement tomorrow! @VSUTrojans
Families &amp; loved ones of those in hot air balloon accident at Mid-Atlantic Balloon Festival are in our thoughts and prayers today.
I was proud to support VT Carilion Medical School as Gov &amp; I'm honored to deliver the keynote speech to the 1st graduating class today!
Today I introduced legislation to help Afghan interpreters who assisted US troops obtain special immigrant visas 
.@RumbleFM99 Thanks for having me! No 'm lucky my record has improved since then.
RT @washinstitute: .@timkaine: Have to balance US strength across military, diplomatic, economic &amp; moral 
Happy birthday to a great American President &amp; one of my political heroes, Harry S. Truman
Heading to @washinstitute's 2014 Weinberg Founders Conference to join panel discussion on US leadership and commitment in the Middle East
On my way to @US_SFRC hearing to discuss what we can do to support Venezuelans working for a stronger democracy
In a few mins I'll be on Lynchburg's WIQO to discuss what @MarkWarner &amp; I calling for to improve rail safety Tune in! 
About to speak w/ @RumbleFM99 about my new bill to ensure servicemembers' preferences heard on compensation/benefits 
I'll be on @WTOP at 7:50AM to discuss great offshore wind news for VA &amp; rail safety after Lynchburg derailment 
RT @MarkWarner: Following our letter, @USDOT has taken steps to ensure railroads are communicating better with first responders …
RT @SenJohnMcCain: Good meeting with my friend &amp; former  PM &amp; Defense Minister Ehud Barak &amp; Senator @TimKaine 
A las 6PM estaré en @CNNDirectoUSA conversando con @jclopezcnn sobre las relaciones de Estados Unidos con Mexico y mas. Sintoniza!
Today’s offshore wind announcement is an exciting step toward a future powered by clean energy &amp; supported by reliable American jobs
Great news- Dept of @ENERGY awards @DomVAPower major grant for wind energy project. VA is ideal hub for offshore wind 
Watch live as I speak at the 44th annual Conference on the Americas about US-Mexico economic ties 
RT @Daily_Press: Sen. @timkaine pushes for survey on military benefits 

Proud the Senate unanimously passed a resolution strongly condemning kidnapping of more than 200 girls in  by Boko Haram militants
On my way to @US_SFRC hearing to learn abt the Administration's plans to oppose Russian aggression &amp; support a free and democratic Ukraine.
The bipartisan Servicemembers’ Compensation Empowerment Act will help us protect the benefits that matter most to our military personnel
RT @SenatorLeahy: Law officers risk their lives for us. We can honor and help protect them by renewing .   @NAPOpolice @BlueAle…
RT @ASCOA: Tomorrow: our DC conference w/ @JohnKerry @PennyPritzker @WHAAsstSecty @timkaine @DevalPatrick @jfamiliar @MoisesNaim …
Proud to introduce bill w/ @JohnCornyn to ensure servicemembers’ voices are heard when it comes to pay &amp; benefits 
Must Read @RTDNEWS piece on the positive impact FASTC will have on Blackstone &amp; entire region surrounding Ft Pickett 
7yr ban on VA poultry in China lifted today-great news for VA growers &amp; ag industry that will be felt across economy 
Great tour of FASTC site w/ @RepRobertHurt @StateDept &amp; @VaNationalGuard–ideal location to train embassy personnel 
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Take time to  who changed your life for the better.
Driving to Fort Pickett to meet w/ local officials &amp; tour the site of the future embassy security training center
@HillaryClinton is the best person to be our 45th president. Here's why: 
Today I encouraged @HillaryClinton to run for president &amp; pledged my support for her candidacy if she does 
Today I wrote to  calling for urgent action to halt the deteriorating humanitarian situation inside Syria 
May is National Foster Care Month- a month to highlight the urgent needs of many young people who find themselves w/o a safe &amp; loving family
Setting up for my Skype session with Harrisonburg High School seniors! 
Take a moment to read my op-ed in @thehill on the need for a consistent, constitutional process on war powers: 
Good luck to the riders kicking off the @USACcollegiate championships in Richmond today!  
HHS reports 200K in VA have gotten coverage through health insurance marketplace; Great start but could be 400K+ more if VA expands Medicaid
.@MarkWarner &amp; I agree we need to enhance efforts to make sure every Virginian has affordable access to broadband. 
Congrats to Melissa Porfirio of Crestwood Elementary School in Springfield, a finalist for the National Teacher of the Year Award!
Thanks to bipartisan work w/ @RepWOLFPress @Jim_Moran @GerryConnolly &amp; @MarkWarner Phase II of Silver Line moving fwd 
At 11AM I’ll call in to @COMMUNITYCLO's 7th annual Send a Kid to Camp radiothon – a great cause in my hometown! 
I’m proud to celebrate the contributions &amp; accomplishments of the  community in VA &amp; throughout the country this month 
Proud to co-sponsor the Women In Combat Symposium w/ @SenGillibrand &amp; @LorettaSanchez, highlighting full integration of women into military
RT @CIIWG: @timkaine on  "standards must be set and must be set in a fair way" 
I’ll be on the @jfradioshow to discuss Afghanistan, IRS issues &amp; in-state tuition for VA DREAMers. Listen live now: 
Sintoniza ahora @lagrand1480! Estaré hablando sobre el anuncio que los VA DREAMers serán elegibles para colegiaturas designadas a residentes
RT @demetriofloress: Hoy Jueves escucha La Gran D 1480, El Senador Tim Kaine hablando sobre los DREAMers y las Colegiaturas del  h…
It's always a pleasure to meet w/Angel Cabrera, President of @GeorgeMasonU! 
Stand ready to do all we can to help Lynchburg after train derailment. Grateful to officials on scene &amp; praying for safety of all in area.
Please be safe during continued heavy rains across Virginia. Read @VDEM's post on how to prepare for floods 
I’m discouraged the Senate failed to raise the  despite bipartisan support from the American public 
On my way to the floor to vote in favor of advancing legislation to  RT if you support!
I'll be chairing a hearing on the future of Afghanistan beyond 2014. Tune in now: 
I believe hard-working Americans deserve an opportunity to lift themselves out of poverty 
Tune in to @EspuelasVox at 3:35PM; will be discussing need to  &amp; in-state tuition for VA  students 
Tune in to @NewsChannel8 at 2:30PM for my conversation w/ Dave Lucas on why we need to 
Great news! @AGMarkHerring announced VA  students can now qualify for in-state tuition 
.@USNavy commitment to build 10 Virginia-class submarines is a huge win for VA &amp; our outstanding shipbuilders 
Lee mi articulo de opinion sobre la importancia de un aumento al salario minimo 
Raising minimum wage is win-win-win: helps Americans put food on their tables, boosts economy, lifts families out of poverty. 
RT @PaulHodges10: @timkaine  My 2 favorite places are the nation's capital, and Blackrock Mountain in Shenandoah National Park. …
What’s your favorite hike in Virginia? Here's my list  
.@CISSWVA Such an important program for kids in SWVA. I hope to be back soon!
In honor of  here's a list of my favorite hikes in Virginia: 
In today’s @PilotOpinion, @evanwolfson &amp; I share why we believe all Americans should have the freedom to marry 
Read my op-ed w/ @evanwolfson on how to advance Jefferson’s ideal of equality by ensuring the  for all 
Tomorrow, my staff will host Kaine Connects w/ @DeptVetAffairs Rural Health Outreach Team in Vinton. Please stop by! 
At @Heartwood_SWVA with my good friend Lu Ellsworth - a perfect way to end a great trip! 
.@bigpapi1958 @BVPSDistrict @cisnational Thanks for having me, great work being done!
.@Cisnational is doing amazing work in VA to help at-risk students reach their educational and professional potential 
Enjoyed touring the new Clean Energy R&amp;D facility in Bristol &amp; seeing their state of the art solar… 
Happy 100th Birthday Wrigley Field! 
Starting the morning off right with coffee from @Zazzy_Z in Abingdon 
Great night in Abingdon - Can't beat back-to-back live music at wolfhills &amp; bbq at Bone Fire Smokehouse! 
Heard same concerns in Abingdon that I heard in Wytheville: we must prioritize workforce training so workers' skills match available jobs
Gorgeous spring day in Bristol! 
Joining Bristol's @News5WCYB at 5:30PM to discuss how expanding workforce training &amp;  will benefit VA - tune in!
Great discussion w/ @emoryandhenry politics students on issue of war powers &amp; my efforts to reform the '73 resolution 
RT @GoParks: @timkaine Thanks for sharing the exciting news about ! 
Stopped by @WythevilleCC medical coding class &amp; spoke w/ student veteran about ways we can improve veterans services 
Great roundtable at @WythevilleCC to discuss how budget certainty &amp; improved workforce development would benefit SWVA 
Happy  - Today is a great reminder of the work we must do to ensure we are cleaner tomorrow than today!
If you're in Bluefield, tune in to @WVVA at 5PM to hear about my work to reduce veterans unemployment &amp; expand  
Heard from small business owners, educators &amp; local leaders in Roanoke - all agreed that increased… 
Wishing all the @bostonmarathon runners a great race day! 
Anne and I wish everyone a very happy Easter! Feeling blessed to be spending mine with family in Richmond.
.@ShenandoahNPS is one of my personal favorites. What's your favorite VA National Park? 
Get outdoors and enjoy the weather during  ! Here's a list of fee-free days 
.@lewisginter We sure did! Thanks for having us.
Tulips at the lewisginter Botanical Garden--strolling with Anne on Good Friday. 
Officially broke ground on the Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre site today! Proud of my… 
The Administration made a great decision in choosing Ft. Pickett as the site for an embassy security training center! Huge win for VA
Great news:  Americans have signed up for private health plans thanks to the  
Stopped at Wilson's BBQ in South Hill for lunch on way to Martinsville. BBQ plate was delicious! 
Tune in to @CBS6 at 5:30PM to watch me discuss my meeting w/ Richmond entrepreneurs &amp; more 
Excited to speak at @AtlanticLIVE event at @urichmond on how Millenials are sparking change! 
Love this dry erase sketch of  by artist @HamiltonGlass that served as backdrop for meeting w/start-ups this AM 
Excellent meeting w/ @Health_Warrior and other  start-ups! I learned a lot about ways to help… 
Our thoughts will always turn to the @Virginia_Tech community on April 16. 
Tune in to the @JackGravelyShow at 9:10AM to hear what I'm up to in Richmond today 
Tune in to @WAVY_News at 4:10 PM for my live interview from @NASA_Langley!  
Today at @NASA_Langley I learned about Doppler Wind Lidar technology &amp; how it can help measure wind… 
Making the rainy drive to @NASA_Langley to learn about its newest research &amp; development projects – stay tuned for photos!
As we reflect on last year’s Boston Marathon bombings, we remember the strength &amp; courage of the survivors &amp; their loved ones 
RT @NASA_Langley: Welcome  Sen. @timkaine visiting here today to learn more about research and tech development.
My warmest wishes go out to those celebrating Passover tonight. Anne &amp; I look forward to joining friends at our annual neighborhood Seder.
Perfect timing to make a stop at Mr. Jefferson's University, it's TJ's birthday week! 
What better way to join Instagram than with 400 uva politics students in my 1st photo? Thanks to… 
On my way to @LarrySabato's class to deliver the final guest lecture of his last semester teaching Intro to American Politics
Saw career &amp; tech ed in action at CVCC in Lynchburg; great model for how we can strengthen CTE programs across US 
RT @VisitHenrico: Sen. @timkaine rolled up his sleeves for Citizen Day in  to help paint a couple's home.     …
Great @RTDNEWS piece on the fight for recognition of VA Indian tribes &amp; their contributions to our culture &amp; history 
.@Rachel__Leah @LarrySabato I'm excited too! Thx for having me.
RT @ABABankingNews: ICYMI: @TimKaine &amp; ABA's Keating had fun Fri. teaching kids "needs vs wants" for Teach Children to Save Day  h…
Praying for victims &amp; community in Kansas today. Take a moment to read my statement: 
Thanks @CvilleVAchamber for having me this AM; glad to share efforts to get back to normal budget order and find compromise in Congress
It was great to see the @Vamilitary Corps marching in Richmond for the premiere of The Field of Lost Shoes yesterday! 
Thanks to all the volunteers who came out to help us with Operation Paintbrush today!  
Excited to kick off my 1st  project in Richmond today! Learn more about my new volunteer initiative: 
Grateful to Bill Burns for his 3 decades of excellent service. Truly one of our country’s greatest diplomats.
.@HollinMeadowsES kids agreed that an IPod is a want not a need, but were split on pets!  
Loved talking w/ kids at @HollinMeadowsES about importance of saving money!  
@WCNRTheCorner in 2 mins to hear what I'll be up to in Charlottesville Monday 
Tune in to @JFRadioShow now to learn more about , my volunteer initiative kicking off this Saturday 
In a few minutes I'll be on Kiss FM w/ @CommunityClo to discuss my upcoming service project . Tune in! 
Tune in to @1070WINA where I'll be discussing my new  initiative and my upcoming visit to Charlottesville! 
Stay connected and up to date on my work in the Senate by liking my facebook page: 
Great news for VA! @usairforce will keep Office of Scientific Research in Arlington. Proud of my work w/ @MarkWarner &amp; @Jim_Moran on this.
It's time to grant 6 Indian tribes long overdue federal recognition for their contributions to VA's rich history 
50 yrs after Civil Rights Act, thankful for those who sacrificed so much in the effort to truly make us one nation indivisible
.@MarkWarner @RTDNEWS True – too bad we were both beat by a flying squirrel  @gosquirrels
Today I met w/ the president of the shipbuilders council of America. Did you know that Virginia leads the nation in most shipbuilding jobs?
Through  we can highlight causes &amp; organizations that help Virginians in need - like Operation Paintbrush 
I'm deeply disappointed that many of my Senate colleagues just voted to deny hard-working women 
Join me Saturday to kick off my  initiative w/ a community service project in Henrico County 
Proud to receive @SavetheChildren's Champion for Children award 
Just met with @PMaurerICRC, President of @ICRC, to discuss the humanitarian crisis in Syria and what ICRC is doing to help
Students from King George HS had great questions about tech, the minimum wage and unemployment insurance. 
On my way to meet w/ Foreign Minister of Israel to discuss strong  partnership and mid-east regional issues
RT @MOMsOrganicMrkt: Tim Kaine, US senator and former VA governor gives MOM's a shout-out on the Senate floor!


It's hard to believe that in 2014 women in VA earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns. It's time for  
The Senate unanimously approved resolution I intro'd w/ @marcorubio calling for a new humanitarian strategy in  
Proud to pass bipartisan bill to  for millions of vulnerable Americans struggling to find their next job.
Women in Virginia earn 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. RT if you support  for equal work. 
It's time to pass the  b/c the gender pay gap hurts women and their families. 
.@60minutes tells inspiring story of the nurses behind the Health Wagon &amp; how expanding Medicaid in Virginia can help 
Read my @RTDNEWS on war powers – b/c we owe it to our troops to be clear about how we make these critical decisions. 
Tune in to @FoxNews Sunday in just a few minutes to watch my discussion w/ Rep. McCaul on the Fort Hood tragedy and military base security
Tomorrow morning I’ll be on @FoxNews Sunday to discuss the Fort Hood tragedy and military base security
OP-ED: Sending American service members into battle is the most important decision civilian leaders can make 
I'm excited to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the founding of Reston &amp; founder Bob Simon’s 100th birthday today!
RT @MarkWarner: Proud to work w/@timkaine @RepRobertHurt &amp; @RepMGriffith to bring jobs to Martinsville/HenryCo: 
Proud of my bipartisan work w/ @markwarner @reproberthurt @RepMGriffith to help secure permit for Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre!
Best of luck to our new office neighbors in Danville @GetFitDanRiver on an important challenge.  
Good luck to the @Nationals in today's home opener! 
.@SenSherrodBrown @Indians  Ramirez?
Made a quick pit stop at the Apple House in Front Royal for some delicious cinnamon apple donuts 
On my way to Front Royal for the launch of the @ShenandoahNPS quarter. Happy @usmint is honoring such a beautiful national park!
Headed to @GeorgeMasonU to give the 3rd Annual Kingsley Haynes Lecture on my efforts to reform war powers cc: @MasonPolicy
So grateful for the work of my good friend Jerry Baliles at @Miller_Center –one of the major reasons for my interest in reforming war powers
On my way to the @WhiteHouse for the signing of the Gabriella Miller  Research Act! Learn more: 
Congratulations to VADM Jan Tighe, the new commander of US Fleet Cyber Command/ 10th Fleet &amp; 1st woman to command a Fleet in @USNavy!
Congrats to @cityofdanville &amp; Japan Tobacco International on a beautiful new entrance to Danville's River District 
.@MattLaslo worth the wait to talk federal recognition for 6 VA Indian tribes; thanks for covering this important issue for the Commonwealth
En algunos minutos estare hablando sobre el aumento al salario minimo, Sintoniza 
Pleased @ChrisLu44 was confirmed @USDOL Dep. Secretary. Looking fwd to his work to improve workforce training &amp;  opportunities for all
Grateful our bill to grant fed. recognition to 6 VA Indian tribes passed out of @IndianCommittee - 1 step closer to recognition they deserve
No one who works full time should live in poverty. More from my remarks today on why we must : 
RT the great news: Thanks to the ,  have signed up for private health coverage 
.@TuxedoPandas I'm glad I did, thanks for inviting me to participate!
ICYMI: This morning I spoke on the need to  and other topics affecting working families. Watch here: 
At 7:30AM I’ll sit down w/ @Fox5DCAllison &amp; @stevechenevey to talk about how raising the  will benefit VA’s families &amp; economy
Tune in to @wusa9 at 6:45AM for my conversation with @mikehydeck &amp; @abuddy on why we need to 
.@SenSherrodBrown @Reds @MLB Correct, I gave you an easy one to start off the season!
Wishing my very good friend @SenAngusKing a happy birthday!
Excited it's @MLB opening day! Which MLB franchise is the only team that gets to open every season at home? Bonus: why? cc: @SenSherrodBrown
Heading to floor to speak about 4/5 Afghan elections-significant milestone for country &amp; Afghan people; watch here 
Scott Nash, owner of @MOMsOrganicMrkt in Alexandria, &amp; I agree that it's time to  for working families 
Hoy es el ultimo día para inscribirse en un plan de salud, ! →
On my way to @MOMsOrganicMrkt in Alexandria to discuss their practice of paying more than min wage &amp; why it's good for business
Great piece on VA college students who turn their passion for tech into a fun &amp; creative problem-solving exercise: 
It's race day at @MartinsvilleSwy! Good luck to all the drivers in the STP 500. 
Heartbreaking loss for the Hoos last night. Congrats on an incredible season @UVA
@amyebridge Of course! I always go with the chocolate shake
Can't drive through Staunton without stopping at Wright's Dairy-Rite! Headed home now to watch @UVA beat MSU  
Enjoyed hearing abt Vision2025 &amp; discussing impt of funding education &amp; transpo, expanding Medicaid for Alleghany Co. 
On my way to  Dabney S. Lancaster Community College in Clifton Forge to discuss economic development in the region w/ local leaders
Join more than 6 mil. people who have signed up for private health plans and  by March 31. 
 to when a woman could be charged more for health insurance just because of her gender. Now that’s illegal 
I just voted to pass much-needed economic assistance for the people and government of  &amp; sanctions on  
I'm asking @StateDept to expedite processing of visas for Afghan interpreters in danger for aiding US troops-
RT If you think it's time for Congress to  for Americans who need relief while they look for their next job.
I had a great time meeting with students from Blue Ridge Middle School yesterday! 
Hoy me reuní con lideres empresariales de Virginia, Carlos Del Toro y Carlos Castro, para hablar sobre la economia. 
Congrats to @JMUWBasketball on an amazing season! 
No one can get enough of VA’s delicious oysters! Read the success story of a local favorite: family-owned @RROysters 
Great news! The National Park Service announced that the Washington Monument will re-open on May 12, after years of repairs.
RT to thank farmers in Virginia and across the country for working hard to feed the nation! 
This is not just a women’s issue, it’s a family issue and an economic issue.  
Whether a woman needs it for family planning or other medical reasons, corporate CEOs shouldn’t decide what medication she uses
I hope  rules in favor of a woman’s right to make her own health care choices. RT if you agree 
Sending my deepest condolences, thoughts &amp; prayers to those impacted by last night's shooting at Naval Station Norfolk.
At 8:35AM I’ll join Jimmy Barrett on @1140WRVA to discuss how Medicaid expansion would help &gt;400K Virginians 
In 5 minutes I’ll join @jfradioshow to talk Medicaid expansion &amp; my bipartisan work to address the crisis in Syria   
Great to see today's @google homepage honor Dorothy Height of  for her work advancing civil rights &amp; women's equality 
Met w/ cast of @TurnAMC who have been filming in &amp; around Richmond. Can't wait to see local spots when it premieres! 
Hoy celebramos el cuarto aniv. de la ley del cuidado de salud asequible,   en , tienes hasta el 31 de marzo
4 yrs later,  has protected people w/ pre-existing conditions, reduced the deficit &amp; expanded free preventive care
Thx Team @frc1086 for writing &amp; asking that I come by to meet you at yesterday’s  - So glad that I did! 
The under-told impact of Medicaid expansion is how it would help rural Virginians who lack access to care. 
The @ramusaorg clinic in Wise County shows us why Medicaid expansion is critical to VA. Read my @roanoketimes op-ed 
@ParkdaleRobotic  Good luck! Look fwd to seeing you there today
Headed to the @VirginiaFIRST  at the @SiegelCenter to cheer on VA's robotics teams! 
Disappointing loss for @vcu last night. Congrats to the Rams on a great season
Rooting for @UVA and @VCU tonight, make Virginia proud!  
We can never take the right to vote for granted. Reflections from the Civil Rights Pilgrimage led by @repjohnlewis: 
Great to see the @DoleFoundation honor military caregivers, including McLean's Patty Horan  
Filled out my  bracket. I have @VCU in the Sweet 16 &amp; @UVA going all the way. Who’s in your ? 
Congrats @newcollegeinst on a well-deserved @usda grant to expand telemedicine &amp; distance learning programs in southern VA
Today I called on the President to issue an executive order to protect LGBT workers from workplace discrimination 
Congrats @nsuspartanz for ranking #3 on the @peacecorps 2014 list of top volunteer-producing HBCUs!
This week, members of my staff will host Kaine Connects in Tazewell, Woodstock, Clinchco &amp; Richmond. Please stop by! 
ICYMI: In @DefenseNewsTV interview I discuss why we need to maintain an 11-carrier Navy 
Please stay safe if you’re out in the snow today. Here’s a map showing which streets have been plowed in your area: 
Happy St. Patrick’s Day!
My statement on Russia’s recognition of today’s referendum in Crimea: 
Settling in after church for 1 pm @UVA and @VCU conference final games.  I love March!
Happy ! Great day to celebrate  education
Solo faltan 17 dias para obtener cobertura. Visita  
Don't miss a very thoughtful post on the Victims Protection Act by my staffer Karen, an Air Force Reserve Officer 
Pleased about the bipartisan Senate deal to  - a critical  shouldn't have been this hard
At today’s vigil, I stood  by calling for more humanitarian aid for those suffering violence &amp; displacement 
RT if you stand with more than 5 million children who need humanitarian aid  
Great news! Senate passed  which helps Virginians by ensuring families have access to quality, affordable childcare 
At today’s hearing on  I stressed the need for science-driven policy that enables the US to get cleaner tomorrow than today
Millions of Syrians have been forced to flee their homes. It’s time to stand 
Today @marcorubio and I introduced a bipartisan resolution calling for a new humanitarian strategy for  
I enjoyed talking with Virginia's United States @SenateYouth delegates tonight! 
I look forward to joining @DardenMBA students tonight for a discussion about business &amp; govt, and my work on the Armed Services Committee
Honored to meet w/Chiefs of Missions for many countries I oversee as Mid-East subcmte chair who were in town for @StateDept conference today
.@BillGates stopped by &amp; heard from my staffer Alvaro about the opportunities afforded to him thx to @GatesScholars 
Good luck to the Hokies in their first round  game!
Expanding RCPS+ is a great move for Virginians as it trains the next generation of STEM professionals. Learn more: 
Deeply grateful Fredericksburg’s Josh Hardy will receive the medication he needs. My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ him &amp; his family 
Looking forward to discussing my  speech on @WHRO's HearSay w/ Cathy Lewis today at 12:25 pm. Tune in: 
In Armed Services Cmte hearing I asked General Dunford about upcoming Afghan elections &amp; was pleased to hear security will be high priority
Proud to back this impt bill MT @SmashingWalnuts: Thx @OrrinHatch &amp; @timkaine for your support of Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act!
Proud to lead effort w/ @MarkWarner @EricCantor to pass Gabriella Miller  Research Act cc: @smashingwalnuts 
Tune in to the @dailyrundown at 9:35AM for my discussion w/ @chucktodd on the need to invest in clean energy
Please stop by Kaine Connects this wk in Botetourt Co., Lebanon, Clifton Forge, Bristol, Grundy, Lovingston &amp; Crozet: 
In a few minutes I'll speak on the Senate floor on the need to reduce pollution &amp; invest in clean energy  
Looking fwd to joining @chucktodd tmrw at 9:35AM to discuss clean energy &amp; the  Senate speeches
At 10PM tonight I will join my Senate colleagues in standing . Tune in: 
Proud to join Senators across party lines to pass bill that protects &amp; empowers survivors of military sexual assault 
Loved watching a demonstration by @NOVA_Stem Robotics Team 1 before they go to the @VEXRobotics Championship in April 
Great discussion w/ @NovaAccess students in Alexandria about how  classes prepare them for jobs in Northern VA 
Truly a moving day – humbled to march w/ @repjohnlewis for the commemoration of the 1965 Edmund Pettus Bridge crossing in Selma
Today we celebrate the economic, political &amp; social achievements of women across the globe &amp; pledge to keep striving for equality 
Don’t miss my conversation w/ @SenAngusKing on @WGANNews at 10AM tmrw on our visit to the Middle East 
Couldn't resist. The band was playing Stormy Monday Blues, a personal favorite RT @ChrisMurphyCT @timkaine, show off. 
Wishing all of our @USParalympics athletes good luck! 
Honored to join the 14th annual @FaithNPolitics Civil Rights Pilgrimage this wkend led by @repjohnlewis. First stop, Clarksdale MS  
.@TheEllenShow inspired @MarkWarner and me to take some selfies w/ VA small business owners at our coffee this AM 
What an honor to have His Holiness the @DalaiLama offer the opening prayer for today's session
At 8:30 AM I'll join @mikemosswtop &amp; @JoanJ to discuss the situation in Ukraine and the President's budget. Tune in: 
In this morning's Armed Services Cmte hearing I'll ask Secretary Hagel about the defense budget's impact on VA &amp; 11-carrier fleet
Fellow Budget Cmte member @MarkWarner &amp; I weighed in on the President’s budget proposal. Read our statements here: 
I was honored to speak at @actecareertech’s policy seminar about the importance of strengthening  
Happy 40th anniversary @NatWICAssoc! Thx for your important work to support mothers &amp; families 
Please stay safe tonight as snow &amp; ice begin to accumulate on the roads in VA.
Pleased @NatlParkService will award &gt;$150K to protect battlefields in VA through the program my bipartisan battlefield bill reauthorizes
As we pay tribute to the countless contributions of women throughout history, let’s keep fighting for equal pay 
Proud to be partners on this issue  MT @SenatorBaldwin Proud to work w/ @timkaine &amp; @robportman to designate Feb as Month -TB
Congrats to @JohnWalsh on his maiden floor speech today. Grateful for his service &amp; hope to work together on efforts to support veterans
Great video featuring @billclinton on the importance of expanding the right to vote  
Proud to join @robportman @SenatorBaldwin to intro resolution celebrating career &amp;technical education &amp; encouraging educators to promote CTE
The Syrian refugee crisis is an unacceptable disaster. Headed to Senate floor to call for unhindered humanitarian access. Tune in on CSPAN2
@RepScottRigell Thanks!
Staff surprised me w/ a baseball almanac so I can achieve my new year’s resolution &amp; stump @SenSherrodBrown in trivia 
Impt @OperationFree @SolarFound report on matching vets skills w/ solar jobs. Great example of  goals: 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!  Cc: @SenatorCarper @ToddyPuller @RTDSchapiro
Grateful to the survivors of military sexual assault who courageously shared their stories today as we discussed how to improve treatment
Enjoyed meeting Virginians NC1 Linda Gilmore &amp; LCDR James Hornef from the USS ENTERPRISE today 
About to chair a subcommittee hearing on recent political &amp; security developments in Lebanon, following my visit last wk w/newly formed govt
.@bennyjohnson As the only  Senator to have defeated a cat in a general election, I accept. 
Take a moment to read my op-ed in @thehill on how we can send the right signal on renewable energy 
In Armed Services Cmte hearing, DoD nominees agreed w/ me – maintaining 11-carrier Navy is critical &amp; required by law 
Very qualified nominee &amp; fellow Richmonder MT @MarkWarner @timkaine and I intro'ed Hannah Lauck at Senate hrg today 
Headed to Armed Services Cmte hearing - will question DoD nominees on the impacts of the defense budget on our national security priorities.
At 7:20AM I’ll talk w/ my friend @jfradioshow about my visit to the Middle East. Listen live: 
This week, my staff will host Kaine Connects in Annandale, Burke, Christiansburg &amp; Pearisburg. Please stop by! 
People are right to be angry: they understand they did not cause the recession, but they had to pay for it while Wall Street grew richer.
.@SenWarren and @SenWhitehouse are exactly right. Big oil has rigged the system. It's time for their greed to end. 
Anyone who doesn't understand the anxiety and fear of working families has no idea about what's going on in the economy.
If America proclaims freedom and equality as its guiding principles, it must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
It will take the average black family 228 years to reach the level of wealth the average white family has today. 
In 23 states, the cost of preschool is higher than in-state tuition. We need a revolution in childcare. 
Speaking out for your fellow Americans and raising issues is brave. I know it's not easy, but it is very important.
88 million eligible adults don't vote. That's a disgrace. Our leaders must give people reason to think their priorities will be represented.
There is enough death and destruction in the world without our adding to it. The death penalty must be abolished.
Anybody claiming there is widespread voter fraud, trying to suppress the vote, trying to keep people from voting, is a political coward.
I worry about what it will take for climate change deniers to finally wake up and realize what is happening to our planet.
It's absurd when the top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all of the kindergarten teachers in America combined. 
Members of Congress spend too much time in pursuit of money and too little time actually debating the issues.
We have accomplished too much as a country to see our progress washed away leaders who are fearful, hateful and misinformed.
It is unacceptable that many major corporations have paid nothing in federal income taxes.
Repealing the estate tax will do nothing for  of American families. It's just a handout to billionaires and their kids.
We need Supreme Court justices who will protect a woman’s right to choose, workers’ rights and the rights of the LGBT community.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich.
We must step up to cut our fossil fuel dependence and be a leader in using renewable energy. We have no choice. 
Nuclear weapons are a threat to our security. We must limit nuclear proliferation, now and in the future. 
Banking should be about providing affordable loans to small businesses and creating jobs, not making as much profit as possible.
The global economy has simply failed when so many have so little and so few have so much.
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule. It is the rule.
America is remarkable because we are the sons, daughters, brothers and sisters of people of all races and religious creeds.
Our struggle now is about whether we come together and say, "Sorry, our government is going to work for all of us, not just the top 1%."
In a global economy we need the best educated workforce in the world, not the one where people cannot afford a higher education.
This is the greatest country. We should act like it by treating all of our people with the same respect regardless where they come from.
The American people understand: Taking care of veterans is as much a cost of war as tanks and guns. Our Congress needs to understand it too.
It would be nice to put off worrying about climate change for a few decades. But the truth is we have no choice but to act now.
The wage gap is not only an issue of unequal pay. It is an issue of unequal opportunity, which sets women back throughout their lives.
We have virtually no voter fraud in America. What is the fraud is that people are changing laws because of so-called voter fraud.
If an institution is too big to fail, it is too big to exist, and that is the bottom line.
It is not bad or harmful for the federal government to provide assistance to those in need. We need more compassion in government, not less.
Big, powerful donors are so invested in the status quo that we aren't going to change America unless millions of us fight for that change.
At a time when the senior poverty rate is going up, we have got to make sure that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
My message to the billionaires: You can’t continue sending our jobs to China while millions are looking for work.
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans.
Sadly, we will not be able to confront climate change like we need to unless we first pass meaningful campaign finance reform.
I do not believe the greatest country on Earth should have one of the highest rates of childhood poverty of any major country.
Virtually every Western industrialized country has chosen to end capital punishment. The United States should join them.
We only have one Earth. If we're going to leave our children a planet that's habitable we must move away from fossil fuels.
It's simple, really: Politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. That's not radical. It's democracy.
The reality is that the largest low-wage employer in this country is the federal government. That must change. 

The Koch brothers are spending hundreds of millions so they can have a Congress that works for the 1 percent. We can’t let that happen.
When working people don't have disposable income, when they're not out buying goods and products, we are not creating the jobs that we need.
We are rapidly moving toward a nation of the super-rich, by the super-rich and for the super-rich.
It is class warfare when the wealthy buy our elections to get tax breaks for themselves and cut spending to programs the rest of us need.
Lawmakers shouldn’t be trying to suppress the vote. They should be trying to get people to turn out in record numbers every single year.
It's cruel for Republicans to blame the poor for a deficit the GOP caused by forgetting to pay for two wars and giving the 1% tax breaks.
I can tell you that from a human point of view, it is better to show up than to give up.
Equal pay for equal work. It's not a radical idea. It's an issue of basic justice.
To politicians who pass laws to suppress the vote I say: Get another job.
This is a good step toward ensuring the planet is habitable for our children and grandchildren.

Cutting Social Security, a life and death issue for seniors and those with disabilities, isn't just bad economics - it's immoral.
The Koch brothers' agenda - ending Social Security, Medicare and all campaign finance limitations - has become Republicans' agenda.
No mother should be forced back to work days after giving birth. If every other major country can have paid maternity leave, so can we.
Poverty is not just discomfort, it is a death sentence. Those whose income is in the bottom 20% die six years earlier than the top 20%.
My "radical" $5 billion youth jobs plan costs 1/120th the amount of potential tax revenue we let corporations hide overseas.
The rich get much richer and the Republicans think they need more help. I do not believe those are the priorities of the American people.
I didn't hear folks in Congress calling wealth redistribution 'radical' as $1 trillion got transferred from the middle class to the top 1%.
If the Walton family can receive billions in taxpayer subsidies, maybe it's OK for working people to get health care and paid family leave.
I’ve been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: Yes, health care is a right of all people.
It is unconscionable that millions of people in the world’s richest country are one diagnosis or car accident away from financial disaster.
There is hatred being generated against immigrants in this country. We've got to stand together and reject that hate.
The American people want fair elections. They want free elections. They don`t want billionaires buying elections.
Avoiding “political correctness” is no excuse for disrespecting the basic decency of fellow human beings.
Lots of hate is being generated against Muslims in America. If we stand for anything we have to stand together and end all forms of racism.
I’m Jewish. My father’s family died in concentration camps. I will do everything I can to rid this country of the ugly stain of racism.
28 million Americans still don't have health care. What's Republicans' answer? Throw 20 million more Americans off health insurance.
High growth rates for corporations has paid off for those at the top. The rest of our people are done waiting for it to trickle down.
Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, not the government.
Hundreds of thousands of bright kids can't afford to go to college and millions more leave school with a mountain of debt. That's insane.
Election days come and go. But the struggle of the people to create a government which represents all of us and not just the 1% continues.
Social change, real change, does not happen in one day or one year, it happens only from the bottom on up.
It is not moral, not acceptable and not sustainable that the top one-tenth of one percent now own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%.
Republicans believe in huge tax breaks for billionaires, but that states should actually be able to cut the minimum wage. What an outrage!
We become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, fight to create the kind of country we all know we can become.
What I have believed my whole life is that we are in this together. That's what human nature is about.
Thank you, Harry Reid, for standing up to the powers that be and taking on the big money interests in this country. 
Young people in this country should be in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
It is absurd that millions of workers are unemployed or underemployed when there is enormous work to be done rebuilding our infrastructure.
We are producing enough to feed the hungry and provide what people need, yet our economy works day after day to make billionaires richer.
It is disgraceful that millions of full-time workers live in poverty and millions more must work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing our planet. How will Republicans address it? They call it a "hoax."
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
The future of drug prices in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
A student who studies hard gets hit with insurmountable debt, yet bankers who crashed their own businesses and our economy got a bailout.
Speaking out for your fellow Americans and raising issues is brave. I know it is not easy, but it is very important.
If someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Democrats would find electoral success by making it clear that they stand with the American people and are prepared to take on the powerful.
FDR was absolutely right when he said that the test of our progress is how we take care for the poor and our most vulnerable people.
Change never takes place from the top down, it comes from the bottom up. Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo.
Republicans claim to want less intrusive government, but they force regulations on women’s bodies.
Religious liberty does not have to come at the expense of others’ constitutional rights.
We must make clear to the working families of America that we will take on the billionaire class and stand up to powerful special interests.
We have got to continue fighting for a government that represents all of us, not just the 1%. That fight cannot and will not end.
I find it inconceivable that Republicans continue to ignore the reality of climate change, which is the global crisis of our time.
Voter ID laws are designed to suppress the vote. They mostly affect the elderly, college students, young people and the poor—not fraudsters.
There will be no end to the impact corporate interests can have on our campaigns and our democracy if we do not overturn Citizens United.
If this country stands for anything, we have to stand with those people who came home from war injured in body and soul.
The so-called job creators are not the CEOs of the large corporations, but millions of people who go out and purchase goods and services.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
Our country is great because we are the sons and daughters of immigrants, and I think we should all be very proud of that.
We have such a large national debt because George W. Bush gave tax breaks to billionaires and took us into two wars he forgot to pay for.
The evidence is clear: Fracking is a danger to our health and our planet. We must phase out fracking nationwide. 
People who need a tax cut are not those who are raking in millions and millions each year, but the struggling middle class.
We have a situation now where Wall Street banks are not only too big to fail, they are too big to jail.
We need a pro-worker agenda, not an austerity agenda that will strangle the middle class of this country even more than it is hurting today.
Great move by the NBA pulling next year's All-Star Game from NC. We must stand with our LGBTQ brothers and sisters. 
No serious platform of ideas should try to disenfranchise voters, fight against gay rights and take away health care of millions.
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering. We will not turn our backs on refugees fleeing violence.
After centuries of racism, sexism and discrimination in our country, the last thing we need are candidates who promote bigotry.
Our country needs somebody who brings us together, not divides us up.
The federal minimum wage of $ is a starvation wage. It’s time to raise it to $15 an hour. 
We cannot afford to elect people who, despite all of the scientific evidence, believe that climate change is a hoax.
To discourage young people from going to college due to cost isn't just a tragedy for those kids. It will be a tragedy for our nation.
We should end the regressive policy of government making billions in profits off student loans taken out by low and middle income families
We are practically the only nation that doesn't offer family leave so that parents can be with their baby. That to me is an enormous shame.
Republican governors are working overtime to suppress voters and make it harder for people to participate in the democratic process.
The Republican Party could stand to remember who founded this country, and stop demonizing immigrants and refugees at every turn.
Republicans should worry less about targeting LGBT individuals and more about paying our workers a wage that they can live on.
We should want more people voting, not less. This is a huge victory over Republicans' attempts to suppress the vote. 
When Wall Street talks, Congress listens. When working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?
AstraZeneca cannot be allowed to put profits over patients' health. Americans must have access to low-cost generics. 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick. 
Republican fear-mongering is making this country unsafe for people who have done nothing wrong.
The surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. We can and will change that.
We must say no to those who promote hatred and to make certain that we create an America that works for all of us.
I wish that Congress would respect our planet as much as it respects big banks.
It is crazy that we have Republicans who not only will not raise the minimum wage, but want to do away with the concept of a minimum wage.
We need a system that works not just for millionaires and billionaires, but for all of us. 
It really is an embarrassment that Republican politicians, with few exceptions, refuse to even recognize the reality of climate change.
It’s not enough to just avoid retreating on women's rights. We have to expand them.
Of workers who would get a raise under a $15 an hour minimum wage, more than a quarter have children. 
We have made enormous progress in combatting discrimination but now people are again trying to divide us up in xenophobic and racist ways.
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they have no health care.
Right now, if you are poor, government turns its back on you, yet it welcomes the wealthy and their lobbyists. We’ve got it backwards.
Making a $1 trillion of investment to repair our infrastructure would create 13 million jobs, and that is exactly what we should be doing.
When we discuss wealth inequality and campaign reform, ultimately we're asking a moral question: What kind of nation do we wish to become?
Almost everything FDR proposed - Medicare, a minimum wage - was called socialist. Yet these programs have become the fabric of our nation.
If you work 40 hours a week at the current federal minimum wage, you are making about $15,000 a year. That is undoubtedly a starvation wage.
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace finally pay the taxes they should.
CEO compensation has grown roughly three times faster than the wages of the top  percent. 
No one, least of all people in the richest country on Earth, should have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents, they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
When we switch to sustainable energy, we help the planet, we cut people’s energy bills and we create jobs. It’s obvious what we should do.
The African-American community nationwide lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. Where's their bailout?
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves, standing as huge profit centers outside of the real productive economy.
It is not too much to demand that everyone 18 years of age is registered to vote—end of discussion.
People who live in low-income and minority communities will bear the most severe consequences of society’s addiction to fossil fuels.
What the American economy should be about is fighting to protect the middle class, not indulging the greed of billionaires.
Income and wealth inequality is not just a matter of building a stronger economy. It is a human issue. It is a moral issue.
My thoughts are with the families and loved ones of those killed in Nice. The United States stands ready to support the French people.
If we are to prosper in a global economy, we must have the best educational system in the world from childcare through college.
Challenging the drug lobby over senseless price hikes means fighting for the lives of millions who can't afford the medication they need.
To discourage young people from going to college due to cost isn't just a tragedy for those individuals. It's a tragedy for our nation.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
The fact that billionaires' views are wildly out of step with most Americans goes a long way in explaining why the same is true of Congress.
Our job is to stand up. Our job is to fight back. Our job is not to allow anybody to divide us up.
We must make it easier for people to get the substance abuse treatment they need when they need it. 
Despair is not an option--not if you want a decent future for your kids or grandchildren, not if you understand this country's potential.
RT @4TaxFairness: Maker of $84,000 drug avoided $10 billion in  taxes, report says  
Gilead bought a taxpayer funded medication and jacked up the price to $1,000 per pill, or $84,000 per treatment. That's outrageous.
Our job in Congress is to ensure a future that is sustainable -- for our environment, for our economy, for our people and their children.
The pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people. 
We could fully fund tuition-free public colleges if corporations paid in taxes today what they paid under "radical socialist" Ronald Reagan.
In 30 years, state and local spending on corrections has increased three times as fast as spending on schools. That is just unacceptable.
If it's radical to think that the United States shouldn't have more people in jail than any other country, then yes, count me as a radical.
We know we have a problem when spending to incarcerate people rises faster than spending to educate them.
I don’t know how many times I have to say it, but I’ll keep saying it until it happens: all people should have a right to health care.
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, to stand with working people and, when necessary, take on the powerful.
It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is we everyone has an impact on everyone else.
I wish I could say that we as a country have made enough progress for all Americans to truly be equal by now. But, no, our fight must go on.
No one will be successful in dividing us. America becomes a greater nation, a stronger nation, when we stand together as one people.
62 people own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population — around  billion people. 62 people!
Some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. It's 2016. That's a disgrace.
Citizens United is nothing less than legalized bribery – plain and simple.
The top 1 percent now owns more wealth than the whole of the bottom 99 percent. How do we accept that?
How insane is it for us to literally discourage bright young people from attending college because of how much money their parents make?
While we attack grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.
In a thousand different ways, we are taught to think small. We are taught to think we can’t change the status quo. That does not have to be.
We should not be passing trade agreements that are opposed by practically every union, representing millions of American workers.
Five years ago, a $15 minimum wage was considered too radical. But when people see the justice of an idea, it catches fire very quickly.
The attack on police officers in Dallas last night is horrifying and despicable. We must as a nation stand against violence of all kinds.
If there is a police related shooting, that should trigger an immediate investigation with the Department of Justice.
RT @statnews: .@SenSanders urges FDA to approve generic Crestor to lower costs for cholesterol patients.  https://t.…
People should not need a smartphone in order to get basic information about what is in their food.
The Stabenow-Roberts GMO "labeling" bill was bought and paid for by Monsanto and the Grocery Manufacturers Association.
Monsanto thinks their money can buy influence that will further their corporate interests. You know what? That’s exactly what happened.
Heading down to the Senate floor now to urge my colleagues to stop this terrible GMO "labeling" bill. Watch here: 
.@SenThomTillis This tweet was sent more than 24 hours ago. Trouble downloading the QR code reader?
RT @nealgoswami: .@SenSanders launches final push to derail  bill in the  Senate  
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police. That's unacceptable.
REMINDER: Opponents to GMO labeling spent nearly $400 MILLION to ensure people don't know what's in their food. 
The New York Times agrees: The Stabenow-Roberts bill is deeply flawed and should not pass. 
Your constitutional rights don’t depend on your race, gender, religion, sexuality or income. I can’t believe we still need to say that.
The struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is a struggle that must be fought by every generation.
We have to summon up the courage to acknowledge that we are in a crisis situation and that bold action is needed to save our planet.
Can you tell from these photos which product contains GMOs? 
RT @TulsiPress: Senate  bill creates the illusion of transparency, but actually makes things more confusing for consumers …
cc: @SenPatRoberts 
If you can't read the QR code, now you know why it's good that Vermont requires clear GMO labels on the package.
.@SenateAgDems You can find my response here: 
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Families deserve to know what's in their food. That's why I'm opposing a federal bill that would undermine CT's state …
RT @SenatorTester: The Senate should not be in the business of hiding information from consumers. 
92% of consumers think GMOs should be labeled. Congress should represent this enormous majority, not just wealthy corporations.
The Stabenow-Roberts GMO bill is confusing, misleading and unenforceable. It does nothing to make sure consumers know what they’re eating.
Companies all over the country are already labeling GMOs and, guess what, the sky didn't fall. 
If 64 countries already require labeling of GMOs, is it really such a radical idea? 
Sen. Sanders speaking about the Senate GMO labeling bill now. Watch here: 
Agribusiness spent $52 million in campaign contributions this election cycle. It’s not a mystery why Congress won’t support GMO labeling.
Real family values are paid sick time, paid family leave and guaranteed vacation time so parents can spend leisure time with their children.
Mars, the Grocery Manufacturers Association and North American Meat Institute support the anti-GMO bill. Consumers aren't the priority here.
People have a right to know what's in the food they eat and feed their children. Congress must protect that right.
This is intentionally confusing to consumers, and the information may be entirely inaccessible for many consumers. 
The trade agreements pushed by corporate America are great if you are CEO of a major corporation, but are a disaster for American workers.
64 other countries around the world require the mandatory labeling of GMO foods. The current Senate bill would not.

The views of the billionaire class are profoundly out of step with working Americans, which goes a long way to explain Congress' agenda.
Happy 4th of July! 
Whose views should we trust on trade legislation? Corporate America or organizations that represent working families and the environment?
It's interesting that Republicans who tell us how terrible the government is, now want to overturn GMO labeling laws passed in 4 states.
Understanding the magnitude of the climate crisis means realizing that good environmental policy is also good economic policy.
“Who are to be the electors of the Federal Representatives? Not the rich, more than the poor.” -James Madison
Let us never forget that in 2008, Wall Street’s greed, recklessness and illegal behavior nearly destroyed our economy.
On the TPP, we must take the side of unions and environmental groups who oppose it, not multinational corporations trying to outsource jobs.
Must Read: Income inequality today may be higher today than in any other era -@_jeffguo. 
The anti-GMO bill is confusing and toothless. It will do nothing to help with food transparency and harm the already work done by states.
Big Ag spent hundreds of millions on lobbying and campaign contributions to stop GMO labeling laws. We can’t let them get away with it.
Food companies believe they have a right to unlimited profits, but they don't think people have a right to know what's in the food they eat.
The anti-GMO bill in the Senate is confusing, misleading and unenforceable. We must have higher standards than that for federal legislation.
The Stabenow-Roberts anti-GMO bill contains huge loopholes in the labeling requirement. There’s not even a penalty for violating it.
The poor will see politics as irrelevant and won't join the political process as long as both parties continue to ignore their problems.
Monsanto's goal is to deny states the right to label GMOs. If we don't stop them, they may just succeed. Watch: 
Change happens in this country when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. I believe we are in such a moment right now.
I am proud that Vermont is first state to mandate GMO labeling. What I’m not proud of is the Senate bill trying to destroy this progress.
RT @Salon: Bernie blasts Puerto Rico bill and Wall Street vulture funds in powerful Senate speech  …
RT @AlexApple_: First look: What does @SenSanders think of a federal GMO compromise that would affect Vermont's law? WATCH:…
Sen. Roberts' GMO bill imposes no penalties whatsoever for violating the labeling requirement, making the law essentially meaningless.
The GMO legislation in Congress would create a confusing, misleading and unenforceable national standard for labeling GMOs. It cannot pass.
RT @DaveZuckermanVT: Proud to stand with @SenatorLeahy @SenSanders @PeterWelch @GovPeterShumlin @vtrighttoknow   https…
RT @VBSRpolicy: Thank you to @SenSanders for defending Vt's GMO labeling law.  
Big agriculture companies like Monsanto do not believe people have a right to know what's in the food they eat.
NEWS: Sanders Vows to Defend Vermont’s GMO Labeling Law 
Vermont has shown what happens when democracy works. The people speak, state government responds and important legislation gets passed.
I'm proud of the grassroots activism that led to this law and the support the legislature and @GovPeterShumlin gave. 
It's not complicated. People want to know the quality of the food they're eating and what they're giving to their kids. 
I Will Do Everything I Can to Defeat This Terrible GMO Bill. A letter from Sen. Sanders: 
All over Europe, we've got dozens and dozens of countries which label GMO products. We should be able to do that here in America as well.
If we don't act, our grandchildren will wonder what was so important about fossil fuel profits that it was worth sacrificing their future.
I am proud to join Sen. Schatz to address the outrageously high rate of recidivism in this country. 
RT @SenBrianSchatz: Thank you @SenatorDurbin, @SenWhitehouse &amp; @SenSanders for working with me to restore Pell Grants for incarcerated indi…
Congress’ job is to represent what the people want, and an enormous majority of Americans want genetically modified food to be labeled.
It's long past time we opened the military to openly transgender people. Glad to see this step toward equality. 
My entire political career has been dedicated to the conviction that Americans are entitled to live lives of decency and dignity.
Proud @AtBennington will take part in Second Chance Pell. Rehabilitation, not more incarceration, will help inmates get back on their feet.
It really is frightening when you have a party that controls both the House and Senate that says, "You know what? We reject science."
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward, not just a dark corner to hide in.
RT @politico: Sanders steps up battle against GMO bill  
We need fair trade not “free trade.” Americans should not have to compete against workers in low-wage countries who earn pennies an hour.
I'll do everything I can to defeat this pathetic GMO labeling bill. It is not only misleading, it's toothless. The fight is not over.
The overwhelming majority of Americans agree: GMOs should be labeled. 
We have an economic model developed by the economic elite to benefit the economic elite. We need real change.
Another reason why this bill must be defeated. 
Decisions made regarding the future of Puerto Rico must be made by the people of Puerto Rico. America must not become a colonial master.
It would be a colossal tragedy if the next generation had a lower standard of living than their parents, but that is where we're headed.
Morally, should we allow Wall Street to make huge profits, while nutrition programs for Puerto Rican kids are cut?

The time has come to stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the people of Puerto Rico as American citizens.
Billionaires can't receive a 100% return on investments while Puerto Rican children go hungry. Puerto Rico can't be hijacked by Wall Street.
At a time when the people of Puerto Rico are suffering, PROMESA would make a terrible situation even worse.
It's not a radical idea to tell people what's in the food they're eating. 64 countries label GMOs. Why can't the US? 
Incredibly, the wealthiest 62 people on the planet now own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world's population -  billion people.
People have a right to know what’s in their food. Vermont has taken the lead on GMO labeling—now we need it everywhere.
This bill requires Puerto Ricans to pay for the undemocratic control board at an unbelievable sum of $370 million. That's absurd.
From a moral perspective, should we pass legislation that rewards billionaires, while allowing schools to be closed and pensions to be cut?
The Republicans' solution to the Puerto Rico debt crisis is colonialism at its worst.
Headed to the Senate floor now to speak about the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. Watch here: 
It’s 2016, and yet some lawmakers still want to regulate women’s bodies. I find this just incomprehensible. Incomprehensible.
NEWS: Sanders To Put Hold on GMO Labeling Legislation 
I will do everything I can to defeat this weak GMO labeling bill in the Senate, beginning by putting a hold on it.
Monsanto promised dairy farmers that GMO corn would reduce the amount of chemicals they used. Instead, it's doubled. 
Our grandchildren will ask us why we allowed fossil fuel companies to rake in record profits while climate change ravages our planet.
Glad the Court protected the voice of working people today. When unions are strong, the middle class is strong. 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control.
Glad to see the Court agrees women should have access to their full array of health care options. 
The skyrocketing cost of college today is not just a loss for many bright young people and their families; it is a loss to our country.
Let's face it: until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary Americans.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We must listen to the scientific community, not Fox News, and lead the world in reversing climate change. 
After all the progress we've made on women’s rights, we can't go back to the days when women didn't have the right to control their bodies.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Supreme Court Ruling on Abortion  
The value of the minimum wage is 25% lower than it was in 1968. It’s not a radical idea to try to keep up with costs of living.
The Supreme Court today reaffirmed that access to abortion is a woman’s constitutional right. It cannot be blocked by extreme Republicans.
We want an economy that is not based on uncontrollable greed, monopolistic practices and illegal behavior.
For too many Americans, the dream of progress and opportunity is denied by an economy that funnels virtually all of the wealth to the top.
When people stand together, when people are prepared to fight back, there is nothing that cannot be accomplished.
As a kid, I learned everyday in my house what lack of money means to a family. That's a lesson I have never forgotten and never will forget.
We want the best educated population on earth, not the most incarcerated population.
Too many people are serving unnecessarily long mandatory minimum sentences.
Millions of Americans have police records as a result of marijuana possession, which should be decriminalized.
We need universal voter registration, so that anyone 18 years of age or older who is eligible to vote is automatically registered.
If you are a male worker in the middle of the economy, you are making $700 less than you made 43 years ago. That's wrong.
We have one of the lowest voter turnout rates of any major country, yet Republican governors are working overtime to suppress the vote.
As Lincoln put it at Gettysburg, we want a government of the people, by the people and for the people.
Free tuition is not inconceivable. In fact, it used to be the case at great public universities and colleges all across the United States.
The wealthy and multinational corporations who are doing phenomenally well should do their part to help the middle class rebuild.
Are we comfortable as a nation to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever?
Our criminal justice system is broken. We have  million people rotting behind bars at an annual expense of $80 billion.
We need a tax on carbon, an end to fracking and massive investment in renewable energy. We want to leave this planet healthy and habitable.
I'm worried about global cooperation breaking down, but it's also a sign that people are being left out. 

I've got seven beautiful grandchildren and I will be damned if I leave them a world which is not habitable.
51 million people have no paid sick leave. Not only is this damaging to our economy, it’s completely unethical.
America is not about attacking the most vulnerable people in our country. We cannot allow that to happen.
I don't think many lawmakers know that wages have been stagnant for 35 years. They don't see what people are going through.
GMO labeling isn't controversial. It exists in dozens of countries. People have a right to know what is in the food they eat.
I am going to do everything I can to defeat this GMO labeling legislation, which preempts Vermont's law. 
Freedom of speech, in my view, does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
Instead of keeping more people in jail than any other country, we should move toward criminal justice reform at federal and local levels.
Our students are better prepared and our nation is stronger when we create a more diverse and inclusive environment. 
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight on the Late Show: Bernie Sanders! We made sure to charge up the t-shirt cannon overnight.  …
Senate Republicans must stop playing politics and confirm a ninth justice to the Supreme Court. 
Yet another sad reminder that to protect our environment, we must move aggressively away from fossil fuels. 
If you look at what Scott Walker has tried to do to unions in Wisconsin it is clear there is a war on the middle class in this country.
Change never comes easily, but In America, we've made progress that was once unimaginable and can do so again.
When folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation, and maybe the world.
Proud to stand with my colleagues to demand action.  
Change only happens when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. We stand with you @HouseDemocrats. 
Middle-income working women are making $1,500 less than they did in 2007. That is just plain wrong.
We can expand Social Security benefits and extend the life of the program for 58 years.  
When our military budget rivals every other nation's combined, we can afford judicious cuts to our military without compromising our safety.
It is not class warfare to say the extremely wealthy don't need another tax break after their incomes rose immensely in the last 30 years.
It is unacceptable that the average worker pays $760 in taxes each year to make up for corporations hiding profits offshore.
Black women make 60% of what a white man makes. For Hispanic women, it's 55%. That is nothing but sexism and discrimination.
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending as much money as they want on any political race in this country.
85% of Americans support keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists. Why don't Republicans?
California is showing we can have an affordable and sustainable energy system without the risks of nuclear power. 
Our job is not to allow politicians divide us up by where our family came from, the color of our skin, our religion or sexual orientation.
We must fight to make certain that women throughout the country have the right to control their own bodies.
It's not hard to understand: terrorists, potential terrorists, criminals and the dangerously mentally ill shouldn't have access to guns.
It is incomprehensible to me, and I believe to the vast majority of Americans, as to why Republicans would oppose commonsense gun safety.
Frankly, these Democratic gun safety amendments are no-brainers.  
Looking for a paid internship with Sen. Bernie Sanders this fall? Apply by Friday: 
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
If we are sincere about representing and assisting ordinary Americans, we must pass a single-payer, national health care program.
Infrastructure does not get better by itself. We can all agree that if you don't invest in repairs, it’s just not going to get better.
This great government of ours should be working for all of us, not just the few on top.
The trade union movement taught us influence over one’s working conditions is necessary for workers' influence in politics and economics.
Bankers on Wall Street may be fraudulent, but they're not dumb. They spend millions lobbying Congress because they know a good investment.
Members of the LGBTQ community must be guaranteed the same rights and protections as every other American citizen.
It’s about time join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right and not a privilege.
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth.
When government involves itself in making the world we inhabit livable and rebuilding our infrastructure, we create millions of good jobs.
The heart of any real campaign finance reform must be a limit on spending - an end to the money chase.
How can politicians talk about morality and family values, when we turn our backs on the millions of children and families in poverty?
It won’t be easy, but we must be prepared to stand together and take on the billionaire class and their greed.
The Declaration of Independence says that all men are created equal. That includes everyone in the LGBT community, no exceptions.
In my view, women should not be making 79 cents to the dollar - or less - than men in the United States in 2016.
No one's so naive as to think Wall Street spent $800 million on lobbying and campaign donations in 2014 because they like giving away money.
By not making college more affordable and accessible, we are saying to families that we do not want their kids to get a college education.
Instead of talking about punishment and vengeance, let us have the courage to talk about how we get to the root causes of crime.
In my view, the time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off of the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs.
With obesity, mental health issues and chronic diseases all on the rise, we must act on the need for accessible health care for all.
Low income families should not be forced to choose between heating and eating.
Reminding ordinary people that government can work for them and can speak with their voice is, I believe, the hope for America's future.
We need to come together to prevent hatred and create the kind of nation based on love that we all know we can become.
One hateful person committed the atrocity in Orlando, not an entire people or an entire religion. 
To Republicans I say step up, join the vast majority of Americans. Stop guns from falling into the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
We owe a debt of gratitude to @ChrisMurphyCT for demanding action to help prevent gun violence. Congress has been silent for too long.
The weapon used in Orlando was legally purchased after a background check. Assault weapons like it should be outright banned.
If there is any silver lining to the terrible tragedy in Orlando, it is for us to bring people together to prevent violence of all kinds.
Citizens United was the one of most disastrous Supreme Court decisions in history and it must be overturned.
What sense does it make for people to be able to purchase military-style weapons designed to kill people? 

I stand with @ChrisMurphyCT to demand common sense gun safety. We can't allow guns to fall into the hands of people who shouldn't have them.
The high level of student loan debt is causing irreparable harm to families across the United States, and the economy as a whole.
Our job is to take pride in our diversity to bring our people together and to not let hatred to divide us up.
We must not allow politicians to divide us by where our family came from, by the color of our skin, our religion or sexual orientation.
It doesn't make sense for someone to be able to walk into a store and purchase a military style weapon that has one purpose: to kill people.
Before we cut Social Security and Medicare, we might want to pass legislation to make the wealthy start paying their fair share in taxes.
The fight for justice is not a concept we hear a lot about in politics anymore. Justice - that is what we should be fighting for.
The kind of stresses and pressures that a lack of money puts on a family is something that I learned as a kid, and which has stuck with me.
Today's decision will help ensure we don't turn over our democracy to the highest bidder. 
To blame an entire religion for the acts of a single individual is bigotry, pure and simple. It is not what this country is about.
This is the greatest nation on earth. We are far too experienced and wise to get caught up in constant partisan conflict.
RT @ReneeWPTZ: @SenSanders speaks in  "One hateful person committed this crime-not an entire people or an entire religion." …
We are the custodians of this planet. We must take action to address climate change. There is nowhere else to go.
We have got to do everything that we can to make sure guns do not fall into the hands of people who should not have them.
People working full time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage everywhere.
It's imperative that progressives maintain a vision, a vision that seeks social justice and cries out for this nation's true potential.
Reminding ordinary people that government can work for them and can speak with their voice is, I believe, the hope for America's future.
It’s baffling that even with overwhelming scientific consensus, leaders of this country still deny the existence of climate change.
The question of our time is whether we will take on the enormous power of the billionaire class, or do we slide into political oligarchy.
Huge, profitable corporations regularly get massive government subsidies. We have socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor.
What seems radical today will seem mainstream tomorrow if we stand together.
Strong unions are the reason why America once led the world in wages in benefits. We must rebuild the trade union movement in this country.
We must invest in the young people today, because they are our nation’s future doctors, teachers, engineers, scientists and senators.
The best function for banks is to reinvest in America so that we can build affordable housing, factories and small businesses.
Instead of funding more jails and more incarceration, maybe - just maybe - we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids.
Let us demand that every man, woman, and child in this country have a decent opportunity and a decent standard of living.
Maybe we should have members of Congress wear NASCAR jackets which tell us who is sponsoring them.
Men and women have not put their lives on the line to defend our democracy for a handful of wealthy people to buy candidates and elections.
Millionaires and billionaires who control super PACs have more money and influence over campaigns than the candidates themselves.
If we want to get tough on crime, let us deal with the causes of crime instead of using taxpayer money to incarcerate millions of people.
To restore our one person, one vote democracy, we must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. 78% of Americans agree.
The solution to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis is not more austerity.  The solution is more economic development.
We should want more people voting, not less. If we believe that, then it's high time we established automatic voter registration nationally.
Frankly, much of our economic and trade policy is a disgrace, designed to benefit the wealthy few at the expense of the average worker.
The current political campaign finance system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery.
The most revolting part of the student loan crisis is that the federal government makes billions in profits off of student loans each year.
How can the United States stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people as a right?
Progress takes place when young people pick up the torch and say, "This is a world we are going to change." 
I think democracy should be about elected officials talking and communicating with people, regardless of their income.
Too many Americans in this country have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use.
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We must unite families not tear them apart. The deportation raids must end.
People spend millions on campaigns because they have an agenda. And the billionaire agenda is not the agenda of the American people.
My advice for climate change deniers in Congress: Worry less about you campaign contributions and more about your children.
It’s absurd that we have more people in jail than any other nation, including China, a Communist authoritarian country four times our size.
We live in the richest nation in the history of the world but we can’t even provide the most elementary human needs to millions of people.
When we improve energy efficiency, we also create a significant number of meaningful jobs and lead the world toward sustainability.
Vermonters looking for a free healthy meal: Text “mealsvt” to 877-877 or call 211 to find a summer meals location. 
18 million students will be food insecure this summer. In the richest nation in the history of the world, that is simply unacceptable.
Lincoln said, "Of the people, by the people, and for the people," not "Of the billionaires, by the billionaires, and for the billionaires."
With rampant violence and murder all over the world, America must say clearly that we won’t contribute. We must abolish the death penalty.
The overwhelming majority of the American people don't believe free speech has anything to do with billionaires being able to buy elections.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
Something is wrong in America when one family, the Walton family of Walmart, owns as much wealth as the bottom 42% of Americans combined.
In the US we have  million people in jail today, more than any other country. We need major changes in our criminal justice system.
We must stop letting multinational fossil fuels corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense. 
While the middle class is disappearing, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally and corporations are making at record-breaking profits.
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to our nation’s economic well-being.
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.
Tragically, in America today we have more people in jail than any other country in the world.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance of ending up in jail. That is unacceptable.
The  must join the nations that understand the benefits of having an educated workforce that isn’t burdened with enormous student debt.
The bottom line is the vast majority of climate scientists agree that our planet is warming and that human activities are the primary cause.
Members of Congress can no longer allow the drug companies to charge our people the highest rates in the world. We have to make a stand.
It's my firm belief that all students, regardless of background, should receive the education they need and the education they deserve.
Life would be a lot different for a poor person in Vermont if they had health care as a right, which is the case 50 miles north, in Canada.
If the Walton family can receive billions in taxpayer subsidies, maybe it's OK for working people to get health care and paid family leave.
The solution to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis is not more austerity. The solution is more economic development, more jobs, and less poverty.
The Democratic Party must stand on the side of working people and low-income people, not Wall Street and the pharmaceutical industry.
Privatizing the VA would be a huge mistake and a great disservice to the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us.
The  can lead the world in reversing climate change by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward clean energy.
Despite Americans being some of the most productive workers in the world, wages haven't kept up with inflation since 1968. This must change.
What poverty in America is tragically about is that we have millions of people who are dying at ages much, much younger than they should.
If it's radical to think that the United States shouldn't have more people in jail than any other country, then yes, count me as a radical.
RT @350action: Thanks to climate organizing, the era of oil is beginning to close.  
Mexico isn't going to pay for Donald Trump's wall, and Puerto Rico will not pay for this outrageous and undemocratic control board.
To ask Puerto Ricans to pay $370 million to create an unelected control board stacked with right-wing Republicans is beyond insulting.
NEWS: Sanders Responds to Report Finding Puerto Rico Would Be Forced to Fund Control Board  
Nearly every nation offers paid maternity leave so a mother can be with her baby. We are practically the only nation that doesn't do that.
The drug industry's greed is killing Americans. It must come to an end.
Pleased to see Vermont stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and pass drug price transparency legislation led by @RepCP.
RT @MVULearning: Tori Jarvis is recognized by Senator Sanders office for her outstanding essay on xenophobia  …
Today, 40 million Americans are drowning in more than $ trillion in student loan debt. We must make public colleges tuition free.
The threat of climate change is a pivotal moment in history that we must address by transitioning  aggressively to a clean energy system.
We need new trade policies to prevent corporations from throwing American workers out on the street and running to China for cheap labor.
Today,  million children in our country live in poverty. This is the future of America. We must address this issue.
RT @ReutersPolitics: Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners 
When it comes to addressing climate change, the most expensive option is to do nothing at all.
Hurricane Damage Costs Will Skyrocket Due to Climate Change, New Report Finds  
RT @ElNuevoDia: .@BernieSanders propondrá $10,800 millones para infraestructura en Puerto Rico -  …
NEW: Sanders bill to address Puerto Rican humanitarian crisis.  
Directors at the Federal Reserve should not be hand-picked by bankers from the same banks that the Fed is in charge of regulating.
If we do not address the planetary crisis of climate change, we will be judged by future generations and by history in a very negative way.
Understanding the magnitude of the climate crisis also means realizing that good environmental policy is also good economic policy.
A transaction fee on Wall Street would not only raise billions in new revenue, it would curb harmful speculation.
In my view, democratic socialism means that a few ultra-wealthy people should not have total control of our politics and economics.
It's not right that despite an increase in worker productivity for decades, the average worker is working longer hours for lower wages.
I think there is a lot to be learned from Scandinavia where health care and college education are provided to all, regardless of income.
If we are serious about combatting climate change, we need to put an end to fracking all over this country.
What we have got to do is to redefine who we can be as a nation. What rights we are entitled to as humans. That's the struggle.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. Everyone in America should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
Here's a radical idea: No full-time worker should live in poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
I think the issue of income and wealth inequality is in fact a moral issue. It is an issue that we must confront here and across the world.
Fewer people voting and and the wealthy contributing huge amounts of money-- this is the kind of “democracy” the ruling class likes.
When workers don't have to worry about how they are going to pay rent, they become better workers. Raising the minimum wage is common sense.
No parent should have to send their sick child to school because they can't take a day from work. We need paid family leave in America.
The fact is there's been class warfare for the last thirty years, but it's been the ruling class taking on the middle class and poor.
We must go beyond fine speeches if we're serious about protecting the needs of veterans. They've protected us. Now we must protect them.
We must reaffirm our commitment to our veterans and the families of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. 
It's easy to give speeches about how tough we are, but let us not forget the cost of war on the men and women who serve in our military.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply. It's resulted in more earthquakes. It’s highly explosive. And it’s contributing to climate change.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug.
Taxpayers should never again be on the hook for the mismanagement by Wall Street executives. It's time to break up the big banks.
A land where millionaires have never had it so good, while millions struggle just to survive, is not what America is supposed to be about.
The American people understand our national debt was caused when President Bush took us into two wars and forgot to pay for them.
It would be a colossal tragedy for the next generation to have a lower standard of living than their parents, but that's where we're headed.
The global economy has simply failed when so many have so little and so few have so much.
It makes no sense for a 19-year-old kid to be denied a job because they were arrested for smoking marijuana.
Before Social Security was enacted, about half of America's seniors lived in poverty. We must preserve and expand Social Security benefits.
We need to reaffirm our support for quality public education and the right of all children to receive the best education possible.
The attacks against transgender people are part of a bigotry which has got to end.
The class of 2016 has an average debt of $37,172, the highest level of debt yet! In my view, we must make public colleges tuition free.
Social Security has been the most successful anti-poverty program in American history. That's why we must expand benefits, not cut them.
It makes no sense to degrade our environment in the interest of quick profits only to later spend billions to remedy the mess we've made.
If we want a vibrant democracy, where candidates have an even playing field, we need to move toward public funding of elections.
We must work toward trade agreements that work for our working people and not just for the CEOs of the largest corporations in this country.
While the top 20 pharma and health care CEOs raked in $ million last year, 1 in 5 Americans can’t afford to fill their prescriptions.
The federal government should be investing in its young people, not profiteering off of student loans with rising interest rates.
Balancing the budget on the backs of the elderly, the sick and the poor must be opposed. It is not only immoral but bad economics.
We must move to Medicare-for-all health care because is an injustice for millions of people to be one illness away from financial disaster.
Congress must hold corporations accountable, not give them cover to lie to the American people. 
RT @climatebrad: This is what real Democratic leadership looks like. 
NEWS: Sanders, Whitehouse, Warren, Merkley Slam GOP Attempt to Block Fossil Fuel Fraud Investigation 
Why would Republicans try to stop climate denial investigations? Easy. They're funded by the fossil fuel industry. 
A broken campaign finance system means the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few threatens both our economic and political freedom.
It is beyond my comprehension that thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college only because their family lacks the funding.
We need legislation that improves regulation of toxic chemicals but doesn't block a state's ability to ensure people's health and safety.
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as the USA does, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
Nearly 33% of Americans who aren’t retired have no retirement savings or pension at all. We must fight to expand not cut Social Security.
Our message to young people must be clear: You will not be punished for growing up poor. If you work hard, you will get to go to college.
Our government should have the same authority as almost every other major country to negotiate drug prices and put an end to price gouging.
It's an indictment of our broken health care system that low-income Americans say their biggest fear is getting sick or being in an accident
The right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: This is not a war we are going to allow them to win.
Conversion therapy only perpetuates discrimination against the LGBT community. Proud Vermont banned this dangerous and discredited practice.
Two-thirds of Americans want to eliminate the offshore tax haven loophole. Why hasn't Congress done so? A broken campaign finance system.
The function of banking should be providing affordable loans to small business and hardworking Americans, not gambling on Wall Street.
The fact of the matter is trade agreements pushed by corporate America are very good for CEOs, but disastrous for American workers.
In my view, the lack of affordable higher education in the United States is counter-productive to our efforts to create a strong economy.
55% of Americans agree we need to break up the big banks. The American people realize too-big-to-fail banks threaten our economic freedom.
56% of children in Puerto Rico live in poverty. Wall Street cannot be allowed to squeeze people who are suffering.

We can feed a senior for an entire year for the cost of one day in the hospital. Let’s expand and support the Older Americans Act. 
It's unacceptable that, every day, millions of seniors have to juggle their limited budgets to buy food, medicine or pay rent. 
The average worker pays $760 in extra taxes each year to close the revenue gap left by the 50 largest corporations hiding profits offshore.
62% of Americans want to eliminate special tax breaks for fossil fuel companies. We've had enough of big oil getting rich on our dime.
The epidemic of price gouging in the drug industry is an obscenity. The rising cost of prescriptions has become its own health hazard.
It is not utopian thinking to say that every American should have health insurance as a right. It's reality in many countries already.
Standing with striking workers on picket lines is something that I have been doing for my entire life. That is what I do and what I believe.
In Germany, college tuition is free. In America, it's increasingly unaffordable. Which country do you think has a competitive advantage?
If a police officer breaks the law, like any public official, that officer must be held accountable.
By expanding employee ownership we can create stronger companies, stem job loss, and improve working conditions.
I just don't think human life is about making billions and billions of dollars and ignoring the reality around me.

We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the American citizens of Puerto Rico with the dignity that they deserve.
The restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt must be in the best interest of its  million  citizens, not Wall Street vulture capitalists.
Sanders to Senate Democrats: Do We Stand With Puerto Rico or Wall Street and the Tea Party?  
We must bring about pay equity. It's unconscionable for women to earn 79 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work.
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win.
We are facing a two-pronged attack on our democracy: unlimited money in the political process, paired with the systematic voter suppression.
It is an embarrassment that Republicans, in order to preserve their majority, have refused to fix our broken voting system.
It's a disgrace that so many young Americans do not go to college, not because they are unqualified, but because they can't afford it.
We need an immigration policy that brings families together, not one that tears them apart.
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality we have in the United States is a grave danger to our economy and our political system.
We have got to end this immoral imbalance of wealth and income distribution where so few have so much and so many have so little.
Our veterans have put their lives on the line. That is why we must do everything possible to ensure they receive the benefits they deserve.
The most serious crisis facing this country today is the lack of decent-paying jobs, particularly for young Americans.
We must act with a fierce sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class. We can start by raising the minimum wage to $15/hour.
72% of Americans support paid family leave. It's time for Republicans to start supporting real family values.
Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
We must overturn Citizens United to state clearly: No person and certainly no corporation has the "First Amendment right" to buy elections.
RT @RaiseUpfor15: McDs is more profitable than ever and we are barely scraping by in poverty! See you next week McDonalds  https…
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Toxic Substances Control Act  
We will not return to the days of back-room abortions. The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, not the government.
The truth is, we've already seen a massive redistribution of wealth in America. But it's gone from the middle class to the wealthiest few.
Proud Vermont is leading on clean energy. To fight climate change, we must move aggressively to renewable energy. 
RT @hiltzikm: Why is Congress trying to weaken the FDA's oversight of dangerous drugs? The answer is money: 
We cannot afford to wait to address this public health crisis. We must quickly fund efforts to stop Zika's spread. 
History will record that the Citizens United decision is one of the worst in the history of our country.
No democracy, and certainly not our democracy, should be about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections.
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
No mother should be forced back to work days after giving birth. If every other major country can have paid maternity leave, so can we.
We need austerity for hedge fund managers who've exacerbated the Puerto Rico financial crisis. We don’t need more austerity for children.
The legislation to establish an unelected control board in Puerto Rico is a move in exactly the wrong direction and is unacceptable.
NEWS: Sanders Statement in Opposition to Legislation to Establish A Control Board in Puerto Rico  
No matter what school you go to or where you live, transgender students must be protected from discrimination. It's about basic equality.
One can't make the changes that this country needs, frankly, unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street and much of corporate America.
25% of Americans 60+ have lost all of their teeth. Everyone should have access to quality and affordable oral healthcare. 
Billionaires supporting billionaires is not democracy. It’s oligarchy.
Nearly 10 percent of our nation's 600,000 bridges have been designated as structurally deficient. It's time to rebuild our infrastructure!
The   can be a leader in reversing climate change by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels to clean energies.
In 2016, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. We must raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15/hour.
12 consecutive months of record warmth for our planet. When will Republicans accept the reality of climate change? 
While we can never truly repay the debt we owe to our veterans, we have a moral obligation to provide the benefits they deserve.
We must not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria often with just the clothes on their backs. 
It's absurd that the average CEO makes 335 times more than the average worker. This grotesque pay gap has got to end.
We are in this together. The truth is, on some level, when you hurt, when your children hurt, I hurt. And when my kids hurt, you hurt.
This long overdue change in overtime rules is a step in the right direction and good news for millions of workers. 
Extending overtime pay will help millions of families. It’s time hard working Americans got the pay they deserve. 
There is no justice when a small few have enough wealth to support their families for millennia while so many struggle to survive each day.
It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is everyone has an impact on everyone else.
American workers are some of the most overworked yet our standard of living has fallen. For many, the American dream has become a nightmare.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Emergency Funding to Combat Zika Virus 
Too many people have struggled and died to maintain our democratic vision. We owe it to them and to our children to maintain it.
People should not be dying in the United States of America because they couldn't afford a check-up or a prescription.
If the Federal Reserve could bail out Wall Street, it can help the  million Americans in Puerto Rico.
It's a tragedy that unemployment for black graduates is higher today than it was for whites after the recession. 
Change comes, even in the face of overwhelming odds. And recognition of the changes we have already made inspires us to fight even harder.
After raising prices over 200% Valeant shouldn't be praised for 10-40% rebates on lifesaving heart drugs. Drug companies' greed must end.
I'm not sure people who have money understand what poverty is like, including the toll fighting for survival takes on your mind and health.
If you look at the history of American involvement in regime change, you see that there are often unintended and dangerous consequences.
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule. It is the rule.
We live in a country today that has a rigged economy and a corrupt campaign finance system. We must strive to make fundamental changes.
When folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation and maybe the world.
When one-third of seniors in America depend on Social Security for almost all of their income, we must expand benefits, not cut them.
As a nation built by hardworking immigrants, we need to enact immigration policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
In striving to be a moral society, it is imperative we have the courage to stand with the poor and, when necessary, take on very powerful.
More tax breaks for the very large corporations is just one symptom of a political system that is grotesquely failing the average American.
Change never takes place from the top down, it comes from the bottom up. Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo
It's obscene for big bank executives who have so much to spend millions lobbying against raising the minimum wage. 
We must have the guts to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their short-term profits are not more important than the planet.
Change happens in this country when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. I believe we are in such a moment right now.
No one should feel deterred from attending college due to cost. That's why we must make public colleges and universities tuition free.
Infrastructure investment would not only make our country more productive and efficient, it would also create millions of new jobs.
The physiology of living paycheck to paycheck, the stress of not knowing how if you can afford food or pay rent, wreaks havoc on your body.
Horribly, someone born in Baltimore's poorest neighborhood can expect to live 20 years less than a person born in the wealthiest area.
The right to go to a public college or university tuition free is not a radical idea. In fact, it used to exist in the United States.
There's no such thing as safe offshore drilling. To protect our coastal communities we must . 
It's absurd that in the last 2 years, the wealth of 15 Americans increased by more than what is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans.
It's high time for Republicans to start listening to the scientific community that is telling us loud and clear that climate change is real.
When the number of seniors is skyrocketing, we must increase funding to enable everyone to retire with dignity. 
It's absurd that as the wealthiest country in the history of the world, more than half of our older workers have no retirement savings.
Just one pill of a lifesaving cancer drug costs $750! Access to health care is a human right. That must include affordable medication.
 to when Bernie advocated for DC  1993.

I agree @POTUS. That's why I introduced legislation to make Election Day a national holiday:  
We are not going to allow the extreme right-wing to viciously attack and defund Planned Parenthood. We are going to expand it.
RT @ReutersBiz: .@SenSanders and @SenWarren are among lawmakers asking Yellen to diversify the Fed:  …
The cost of war is a battle that will continue until the very last veteran receives all of the care and all of the benefits they deserve.
We could fully fund tuition-free public colleges if corporations paid in taxes today what they paid under "radical socialist" Ronald Reagan.
Curbing methane leaks is a good step, but if we're serious about combatting climate change we must ban all fracking. 
This is what inequality looks like: One family owns more wealth than 43% of Americans. 
Let’s be honest. We're rapidly moving toward a political system in which a handful of very wealthy people determine who gets elected.
A nation cannot survive politically or economically when so few have so much and so many have so little as they do in America today.
Republicans gave the wealthiest portion of the population tax breaks and now say we don't have enough money to protect the sick and the old.
People are right to be angry: they understand they did not cause the recession, but they had to pay for it while Wall Street grew richer.
Democratic socialism is the belief that economic growth needs to benefit all of our people, not just the few on top.
Shamefully, the same people who advocate for new wars are often the ones who vote against making benefits more accessible for our veterans.
We lose over $100 billion a year in revenue because large corporations stash their cash in offshore tax havens. That is unacceptable.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. All Americans should have access to the health care services they need, regardless of their income.
A corrupt finance system has made income inequality not only a threat to our economic security, but a threat to our democratic values.
Proud of the activists who helped get Big Oil out of the Arctic. Now it's time to ban all offshore drilling. 
The truth of the matter is, if the big banks collapsed again tomorrow, the American people would once again be on the hook to bail them out.
Unless we reform campaign finance, the  Congress will become paid employees of the billionaires who sponsor their campaigns.
It is a disgrace that the top 25 hedge managers made more than all the nation's kindergarten teachers combined. 
The struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is a struggle that must be fought by every generation.
When the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.
Increasingly the Congress is not responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans. They are responsive to the big-money campaign contributors.
We have an absurd approach to campaign finance which allows the very wealthy and major corporations to buy and sell politicians.
RT @bfp_news: Vermont receives $3 million for housing rehab 
While our children are hungry and homeless, the wealthiest people in this country have grown far richer while their taxes have been lowered.
We must end capital punishment. I'd rather we stand with European democracies than countries like China that maintain the death penalty.
If we want Social Security to be fully solvent for future generations, we must lift the cap on taxable income above $250,000.
We must not accept young people leaving college and graduate school with a very heavy debt burden which many of them will carry for decades.
Investing in our public transportation would boldly cut our greenhouse gas emissions and save thousands of dollars for commuters each year.
We must ensure communities that have been dependent on fossil fuels receive the training they need for the clean energy jobs of the future.
Men and women in our country made enormous sacrifices to protect “one person, one vote.” We must safeguard their vision.
The Republican approach to deficit reduction is the Robin Hood philosophy in reverse: they want to take from the poor to give to the rich.
It is time to lift the federal ban on marijuana. No one sincerely believes that marijuana deserves to be classified beside heroin.
For centuries, our nation slowly but steadily moved towards a more inclusive democracy. Money in politics threatens to reverse that trend.
The American people are not dumb. They know if someone is spending millions of dollars on a campaign, that person wants something in return.
The very idea of a minimum wage was once considered radical not all that long ago, yet now it is widely considered a bedrock of our nation.
Enough is enough. We need an economy that does not allow the top 1 percent to earn 58 percent of all of the new income in America today.
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years, Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth.
You do not have to have a PhD in economics to understand that our unfettered free trade policies have failed.
By transitioning away from fossil fuels toward clean energies such as wind and solar, we can create millions of good-paying jobs in the 
Fossil fuel companies got enormously wealthy off of destroying our planet. They don’t need the $20 billion a year we give them in subsides.
We have a moral responsibility to help working families in the fossil fuel industry find new jobs as we shift toward a clean energy economy.
15 million children in America today are living in families that struggle to put enough food on the table. This is an issue we must address.
The ruling class knows if we fight for decent wages, for education, for the right to Social Security, we win. If they divide us, they win.
FDR was absolutely right when he said that the test of our progress is how we take care for the poor and our most vulnerable people.
Wealth should serve the people. Growth for the sake of growth isn't worth much if all of it goes to the few who already have much.
When we, the richest nation, have neighborhoods with higher infant mortality than the West Bank, it isn't merely a tragedy but an injustice.
Residents of Baltimore’s poorest boroughs have lifespans shorter than people living under dictatorship in North Korea. That is a disgrace.
130,000 people die every year as a result of poverty. This is an issue that we cannot sweep under the rug and hope it goes away.
In McDowell County, West Virginia, the life expectancy for men is just 64 years. Just 6 hours away it's 82 years. 
It's unacceptable that nearly 47 million Americans and 21% of kids are currently living below the poverty line.
To confront the crises facing this country, we must tap the intellectual capacities of every person without making tuition an obstacle.
American exceptionalism should not be about being the only country besides Papua New Guinea that does not provide paid maternity leave.
On the TPP, we must take the side of unions and environmental groups who oppose it, not multinational corporations trying to outsource jobs.
The fact that billionaires' views are wildly out of step with most Americans goes a long way in explaining why the same is true of Congress.
Democrats will find success by making it clear they stand with the American people and are prepared to take on powerful special interests.
Considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.
As a nation that prides itself on its dedication to family values, guaranteed paid family and medical leave should be our top priority.
It's outrageous that the 14 wealthiest individuals in the country saw their net worth increase by over $157 billion dollars in just 2 years.
Student debt has reached crisis proportions in this country with over 43 million Americans burdened with student debt. This has got to end.
No one is so naive as to think Wall Street spent $800 million on lobbying and campaign donations in 2014 because they like giving away money
RT @VTEducation: Phil Fiermonte, state director for @SenSanders, thanks his North Country  teachers   …
The price of name-brand drugs has doubled in the last five years. We must put a stop to opportunistic price hikes by drug companies.
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal-justice system.
To ensure anyone who wants to run for office has the opportunity, our ultimate goal must be to move to publicly funded elections.
We need to increase the wages of at least 53 million Americans by raising the minimum wage from a starvation wage to $15 an hour.
The truth is we've got a corrupt campaign finance system undermining American democracy.
If corporate America wants us to buy their products, they have got to start making those products in America, not just in Mexico or China.
If we stand together, men and women, gay and straight, black, white, Latino and Asian, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
This is what real family values is about. No new parent should be forced back to work because of a lack of money. 
At a time when women workers earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.
America is not supposed to be about 20 people owning more wealth than the bottom 120 million Americans - half of our population.
You don't need an economics  to predict the effect of trade deals that put American workers in competition with workers making $5 a day.
It's my firm belief that quality education in America, from child care to higher education, must be affordable for all.
I don't think most people realize how often lobbyists write the bills affecting their industry. Truly, foxes guard the henhouse in Congress.
I say to the Walton family of Walmart: Get off welfare, pay your workers a living wage.
The billionaire class is very religious. Their religion is greed. It's not enough to own the economy, they want to own the government too.
When you hear some politician telling the world how tough he is, understand that it is not going to be his kids going off into that war.
Congress knew what free trade deals were about when they passed them. They knew because it was corporate lobbyists who wrote them.
We can substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the United States and combat climate change by implementing a carbon tax.
This is a rigged economy: The average household would make $156,000 a year if regular incomes grew at the same rate as the top 1 percent's.
We're headed for a day when members of Congress have NASCAR-style patches on their clothing saying: “Sponsored by the Koch Brothers.”
Help prevent prescription drug abuse. Turn in your unused or expired medication today. Find a collection site: 
Wealth and income inequality is the greatest economic, political and moral issue of our time both in America and across the global.
All over this country there are communities struggling with clean water. In America, in the year 2016 that is unacceptable and must change.
I don't care whether you're conservative or progressive, no candidate should have to beg billionaires for contributions.
It's time for the United States to catch up with the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee paid family and medical leave.
It's disgraceful for billionaires with lower tax rates than their secretaries to say deficit reduction must start with Social Security cuts.
I’ve been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: Yes, health care is a right of all people.
I want to see America have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world not one of the lowest. We need automatic voter registration.
It's cruel for the GOP to blame the poor for a deficit they themselves caused by forgetting to pay for 2 wars and giving the 1% tax breaks.
Income should not determine whether you can go to college or see a doctor, or whether your elected representatives listen to your concerns.
It's not a radical idea for the United States to provide health care as a right, and 48 percent of millennials agree.
Bankers on Wall Street may be fraudulent but they're not dumb. They spend millions lobbying Congress because they know a good investment.
I’m proud that Vermont is once again leading the nation by making it easier for people to participate in the political process.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Vermont’s New Automatic Voter Registration Law  
In a thousand different ways, we are taught to think small. We are taught to think we can’t change the status quo. That does not have to be.
RT @MorningConsult: Bernie Sanders: still the most popular senator in America  
We must overturn Citizens United so that elections are truly decided by one-person, one-vote, and not by a small number of wealthy families.
There is something immoral and unsustainable about our economic system when the top 1 percent owns more wealth than the bottom 99 percent.
Why is it that in the wealthiest country in the world, people are working two to three jobs just to get by? The answer is corporate greed.
We must no longer tolerate an economy and a political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans.
Now that a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago we must ensure higher education is affordable for all.
It's saddening to see 59% of millennials agree that women still face barriers to advancement. We must put an end to gender discrimination.
We must never forget that the United States government belongs to all of us and not just the 1 percent.
Polls clearly show that progressives and conservatives are united in the belief that it is necessary to reform our campaign finance system.
Something is fundamentally wrong with our global economy when the wealthiest 60 people own as much wealth as  billion people.
My parents never had much money but were able to send their kids to college. That dream is no longer a reality for many folks in America.
Many politicians' job day after day is calling wealthy folks to ask for donations. Inevitably their worldview is shaped by those people.
We must create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests. 
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they are unable to retire with dignity.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system in America which isn't only grossly unfair, but in many respects, corrupt.
Americans deserve affordable cable and internet access. This merger will lead to fewer options and higher prices. 
People who get sick shouldn't have to worry about cost. They should not end up in an emergency room because they couldn't afford a check-up.
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers who make millions pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers. Period.
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. It's simple. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
There’s always money for war and for tax breaks for billionaires. But somehow there’s never enough money to rebuild the inner cities.
The truth is, we have a rigged economy. It is unsustainable. It is not moral. And it's not the economy we need to be a great nation.
Unless Congress stands up for the middle class that's getting stepped on by the billionaire class, soon there won't be a middle class left.
It is not a radical idea for every man, woman and child in the United States to have a decent standard of living.
The rising cost of college sends the terrible message to young people that your family's wealth should determine your success.
Any politician who passes laws to suppress the vote is a political coward and needs to get another job.
The time is long overdue for tax reform which says to the wealthy and large corporations that they have to begin paying their fair share.
Real change does not take place by sitting down with Mitch McConnell. Real change has always taken place when millions of people demand it.
We can combat voter suppression and increase turnout by ensuring that anyone who is of voting age is automatically registered to vote.
Freedom of speech, in my view, does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
You want to know something that is radical: You are living in the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care as a right.
Climate change is a global crisis. We've got to move in a bold way to transform our energy system. We have to do it yesterday.
My platform isn't radical. Radical is that based on a series of lies we invaded Iraq and hundreds of thousands of people died.
We have the moral obligation to leave a habitable planet for our kids and our grandchildren. We must put an end to our use of fossil fuels.
Change never comes easily, but in America we've made progress that was once unimaginable -- and we can do so again.
What message are we sending kids from poor and middle-class families by saddling them with insurmountable debt for getting an education?
Despite living in the most technologically advanced economy in human history, Americans are still worker longer hours for lower wages.
It's insane that while McDonald's has opposed an $15 an hour minimum wage for its employees, its CEO received a 368% raise last year.
If we're serious about reducing income inequality and rebuilding the middle class, we must increase the number of union jobs in this country
We need to make certain every kid in this country, regardless of income, can go to college and leave school without crushing financial debt.
It makes no sense to me that CEOs can see their salaries increase by 1000% over 36 years while workers make starvation wages of $
Big, powerful donors are so invested in the status quo that we aren't going to change America unless millions of us fight for that change.
We must recognize that allowing all qualified students to achieve a higher education is an investment in our nation's economic prosperity.
Change always happens when millions of people demand it. When the American people stand up and fight, they win.

I didn't hear folks in Congress calling wealth redistribution "radical" as $1 trillion got transferred from the middle class to the top 1%.
Why is it that only we can't have universal health care? If Germany, if Scandinavia, if every major country does it, then we can do it.
When labeling genetically modified food is required in 64 countries around the world, why is it not required in the United States?
It's insane people work two or three jobs just to cobble together enough income and some health care benefits to survive. This must end.
Forcing parents of a newborn baby to go back to work days after their kid is born is not a family value. We must guarantee paid family leave
It's grossly unfair that interest rates on student loans are two to three times higher than on auto loans.
When we reform campaign finance, we create a more efficient Congress whose members will no longer need to spend half their time fundraising.
The US has got to join every other major industrialized country and guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.
Campaign finance isn't an arcane debate. It has real effects on each working person whose interests are disregarded for big donors.
In a democracy, spending millions of dollars on lobbyists should not be the most profitable investment that a corporation can make.
I’m pleased the president signed an extension of the Older Americans Act into law today. In this rich nation, no senior should go hungry.
It's ludicrous that Morgan Stanley paid nothing in federal income taxes last year, but received $604 million refund from the IRS.
It is high time we understood that we have to invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.
It is absolutely vital that we act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels. . 
Our vision for democracy should be one in which politicians are improving the lives of every day Americans, not just wealthy billionaires.
The  rise in drug spending last year was due in large part to price hikes on existing medication. Big drug companies are ripping us off
Rather than an economy aimed at the common good, deregulation and Reaganomics have left us with an economy operated by and for the top 1%.
Just 50 people give 41% of super PAC donations. Citizens United has given a few ultra-wealthy people unprecedented power over our democracy.
Transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels will not only protect the environment but create good-paying jobs.
When your kid gets sick, you should know that you can take them to the doctor. Do you know what kind of load that is off parents' shoulders?
As a nation built by immigrants, we must strive for humane immigration policies that unify families, not tear them apart. 
The reality is that for 40 years there’s been an enormous transfer of wealth from the middle class and poor to the rich.
The  can create the necessary revenue needed to create millions of jobs to rebuild our infrastructure by closing corporate tax loopholes
Maybe before we demand cuts to Social Security, we should end the blatant outrage of offshore tax havens that cost us $100 billion per year.
We can create million of jobs and fight climate change by transforming our energy system away from oil, coal and gas to renewable energy.
How do we make the American dream a reality again? We can start by making college tuition free so every American can get an education.
Corporations should not be able to buy their own tax rate with lobbyists. In a democratic society, everyone must pay their fair share.
There is something massively wrong when the 62 richest folks in the world own more wealth than the bottom  billion.
The middle class in America is angry because for decades their wages have stagnated while the rich got richer.  That must change.
Every working person in the United States should have a chance at a decent life through guaranteed paid medical, family and sick leave.
It's appalling that nearly half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings and no idea how they will be able to retire with dignity.
The biggest banks spent over $20 million on lobbying every year. It would be naive to suggest they aren't expecting anything in return.
All the time, I see billionaires pushing policies that make themselves richer and others poorer. That’s not what human life should be about.
The challenges facing our planet are not mainly technological or even financial. Our challenge is mostly a moral one.
Why did the 50 largest companies spend $ billion lobbying elected officials? To get $337 billion in tax breaks. 
It's a disgrace that the tax dodging of multinational corporations costs the  approximately $111 billion each year. This must end.
What the pope is saying and I'm saying is that our lives should be about more than just the accumulation of wealth.

It's a national disgrace that 70 percent of undergraduates leave college with heavy debts that will burden them for decades.
RT @TheWorldPost: Bernie Sanders joins world leaders, celebrities in call for overhaul of global drug policy  https:…
62% of Americans have less than $1,000 in their savings accounts and unlike big banks they don't get to go to Congress for a bailout check.
It's alarming that just 62 individuals have the same wealth as  billion people. That's nearly half of humanity.
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders: I annotated a speech by Pope Francis  
If corporations can be American when they need a bailout from the American people, then they can pay their fair share of  taxes too.
It is outrageous that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
RT @OxfamAmerica: Top 50 US companies stash $ TRILLION in . Here's what it costs poor countries →  http…
No full-time worker deserves to live in poverty. We have got to raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
It's outrageous that one-fifth of large corporations in America paid nothing in taxes between 2008 to 2014. They must pay their fair share.
Women in America want the whole damn dollar. And they're right. Equal pay is an issue of basic equality not a radical idea.
It’s time to tell Wall Street that if they do not end their greed, we will end it for them.
The millionaire class and billionaire class increasingly own the political process, and they own the politicians that go to them for money.
My "radical" $5 billion youth jobs plan costs 1/120th the amount of potential tax revenue we let corporations hide overseas.
RT @DrugPolicyOrg: BIG thanks @SenWarren @CoryBooker @SenSanders for joining 1,000+ others urging UN to end the drug war. …
RT @CNNJustin: Who said it: 
Bernie Sanders or the Pope?  
When you organize at the grassroots level, whether it's gay rights or raising the minimum wage, that's when change takes place.
I know that people aren't comfortable when I say this, but I worry very, very much about the future of democracy in our country.
It's not a radical idea to ask large, wealthy corporations who are doing phenomenally well to start paying their fair share of taxes.
Big bank lobbyists are so powerful they've literally written some of our bank regulation laws. Institutions that powerful must be broken up.
The US must not accept the fact that CEOs are making nearly 300 times what the typical worker makes. We must put an end to corporate greed.
If Verizon can afford to pay their CEO $20 million, it can afford to give its employees fair wages and health benefits. 
The question of our time is whether we are prepared to take on the  billionaire class or do we slide into economic and political oligarchy.
Large corporations cannot continue to get more tax breaks when children in America go hungry. They must pay their fair share.
When this country has a $19 trillion national debt it's absurd that major profitable corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes.
NEWS: Many Profitable Corporations Pay Zero Federal Income Taxes, GAO Finds  
We must work together to ensure that everyone in the  has the possibility to fulfill their dreams without gender discrimination.
To keep billionaires from turning our democracy into an oligarchy, we must focus on campaign finance reform and public funding of elections.
It's unconscionable that women earn 79 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work.  
Climate change is real, not a hoax, and it is a planetary crisis that we have the knowledge and technology to address. End of story.
Like any other public official, if a police officer breaks the law they must be held accountable.
Black women make 60% of what a white man makes. For Hispanic women, it's 55%. That is nothing but sexism and discrimination. 
Pay equity is not a partisan issue. It's an issue of basic fairness. In America, there should be equal pay for equal work. 
It's absurd that on average women make $10,000 less per year compared to men for the same job. Equal pay is not a radical idea. 
5 years ago, $15 an hour was too radical. But when people see the justice of an idea, it catches fire very quickly.

A bank that's too big to fail is also big enough to buy elections. Big banks endanger both our economic security and our democratic values.
We're spending $80 billion a year locking up people. Nobody thinks that that makes sense.
The offshore tax haven network isn’t something that we need to reform or refine. It’s a form of legalized tax fraud that must end.
Bottom line is no single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure would send the world economy into crisis.
It is too late for establishment politics. The problems facing this country are so serious that the same-old, same-old ain't going to do it.
If college could be tuition free 50 years ago, I don't know why the hell we can't do it today.
If the United States is serious about moving toward energy independence in a cost-effective way then we should invest in solar energy.
We must not take Social Security for granted especially since the program provides dignity and security to millions of Americans every day.
I believe the function of banking should not be about making as much profits as possible but rather ensuring affordable loans for Americans.
It's not a radical idea to price fossil fuels and their effects on our communities in the form of a carbon tax.
Congress must ensure that the greed and recklessness of Wall Street can never destroy the livelihood of everyday Americans ever again.
Dr. King told us: You judge people on their character, not on the color of their skin. And I'd add not on their gender or sexual orientation
Let us never forget that the reckless behavior on Wall Street plunged the US into the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.
Congress must catch up with the scientific community and the rest of the country by acknowledging the severity of the climate change crisis.
It’s outrageous that as the rich become much richer, the level of income and wealth inequality has reached obscene and unimaginable levels.
No one in America in should ever have to choose between their medicine and their food, and yet millions have to make that choice every day.
Creating smaller banks will lead to more competition within the financial services industry and better interest rates for American consumers
We cannot continually allow the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet with impunity while reaping enormous profits. This must end.
Let me be as blunt as I can: The American political system has been totally corrupted by big money.
My entire political career has been dedicated to the conviction that all Americans are entitled to live lives of decency and dignity.
I applaud California and New York for listening to voters and raising the minimum wage. Now let’s bring the fight for $15 to all 50 states.
My memo to GE's CEO: Being a  company means investing in America, not taking our bailout while outsourcing jobs.

It's not a radical idea for the United States to have a banking system that is part of the productive economy that creates good paying jobs.
Today, the wealthiest Americans contribute less to Social Security than at any other time in recent history. They must pay their fair share.
The financial crisis on Wall Street demonstrated that we have a government that is of the 1 percent, by the 1 percent and for the 1 percent.
Our trade policies should not be enabling businesses to move to low-wage nations and then sell their products to folks they just laid off.
The onus is on Congress to follow the states and raise the federal minimum wage, the real value of which has fallen by 30% since 1968.
A nation is judged by how it cares for its most vulnerable. Pleased to see the the Older Americans Act pass today. 
It's ridiculous that the six largest banks in the US have assets that are equivalent to nearly 60 percent of our GDP. Enough is enough.
We must not tolerate an economy and a political system that benefits Wall Street over everyday citizens. The American people deserve better.
We cannot go back to the days the elderly and the poor had to fend for themselves because Social Security and Medicaid did not exist.
A Medicare-for-all system would save us hundreds of billions in health care costs a year. It’s financially smart and the moral thing to do.
I don't think you can be an American company only when you want a bailout from the American people. You have also got to pay American taxes.
A majority of conservatives like the minimum wage and want to see it increased. Republicans in Congress aren’t listening to their voters.
The largest  companies would owe $620 billion in  taxes on the cash they store in tax havens, the equivalent of our defense budget.
It is fundamentally wrong that America remains the only industrialized nation that does not guarantee health care to all people.
Pfizer’s merger was a transparent attempt to dodge  taxes. I applaud President Obama for taking decisive action. 
What America needs is an energy revolution that leads our nation toward energy independence and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
Study after study shows the American people are the world’s most overworked people. They deserve better than starvation wages.
Americans deserve a Federal Reserve that works for the middle class. To get there, we must close the Wall Street-Washington revolving door.
I applaud California and New York for listening to voters and raising the minimum wage. Now let’s ensure a livable wage in all fifty states.
Treasury’s new rules have put profitable corporations on notice that their greed will not be allowed to continue. 
Congress must pass legislation to close corporate tax loopholes, so we can create the millions of jobs we need. 
RT @qz: In a 2011 speech, Bernie Sanders predicted the revelations of the Panama Papers 👴 🔮 🇵🇦 
You can’t be a domestic company only when you want to enjoy our legal protections. You've got to also pay your fair share of taxes.
I am pleased that the Treasury has announced new rules to block profitable American companies from gaming the system to dodge  taxes.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds New Rules to Curb Corporate Tax Dodges 
I opposed the Panama Trade Agreement because, as the Panama Papers show, it helped the rich evade US taxes.

Big banks acted as American as apple pie when they needed our money in 2008, but when it’s time to pay taxes, they’re proud Panamanians.
Offshore tax havens are nothing but legalized tax fraud and the fiscally responsible thing, and the just thing, to do is to eliminate them.
Congress must eliminate tax code loopholes that allow the wealthy to avoid billions in taxes each year through offshore tax shelters.
I think the evidence is overwhelming that trickle down economics is a fraud. It works for the very wealthy, not working families.
To truly honor Dr. Martin Luther King we must fight to carry out his radical and bold vision for America.

Millionaires pay the same amount into Social Security as a person making $118,500. By lifting the cap we can strengthen Social Security.
RT @SSWorks: Elites say "everyone's" living longer so we need to cut . Wrong:   @SenSanders https://t…
In order to be a global leader in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, the United States must implement a carbon tax.
RT @NCPSSM: Growing disparities in life expectancy btwn America’s rich &amp; poor are eroding progressive nature of . https://t.…
American democracy is about one person, one vote. Today's ruling is a victory for equality in our political system. 
The United States cannot continue to provide tax breaks to companies that move jobs overseas. They must pay their fair share.
RT @aimeepicchi: As the poor die earlier, Social Security isn't paying off for them -- my story for @CBSNews 
Poverty should not be a death sentence. Every American should be able to retire with the benefits they’ve earned and dignity they deserve.
When over half of older workers have no retirement savings, we need to expand, not cut, Social Security.
NEWS: Low-Income Americans are Dying Young and Losing Out on Earned Social Security Benefits, GAO Finds. 
Enough is Enough. The function of the United States Congress is to represent all of our people and not just the wealthy and powerful.
It is not bad or harmful for the federal government to provide assistance to those in need. We need more compassion in government, not less.
The United States has the ability to create millions of good paying jobs by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We cannot allow our great nation to be hijacked by right-wing billionaires like the Koch brothers. We must fight back.
It's unacceptable that while wealthy corporations are doing phenomenally well the middle class is collapsing and poverty is increasing.
Everyone understands what our disastrous trade agreements are all about. They're written by corporate CEOs to benefit corporate CEOs.
We haven't yet come to terms with the cruelty of "welfare reform," which told us for years that increasing hunger and misery helps the poor.
The United States needs to end the international embarrassment of being the only industrialized nation not to provide paid family leave.
If Congress respected our planet as much as it respects banks, it would not be hard to come up with funds to transform our energy system.
For decades, the surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. We can and will change that.
Fracking contributes to the climate crisis, increases earthquake risks and poisons our water. Put simply, fracking is not the answer.
It's morally grotesque that in our country today poverty is a death sentence for so many Americans.
The American people must ask Congress: Do you stand for our interests or those of the billionaire campaign contributors?
For the past 81 years, Social Security has kept tens of millions of seniors out of poverty. That's why we need to expand, not cut, benefits.
Puerto Rico's economic crisis will not be improved by closing more schools, firing more teachers and suspending the minimum wage.
It's outrageous that everyday Americans such as nurses, teachers and firemen pay a higher tax rate than some billionaires.
It's unacceptable that in the richest nation on earth, only 25% of families that qualify for housing aid receive it. 
We cannot allow the fossil fuel industry to dismantle the Clean Power Plan which is vital to protecting our planet. 
Congress must act immediately to give Puerto Rico the authority to restructure its debt like every municipality in this country.
No one, least of all people in the richest country on Earth, should have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class, we need to empower workers to exercise their Constitutional right to form a union.
We should not accept that programs many other nations have instituted- affordable college, universal healthcare- are impossible in America.
Challenging the drug lobby over senseless price hikes means fighting for the lives of millions who can't afford the medication they need.
There's no time to waste. We must stand up to fossil fuel interests and demand bold action to combat climate change. 
I think the American people have a right to be angry as they look around and see their country losing its democratic values.
It's shameful and dangerous for Republicans to play politics with women's health.  
Broadband access is a necessity, not a luxury. I urge the @FCC to expand Lifeline and help millions of working families get online.
It is unconscionable that millions of people in the world’s richest country are one diagnosis or car accident away from financial disaster.
We must stand up to the pharmaceutical industry and send a clear message that crime will no longer pay. 
It's a disgrace that hundred of thousands of bright and qualified young people are unable to afford a higher education. This must end.
Congress must listen to what the American people want, and not just respond to the billionaire class and major campaign contributors.
Moving to a single-payer health care system will end the injustice of families being burdened by needlessly high copayments and deductibles.
It's absurd that while productivity in America has soared, workers are still working longer hours for lower wages and are cut out of profits
It is my firm belief that the United Sates has the moral obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement.
Republican legislatures across America are making it harder for minorities and the poor to vote. It's time to restore the Voting Rights Act.
In 2015 the wage gap among men saw its largest single-year increase on record.  
There are fair ways to reduce deficits but cutting programs that benefit the vulnerable while giving the rich tax breaks is not among them.
I do not believe that men and women fought and died for our right to vote so billionaires could buy elections to protect the powerful.
My parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents they'd see their kids go to college. We must keep that promise to every family.
Common sense dictates that elections should be determined by who has the best ideas, not who can hustle the most money from the wealthy.
Social Security, the minimum wage and Medicare are just a few of the benefits workers won thanks in large part to the trade union movement.
We must make it easier, not harder, to form a union. We must confirm a justice who will give working people a voice. 
We must significantly cut carbon emissions and break our dependence on fossil fuels. We must commit to keep fossil fuels in the ground.
We have clean energy solutions to climate change. Fracking is not one of them. 
We are moving toward an oligarchy where we have a government of the billionaires, by the billionaires and for the billionaires.
RT @ReutersPolitics:  lawmakers want health agencies to lower prostate cancer drug cost 
Ending net neutrality would be a disaster for our country, for small businesses and for the free flow of ideas.
We must stop this blatant profiteering and put the drug industry on notice that the era of charging unconscionable prices must end.
The United States government should use every tool available to lower outrageously high prescription drug prices.
NEWS: Sanders urges HHS &amp; NIH to step in to lower the cost of a prostate cancer drug which costs 4 times more in US. 
Our economy cannot become vibrant or sustainable when the middle class is disappearing and working families lack disposable income.
It doesn't make much economic sense for us to pay twice as much for health care per capita as other nations that provide universal coverage.
It’s not just planes, tanks and guns that are a cost of war. The cost of war is taking care of those people who were injured in that war.
I want kids from families who don't have a lot of money to know that yes, if they do well in school they will be able to go to college.
Why is it that unlike most people in the industrialized world, Americans don't know if the food they eat has been genetically altered?
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy, America must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy.
We need to fundamentally change the way Wall Street does business. We should not risk our economy on casino-style gambling.
We must do away with the corporate loopholes that currently exist, which enable corporations to pay next to nothing in federal taxes.
There is no reason the United States must maintain a bloated military budget which spends almost as much as the rest of the world combined.
It is important that the American people stand together and end bigotry.
It's absurd that over the past decade the net worth of the top 400 billionaires in this country has doubled to an astronomical $1 trillion.
The bottom line is, if we hope to compete in the global economy, we must increase our investment in our transportation infrastructure.
Despite advances in technology and increases in productivity, millions of Americas today are still working longer hours for lower wages.
A student who studies hard gets hit with insurmountable debt, yet bankers who crashed our economy got a bailout and bonuses.
Now is the time, once and for all, to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
We cannot continue to let Congress' agenda be set by a billionaire class whose views are profoundly out of step with everyday Americans.
We've had enough environmental disasters to learn by now that there must be no new offshore drilling. Not now, not ever. 
We have got to fundamentally rewrite our trade policy laws so that American products, not jobs, are our number one export.
Fossil fuel companies are willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. That is incomprehensible.
Offshore drilling does not achieve the goals its advocates claim and is not worth the risk. Time to move away from oil, not drill for more.
If our democracy is to survive, we need to make this clear: our elections are not, and must never be, for sale to the highest bidder.
Between you and me, and everyone else in America, corporations are not people. They don't get a vote and shouldn't be able to buy elections.
We must ask the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share into Social Security by lifting the income payroll tax to $250,000.
My advice for climate change deniers in Congress is to worry more about their children's future and less about their campaign contributors.
Our political system by and large is owned and controlled by big money interests.
The Exxon Valdez oil spill cost up to $7 billion and the consequences persist today. The evidence is clear. We must keep it in the ground.
CEOs are seeing their salaries soar and the gap between the rich and the poor grows wider. That has to do with campaign finance reform.
RT @erin_vt: An aide to @SenSanders testified in  on making prescription drug prices more transparent.   #…
Our country should tell young people: "You can run for office without begging the rich and powerful for campaign contributions."
To discourage young people from going to college due to cost isn't just a tragedy for those individuals. It will be a tragedy for our nation
Apparently for many in the top 1%, owning and controlling our economy is not enough. They now want to own and control the government.
As the threat of oligarchy increases, the major political task we face is to protect our democracy.
I have real concerns about the war on drugs, which has destroyed the lives of many people who were never involved in violent activity.
Climate change is ultimately not a political issue. It's moral. Now is the time for bold action to save our planet. 
New tax breaks for the rich and big corporations may be popular in country clubs, but it's way out of touch with what most Americans want.
RT @aprilburbank: VT health care committee is working on prescription drug price transparency with a @SenSanders staffer.  https://t…
RT @cenkuygur: The people's interview tonight: Bernie Sanders on TYT. Live at 6PM ET. 
The ACA guaranteed women access to birth control, no matter whom they work for. Bosses shouldn't be able to take that away. 
No matter where you work or what you do, your birth control decisions should be up to you.  
America is not about attacking the most vulnerable people in our country. We cannot allow that to happen.
The government must be vigorous in protecting the American people from terrorism, but you can do that without undermining the Constitution.
For far too long, Congress has been set by powerful corporate interests and a right wing that doesn't represent the needs of most Americans.
We are fighting a terrorist organization, a barbaric organization that is killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion.
We can feed a senior for an entire year for the cost of one day in the hospital. Let’s expand and support Meals on Wheels.
No one will be successful in dividing us. America becomes a greater nation, a stronger nation, when we stand together as one people.
We offer our deepest condolences to the people of Brussels and stand with our European allies to offer any necessary assistance.
While other nations are guaranteeing health care as a right, we spend more on our military than the next nine nations combined.
We should end the regressive policy of government making billions in profits off student loans taken out by low and middle income families.
It is not acceptable that as workers have become more productive, their wages and benefits have gone down and profits went to those on top.
Congress must begin listening to the majority of Americans who are saying they do not want cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
Verizon made $39 billion in profit in 3 years. The workers who made that possible deserve a fair contract. 
Don't worry about the profits of fossil fuel companies. They're doing fine. Let's focus on transforming our energy system to save the planet
The wealthy have seen their incomes rise immensely in the last 30 years. It is not class warfare to say they don't need another tax break.
In a world of so much violence, I just don't believe that government itself should be part of that. We must abolish capital punishment.
Mexico's agricultural sector lost  million jobs in the 10 years after NAFTA. It was a lose-lose for working people both here and there.
It's unacceptable that the richest 16,000 families in the  now own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
We can't grow jobs if people don't have enough money to buy products made by other people. Raising the minimum wage is basic economic sense.
If we are to prosper in a global economy, we must have the best educational system in the world from childcare through college.
It is class warfare when the wealthy buy our elections to get tax breaks for themselves and cut spending to programs the rest of us need.
When the United States already requires labeling of more than 3,000 ingredients, there is no practical reason GMOs cannot join that list.
When our country's future depends on an educated labor force, we cannot afford to give in to right-wing demands to cut Pell Grant funding.
The federal government has a moral obligation to provide meaningful support for the rehabilitation of the men and women they send to war.
Greed guides the few on top: Corporate taxes are at a 60-year low but every year they demand more cuts.
RT @renaemerle: Sanders calls on Treasury to stop Pfizer from moving overseas to lower taxes 
It's unacceptable that, last year, the top 25 hedge fund managers earned more income than 425,000 public school teachers.
It's not a radical idea that a person who works 40 hours a week should not live in dire poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to $15/hour.
Enough is enough. It’s time to make banking work for all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy speculators.
We owe it to the over 22 million brave veterans living in the United States today to provide the benefits that they have earned and deserve.
RT @_MealsOnWheels: NEWS: 31 Senators signed a letter urging a 12% increase in funds for the . READ:  …
It is a national disgrace that the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country on earth.
NEWS: Sanders Leads Effort to Support Seniors Program  
The financial and human cost of negligence is too high for us to wait any longer to rebuild our infrastructure. 
NEWS: Sanders Calls on Treasury to Prevent Pfizer Tax Dodge  
Large multinational corporations should not be able to avoid paying  taxes when children in America go hungry. 
What perversion of democracy is it that a few trade negotiators, none accountable to voters, draft our trade policies which affect millions?
Refusing to hold hearings on the president's Supreme Court nominee would be unprecedented. 
The Republican perspective for decades has been that the poor are to blame for the deficit and they have written their budgets accordingly.
Boeing pays no taxes. Verizon gets a refund. Pfizer stashes their money abroad. It is high time we ask these groups to pay their fair share.
No, we will not balance the budget on the backs our most vulnerable groups. Too many in this country have already sacrificed enough.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future – the impacts are apparent here and now. We must act boldly. 
It's past time to put the interests of our brave men and women in uniform ahead of the profits of predatory banks. 
RT @SenJeffMerkley: My  w/@SenatorBaldwin @SenSanders @SenWarren is critical to help protect Main St. from  Hedge Funds ht…
It's beyond belief that in 2016 American kids are being poisoned by tap water. We must rebuild our water infrastructure. 
We give tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs to the tune of $500 billion in a ten-year period. Maybe it’s time to end that absurdity.
Despair is not an option - not if you want a decent future for your kids or grandchildren, not if you understand this country's potential.
Poverty is not just discomfort, it is often a death sentence. People with income in the bottom 20% die seven years earlier than the top 20%.
I don't think many lawmakers know that wages have been stagnant for 35 years. They don't see what people are going through.
It's simple, really: Politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. That's not radical. It's democracy.
Corporations lobby everyday for lower taxes even though they make record profits and their effective tax rates are at a sixty-year low.
Judge Garland is a strong nominee with decades of experience on the bench. @POTUS has done his job. It’s time for Republicans to do theirs.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on President Obama’s Supreme Court Nomination  
People have a right to know what's in the food they eat. GMO labeling exists in 64 other countries. There is no reason it can’t exist here.
I am pleased that Congress stood up to the demands of Monsanto and food industry corporations and rejected this outrageous bill.
Sen. Roberts' bill to block GMO labeling violates the will of the American people who overwhelmingly believe that GMOs should be labeled.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on GMO Labeling Legislation  
How horrific is it that in our country, the richest nation in the world, the life expectancy of poor women has been declining?
If we don't act, our grandkids will ask why we allowed fossil fuel companies to rake in record profits while climate change ravages earth.
We must work together to make Social Security solvent for our kids and grandchildren by lifting the cap on taxable income above $250,000.
The next decade of action on climate change is critical - if we do not act boldly, we will not be able to avoid catastrophic consequences.
The Export-Import bank gave taxpayer money to large corporations who then laid off American workers and shipped their jobs overseas.
Nearly one in five financial service professionals believe they must engage in illegal or unethical activity to be successful.
More than 1 in 3 financial executives say they've witnessed or have firsthand knowledge of potentially criminal wrongdoing in the workplace.
51% of Wall Street executives making over $500,000 a year said it was likely their competitors engage in unethical or illegal activity.
How many times have we heard the myth that what Wall Street did may have been wrong but it wasn’t illegal? Let me help shatter that myth.
We can save lives and help many people in need if we begin to understand that addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
Fossil fuel companies may seem to have a virtually unlimited supply of money and lobbyists in Washington, but together we can defeat them.
The deadline for a paid internship with Sen. Sanders this summer is Friday. Apply now: 
As a nation, we need to be more energy independent, less reliant on fossil fuel, and more reliant on local sustainable energy sources.
Sometimes it seems we have sadly forgotten about the millions of people lost their jobs, homes, and life savings not all that long ago.
RT @nytpolitics: Bernie Sanders has used the side doors of Congress to get what he wants through amendments  https:/…
The time is now for the wealthy and multinational corporations who are doing phenomenally well to help the middle class rebuild.
When our military budget rivals every other nation's combined, we can afford judicious cuts to our military without compromising our safety.
The sad reality is we have millions of Americans with less than $8,000 in savings wondering how they are going to retire with dignity.
It's outrageous that the median female worker earned $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
We are all in this together. It is our collective duty to ensure the millions of us who are uninsured have access to quality health care.
We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels in order to leave a planet that is healthy and habitable for future generations.
The bottom line is a great nation and a strong economy cannot exist alongside a crumbling infrastructure.
It's ridiculous that the Walton family is now worth $150 billion today. That is more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of Americans.
It is  unacceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers often enjoy an effective tax rate which is lower than their secretaries.
Nearly 4 million seniors experience food insecurity. We must ensure that the generation that built our great nation does not go hungry.
Our health care system is broken when millions who have health coverage can't afford to see a doctor due to high copayments and deductibles.
It is more than irresponsible for my Republican colleagues to risk the future of our planet in order to pander to fossil fuel lobbyists.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We have such a large national debt because George W. Bush gave tax breaks to billionaires and took us into two wars he forgot to pay for.
Over and over again, supporters of free trade agreements told us they would create jobs. Over and over again, they have been dead wrong.
I believe our country needs to be a leader on the global stage, and that means taking the lead on reversing climate change.
NEWS: Sanders Announces $ Million in Health Center Funds for Substance Abuse Treatment in Vermont 
High growth rates for corporations has paid off for those at the top. The rest of our people are done waiting for it to trickle down.
Social Security is arguably the most important Federal program we have. It's life or death for millions of senior today.
Want a paid internship with Sen. Bernie Sanders this summer? You've got a week to get in your application. 
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. Where's their bailout?
My message to the Export-Import Bank: If you use our money, then you represent American taxpayers, not just multinational corporations.
A nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us.
The time is long overdue for Congress to start representing the working families of America and not  just wealthy campaign contributors.
It is a national disgrace that a significant portion of the people who are homeless in America are veterans.
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost of failing to do so as soon as possible.
Climate change's deadly impacts on our most vulnerable communities makes rapidly addressing greenhouse gas emissions a moral imperative.
If you want taxpayers' money, then you must protect their jobs. Not a radical idea. But that idea has yet to come to the Export-Import Bank.
A handful of huge financial institutions have too much political power over our nation. They already pose a systemic risk to our democracy.
We are at a very strange moment in American history where virtually an entire political party is rejecting science. 
Proud of Vermont for passing paid sick leave. It's time for Congress to follow the state's lead and support real family values.
Today the 10 largest banks in the US are bigger than they were before we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
It is easy to declare war on other countries. It not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.
Whose views should we trust on trade legislation? Corporate America or organizations that represent working families and the environment?
Why do we pay large fees to withdraw our own money? Big banks must stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders.
I believe that as a nation, we must restore our public commitment to providing an affordable, quality higher education to every student.
The bottom line is when a person goes to the hospital, that person should not end up in bankruptcy.
It's ridiculous that we have over 45 million Americans living in poverty, almost more than at any time in the modern history of America.
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders this summer? Get your application in before March 18. Apply here: 
Climate change is already causing devastating harm here in the United States and to people all around the globe. 
The Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. The foxes are guarding the henhouse at the Fed.
RT @MotherJones: Read Bernie Sanders’ 1961 Testimony on His University’s Racist Housing Policy 
Women must have full control over their reproductive health in order to have full control over their lives. 
The simple fact is, Americans want to know what is in the food they're eating and whether that food is genetically engineered.
The simple fact is that the prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions of Americans.
Everyday, millions of seniors have to juggle with their limited budgets the choice of buying food or medicine. This has got to end!
When Wall Street talks, Congress listens. When working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?
The people who risked their lives in Selma showed that when people stand together for justice nothing is impossible. 
Making a $1 trillion investment to repair our infrastructure would create 13 million jobs, and that is exactly what we should be doing.
Cutting Social Security, a life and death issue for seniors and those with disabilities, isn't just bad economics- it's immoral.
It really is frightening when you have a party controlling the House and Senate saying, "You know what? We reject science."
Money is not free speech. Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.
It's unacceptable that Monsanto is more concerned about their own profits than about a consumer's right to know what they are eating.
Today we have more wealth inequality than any major country on Earth and the gap between the very rich and everybody else is growing wider.
It's absurd that in America, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, more than half of older workers have no retirement savings.
I'm not quite sure how anybody lives on $7,600 a year, but the sad reality is we have 20 percent of seniors who live at that level today.
The American people want fair elections. They want free elections. They don’t want billionaires buying elections.
Police departments in African-American neighborhoods should not look like occupying armies. We must demilitarize our police departments.
The American people understand: Taking care of veterans is as much a cost of war as tanks and guns. Our Congress needs to understand it too.
Now is the time to move to energy independence, break our dependency on fossil fuel and move to energy efficiency and sustainable energies.
The kind of "democracy" the ruling class likes is one where few people vote and the rich contribute huge amounts of money to the candidates.
Those who represent the rich and can’t address the needs of ordinary people instead manipulate people’s fear and ignorance to stay in power.
Campaign finance reform isn't a conservative issue or a liberal issue. It's an American issue. 
Happy birthday Vermont! 225 years ago today Vermont became the 14th state. 
We need to invest in our young people today, because they are our nation’s future doctors, teachers, engineers, scientists and senators.
While the economy has made gains the last six years, the reality is, the American middle class has been declining over the past 40 years.
Instead of giving more tax breaks to those who don’t need them, we should be expanding nutrition programs and other services for seniors.
The sad reality is nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
The bottom line is, it's more expensive to throw people in jail than to provide them with the training they need for a decent paying job.
We have got to make sure that every qualified American in this country who wants to go to college can go to college, regardless of income.
When the future of America depends on the education our young people,  free public education should not end at high school.
It's important to remember that we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Bernie's always understood that bad trade deals would pave the way for more lost jobs and more lost factories.

The FCC should not let Charter buy Time Warner. Even bigger monopolies won't lower cable and internet prices that are already too high.
If we are serious about creating the millions of good paying jobs we desperately need, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies.
Right now, if you are poor, government turns its back on you, yet it welcomes corporations and their lobbyists. We’ve got it backwards.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system today which is not only grossly unfair but, in many respects, corrupt.
If you think it's too expensive to take care of veterans, don't send them to war.

It is absurd that millions of workers are unemployed or underemployed when there is enormous work to be done rebuilding our infrastructure.
The Court must reaffirm that access to a safe and legal abortion is a woman’s constitutional right.  
We cannot go back to the days when women in America didn't have the right to control their own bodies. 
And it would have a domino effect, giving other states a green light to place a substantial burden on a woman’s right to an abortion.
It would have an especially devastating impact on low-income women who don't have the means or ability to travel long distances to a clinic.
900,000 women in Texas alone would have to travel over 150 miles in order to exercise their constitutionally protected reproductive rights.
If the Texas law is allowed to stand, abortion will officially become a right in name only.  
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Key Abortion Law Case   
The purpose of scapegoating, setting whites against blacks, native born against immigrants, is to deflect from issues that could unite them.
The key advocates for continuing free trade policies are precisely the people who are slashing jobs in America and shuttering factories.
Why is it that Republicans can accept and respect the research on cancer but are in denial when it comes to the science of climate change?
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace finally pay the taxes they should.
Low income teens now enroll in college in lower proportions than 2008. Your family income shouldn’t decide whether you get to go to college.
Vermont and other states must be allowed to label GMOs. Parents have a right to know what they're feeding their kids 
We need a major federal jobs program to put millions of Americans back to work. The fastest way to do that is to rebuild our infrastructure.
The overwhelming majority of Americans know that we have got to stand together. That if we start splintering, we're not going to succeed.
I believe that as a nation, we must restore our public commitment to providing an affordable, quality higher education to every student.
It is totally absurd that you can go out right now and get a lower interest rate on a car loan than you would pay on a student loan.
The decreasing cost of wind power shows that we can have a 100 percent clean energy future. 
RT @SenatorLeahy: Leahy &amp; @SenSanders Oppose Bill, Set For Sen. Markup Tues, That Would Block  ’s  Labeling Law …
If we're serious about ending climate change, we need to end the polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollution from fossil fuels.
Millions of people are working harder than ever without basic overtime protections. 
We have got to tell the largest corporations in America to stop dodging taxes and bring jobs back to the United States of America.
Medicare-for-all would save the American people and businesses more than $6 trillion over the next decade. 
RT @SenWarren: FMLA was a huge step fwd, and we must do more. Read my @BostonGlobe op-ed on how to level the playing field: …
Our Medicare drug programs have no cost control measures for one reason: they were written and signed off on by the pharmaceutical industry.
RT @oneunderscore__: Back when it was wildly politically unpopular, Mayor Bernie Sanders ran one of the only towns trans people felt safe
h…
We are producing enough to feed the hungry and provide what people need, yet our economy works day after day to make billionaires richer.
Many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
No American should have to go without the medication they need because Congress doesn't have the courage to stand up to the drug industry.
Do politicians in DC stand with ordinary Americans or will the extraordinary power of billionaire campaign contributors &amp; Big Money prevail?
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win.
America has more people behind bars than any major country – more even than China, an authoritarian regime.
The bottom line is, we can put end to the nearly 47 million Americans living in poverty by raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
We need to end the race to the bottom. Trade policies should protect, not endanger, the interests of American workers.
The very rich seem to want more and more and more, and are prepared to dismantle the existing political order to get it. We can’t let them.
Other countries negotiate with drug companies on their citizens' behalf to keep costs down. Our government should be able to do the same.
In my view, all Americans, regardless of income, should be able to get the education they need without going deeply in debt.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
The two largest private prison operators made a combined $361 million in profits in 2015. We must end the private, for-profit prison racket.
NEWS: Sanders Urges Action After New Report Details Private Prison Profits  
It's ridiculous that 21 percent of children in America are living in poverty, the highest in any industrialized country by far.
If we're serious about reducing wealth inequality and rebuilding the middle class, we must increase the number of union jobs in our country.
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
If you work 40 hours a week at the current federal minimum wage, you are making about $15,000 a year. That is undoubtedly a starvation wage.
The United States needs to join the rest of the industrialized world by implementing Rx drug policies that work for everybody.
It's totally insane that the monthly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last ten years to $9,900.
We should be transitioning away from fossil fuels, not incentivizing the extraction and exportation of natural gas. 
RT @davidshepardson: Five senators including @SenSanders raise concerns about @CharterCom @TWC merger 
The proposed New Charter deal would create a duopoly in the high-speed broadband industry and harm consumers. 
Enough is enough. Pfizer and other pharmaceutical companies can no longer be allowed to rip off American patients. 
PNTR with China led to the loss of 3 million American jobs. Free trade agreements have been an unmitigated disaster for our working people.
NEWS: Pfizer Dodges Taxes and Price Gouges Patients, New Report Finds  
NAFTA will be a disaster for American and Mexican farmers, the environment and the American taxpayer. - Bernie (10/6/1993)
NAFTA will simply accelerate the process by which working people become poorer and the wealthy become wealthier. - Bernie in 1993
It's very easy to turn our backs on kids who are hungry but I believe everybody in this country impacts everybody else in all kinds of ways.
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they have no health care.
It's outrageous that we give tax breaks to billionaires, yet we continue to have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country.
NEWS: Sanders Receives Perfect Score from League of Conservation Voters 
It's makes no sense to me that a drug sold in Britain for 66 cents a pill can be sold for $750 in the United States. This has got to end!
It's unacceptable that in our rigged economic system, almost all of the new income and wealth are going to the top one percent.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on FDA Nominee’s Confirmation  
I opposed Dr. Califf's nomination because I'm not convinced he will stand up to the pharmaceutical industry's greed. 
The bottom line is, if workers in this country want to exercise their constitutional right to join a union, they should be allowed to do so.
In my view, it's immoral and bad economics to cut Social Security when so many seniors and people with disabilities depend on it.
Vermont and other states must be allowed to label GMOs.  
People in other countries pay far less for their prescriptions. We should reduce barriers to importation of drugs from Canada and elsewhere.
When we put money into the hands of working people, they are going to go out and buy goods, buy services, and that will create jobs.
I think it is reasonable to demand that a full time job pay enough to lift a worker out of poverty, not keep them in it.
We live in the world's richest nation and yet 37 percent of African American kids and 47 percent of Native American kids live in poverty.
Guantanamo has damaged our moral standing and undermined our foreign policy. I'm glad to see a plan to shut it down. 
How do you have a drug manufactured by the same company, in the same factory sold in Canada for one-tenth the price as in the 
Almost everything FDR proposed - Medicare, a minimum wage - was called socialist. Yet these programs have become the fabric of our nation.
RT @HuffingtonPost: Watch Bernie Sanders demolish a homophobic Republican in 1995  
No single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
It's not a radical idea for the United States to join countries all over the world and allow consumers to know if a product contains GMOs.
If we can import tomatoes from Mexico, there is absolutely no reason why we cannot import affordable prescription drugs from Canada.
The future of prescription costs in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
We clearly need a new approach to prescription drugs in this country when 1 in 5 Americans are unable to afford to fill their prescriptions.
The time is long overdue for us to start investing in our young people to help them get the jobs they need to be a part of the middle class.
In my view, people have a right to make a telephone call today without that information being collected by the government.
At the end of the day, investing in senior nutrition programs saves Americans money by keeping seniors healthy and out of hospitals.
It's not a radical idea to have legislation that protects the safety of the American people and their constitutional right of privacy.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
The views of the billionaire class are profoundly out of step with working Americans, which goes a long way to explain Congress' agenda.
RT @HuffPostCollege: Here's footage of Bernie Sanders being arrested as a college student. 

If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about the big banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
It is disgraceful that millions of full-time workers live in poverty and millions more must work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
We should give authorities the strong tools they need to investigate suspected terrorists, but laws must also safeguard our civil liberties.
We have got to ask the largest corporations in America to stop dodging taxes and bring jobs back to the United States of America.
There is a war going on in this country. It is a war being waged by some of the wealthiest and most powerful people against working families
One of the reasons for the decline of the middle class and working people is that the trade unions which represent them are under attack.
The loss of thousands of factories and millions of good jobs prove we can no longer allow corporations to write our trade deals for us.
Real family values are paid sick time, paid family leave and guaranteed vacation time so parents can spend leisure time with their children
If the Fed could bail out Wall Street with extremely low interest rates, we can treat graduating college students with the same respect.
If we are to rebuild our middle class and be competitive in the global economy, we must join other nations and make college tuition free!
Instead of providing low-interest loans to companies that are exporting jobs, we should be investing in businesses creating jobs in the US.
Today, 1 in 5 seniors experience food insecurity. We should be expanding nutrition programs instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires.
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program so that students are not paying interest rates higher than they pay for car loans
If we stay on our current track, children today will have a lower standard of living than their parents. It's the American dream in reverse.
This country, this great country, belongs to all of us. We cannot allow it to be controlled by a handful on top who apparently want it all.
It is simply morally repugnant that we have privatized prisons all over America. We have got to end the for-profit prison racket.
In the coming years, the most powerful political party America won't be the Republican or Democratic Party, but the Koch Brothers Party.
Today, a quarter of the nation's bridges have been designated as structurally deficient. Now is the time to invest in our infrastructure.
It is unacceptable that in America today, you could be taking a lifesaving drug one day and find out it is no longer available the next.
The truth is that we can never repay the debt that we owe to those men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our country.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
When we discuss wealth inequality and campaign reform, ultimately we're asking a moral question: What kind of nation do we wish to become?
There is no valid reason to restrict a woman’s access to affordable birth control. 
Our country is great because we are the sons and daughters of immigrants, and I think we should all be very proud of that.
This week, millionaires stopped paying into Social Security for 2016. That's absurd. We must lift the cap &amp; expand Social Security.
We cannot continue to round up and deport thousands of immigrant families to address a crisis that requires compassion and humane solutions.
It is my view that we need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
The trade agreements pushed by corporate America are great if you are CEO of a major corporation, but are a disaster for American workers.
Congress will never regain the American people's confidence unless we have the guts to stand with working people &amp; take on moneyed interests
I am very worried about the US Congress turning its back on science and those who tell us that we have got to cut back on carbon emissions.
By breaking up too-big-to-fail banks before they face a crisis, we can ensure a healthy financial system &amp; prevent another taxpayer bailout.
If a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. 
For decades, we have been engaged in a failed ‘War on Drugs’ with racially-biased mandatory minimums that punish people of color unfairly.
We have to deal with the reality that 50% of young black kids are unemployed and that we have massive poverty in America.
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class and creating millions of good jobs, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies.
For three decades after World War II, productivity and wages grew together. Today, productivity is soaring but workers' wages are stagnant.
Democracy means one person, one vote. It does not mean that the Koch Brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We need legislation which makes it possible for workers who want to join a union to do so. We must pass the Employee Free Choice Act.
Our guiding principle in terms of immigration reform must be to unite families, not divide them up.
“We can either have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few.” - Louis Brandeis
We will not tolerate calls to send back unaccompanied children and victims of crime and domestic violence to the countries they have fled.
How insane is it for us to literally discourage bright young people from attending college because of how much money their parents make?
We must listen to the scientific community, not Fox News, and lead the world in reversing climate change.
I remain opposed to the free trade agreements like NAFTA that forced American workers to compete against people who make pennies an hour.
When people stand together for justice, nothing is impossible.
I will never forget Alan Greenspan visiting Congress to tell us how great deregulation was. I didn't buy it then, and I don't buy it now.
Today, African American unemployment is double the national average. The struggle for racial and economic justice continues.
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and colleagues, who mourn his passing.
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to at least $15/hour!
NEWS: Sanders Backs @SenatorReid's Legislation to Guarantee Due Process for Border Refugees  
Republicans need to worry less about their campaign contributions and more about leaving our kids a planet that is healthy and habitable.
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve.
Since 2001, our disastrous unfettered ‘free trade’ policies have lost over  million decent-paying manufacturing jobs. Enough is enough!
We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels if we are interested in subsiding the irreversible effects of climate change.
There was once a time when our nation's infrastructure - roads, bridges, rail - were the envy of the world. Sadly that's no longer the case.
We must end the scandal in which millions of Americans, many earning less than $30K/year, work 50 or 60 hours a week without overtime.
It makes no sense that students and their parents are forced to pay interest rates for college loans that are higher than housing mortgages.
RT @chrislhayes: Here's the link to Sanders floor speech on the 1994 crime bill 
One of the most serious crisis facing this country is the lack of decent-paying jobs for young Americans. We must defeat this crisis.
Must Read: Disparity in Life Spans of the Rich and the Poor Is Growing -@stavernise  
It's imperative that the one-in-five Americans living with a mental health condition receive care in a timely manner.
Higher education is a strategic investment in our nation’s future. That is why education should be a right, not a privilege.
The opioid epidemic claims 78 lives each day. We must ensure lifesaving drugs, such as naloxone, are accessible to those who need them.
In the 1950s large corporations contributed over 30% of federal tax revenue. Today it's less than 10 and they still ask for more tax breaks.
The American people understand that the federal minimum wage of $ is a starvation wage. It is not a wage that anybody can live on.
The Koch brothers are spending hundreds of millions so they can have a Congress that works for the 1 percent. We can’t let that happen.
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thanks to lawmakers like @SenSanders, workers like Sontia got BIG raises at the Capitol!  …
So proud that Vermont continues to be a national leader on solar energy.  
Must Read: Ex Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner is finally cashing in on Wall Street. 
Victims of crime and domestic violence should not be afraid of being deported for calling the police.
NEWS: Sanders, Grijalva Demand Accountability for Immigration Enforcement Program 
It is crazy that we have Republicans who not only will not raise the minimum wage, but want to do away with the concept of a minimum wage.
The only major voter fraud we have in America are elected officials enacting voting restrictions to protect their own seats in office.
We need trade policies that are designed for the American worker, not for the multinational corporations who are richer than ever before.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Strengthened Sanctions on North Korea  
In 2009, Exxon Mobil made $19 billion in profits and actually received a $156 million rebate from the IRS. That's corporate welfare.
Older workers are worried about what will happen when they retire. We have to ensure they retire with dignity by expanding Social Security.
It's unacceptable that in the richest countries in the world millions of young people are unable to find work and begin their careers.
Change does not take place easily. Anyone who’s read history understands that.
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
The Supreme Court's decision is deeply disappointing. There's no time to spare in the fight to combat climate change 
When two-thirds of American seniors rely on Social Security benefits for most of their income, we must expand Social Security - not cut it!
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
In our rigged economic system, almost all of the new income and wealth are going to the top one percent.
Climate change is real and caused by human  job is to aggressively transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We need trade policies that work for the working families of our nation and not just the CEOs of large, multi-national corporations.
We must learn from other nations who say to their young people: You want to go to college? You can go to college, regardless of your income.
While we tackle grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.
In 2014, drug makers spent $250 million on lobbying and campaign contributions. Even in DC, that’s a lot of money. 
We have a moral responsibility to reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else.
The true greatness of a country does not lie in the number of millionaires and billionaires it has.
Drug industry launches ad campaign as it lobbies against any effort to rein in prescription costs -@joewalkerWSJ. 
In the year 2016, a job must lift Americans out of poverty, not keep them in it. We have got to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
Your ability to vote shouldn’t depend on whether you have a car or how much money you have.  It’s your right, plain and simple.
Attempts by elected officials to win elections by suppressing voter turnout isn't just political cowardice- it undermines our democracy.
In the United States, CEOs make 300 times what their workers make. This is simply immoral and must be dealt with.
We must reform our campaign finance system so Congress' work reflects the needs of working families and not the billionaire class.
There was once a time when the United States was No. 1 in infrastructure. Today we are No. 12. We need to invest in our infrastructure.
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice!
It's outrageous that nearly 45% of American households lack any meaningful access to transit. We must rebuild our crumbling infrastructure!
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail!
Flashback: Months before the Veterans Affairs scandal was exposed, Bernie tried to expand health care for veterans.

The bottom line is that unilateral military action should be the last resort, not the first option.
Enough is enough! This great nation belongs to the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists.
There is no reason why the United States is the only major country on Earth that does not have a family and medical leave policy.
There is something profoundly wrong when one family in America, the Walton family of Walmart, owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent.
It is my view that we need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
Next time you hear a politician talk about family values, ask them where they stand on paid family leave. 
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave! .
It’s disgraceful that America is the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave.  
The answer to unemployment and poverty is not and cannot be the mass incarceration of young Americans of all races.
There is no reason that American workers should be denied paid family leave, a benefit that workers in every advanced economy already enjoy.
I believe it is time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country and say no to the death penalty.
30% of every health care dollar spent in the United States goes to administrative costs, rather than to delivering care. We can do better.
I've always strongly opposed trade agreements like NAFTA and TPP, which were written by corporate America and have cost us millions of jobs.
The time is long overdue for us to start investing in our young people and to help them get the jobs and education they need.
It's an outrage that we have seen a proliferation of millionaires while ordinary Americans are working longer hours for lower wages.
It's time for Americans to say, "ENOUGH is ENOUGH. We won't accept another year of astronomical prescription price increases."
That's why @RepCummings and I have put forward a comprehensive plan to stop skyrocketing drug prices. 
The American people are fed up with the blatant profiteering of pharmaceutical company CEOs like Martin Shkreli. It must end.
We pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. One in five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions.
Although Martin Shkreli’s greed is in the national spotlight today, skyrocketing drug prices are a daily struggle for many Americans.
Let's face it: until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary Americans.
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer.
It's outrageous that in the industrialized world, the United States is No. 1 in billionaires and No. 1 in childhood poverty.
When millions of working Americans are still living in poverty, it is absolutely imperative that we raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
It's outrageous we still have 29 million people in this country who have zero health insurance. This has got to end!
When the average Social Security benefit today is just $1,328 a month, it's time to extend and expand Social Security benefits not cut them!
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. 
It's unacceptable that Republicans want to cut Social Security, despite the fact that some seniors are trying to survive on $13,000 a year.
The bottom line is: do we cut social security benefits or do we ask the wealthiest corporations and Americans to pay their fair share?
Big business is willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. 
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty.
We are rapidly moving toward a nation of the super-rich, by the super-rich and for the super-rich.
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth.
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, to stand with working people and, when necessary, take on the powerful.
We must move towards a democracy where one can run for office without begging for contributions from the wealthy and the powerful.
Why is it that, despite huge advancements in technology and productivity, millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages?
The American people understand that our current economic system is rigged against them and designed to benefit the top 1%.
It’s time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve.
We are the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, but few Americans know it because so much of the new income goes to those on top.
It is unacceptable that Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose new fossil fuel pipelines.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that healthcare is a right of all, and not a privilege.
Instead of sheltering profits in the Cayman Islands, the largest corporations in this country must pay their fair share of taxes!
It is an outrage that the CEOs of large corporations are calling for tax breaks while the middle-class of this country is disappearing.
"While the income of a minority is increasing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling." -Pope Francis 
Between 2008 and 2013, GE, Boeing and Verizon paid no federal income taxes but received $ billion in tax rebates. This has got to end!
It makes no sense that kids who get caught with marijuana get police records while Wall St. CEOs who helped destroy the economy get raises.
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
More than twice as many elderly women lived in poverty than men in 2013. We should be expanding not cutting Social Security and Medicare
We need to give our kids, regardless of their race or income, a fair shot at attending college and make public universities tuition free.
27% of low wage workers are single parents. We just have got to recognize that the minimum wage we have now is totally inadequate.
We'll no longer tolerate an economy and a political system that's been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans.
It’s an outrage that millions of parents are forced back to work because they don’t have the income to stay home with their newborn babies.
The gender wage gap has lifelong effects. The average yearly Social Security income received by women is $12,857 compared to $16,590 for men
 should not be a partisan issue but instead an American issue of basic fairness.
 when women in America who do the same work as men earn 79 cents on the dollar.
One in every 15 African-American men is incarcerated, compared to one in every 106 white men. That is unacceptable.
We must end the disgrace of women making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men. We are going to have pay equity for women workers.
Across the country millions of people are working 2 or 3 jobs to cobble together enough income and health care to sustain their families.
It's unacceptable that the United States is five percent of the world’s population, yet we have 25 percent of the world’s prisoners.
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy, we must focus on efficient, renewable energy and not fossil fuels.
Republicans believe starvation wages are enough for millions of hard working Americans. I disagree. We must raise the minimum wage to $15!
People who live in low-income and minority communities will bear the most severe consequences of society’s addiction to fossil fuels.
35 million Americans should not have to go without the medication they need because they cannot afford it. 
Oil, coal and electric companies spent a staggering $ billion in lobbying since 2009. Even in Washington, that’s a lot of money.
It really is an embarrassment that Republican politicians, with few exceptions, refuse to even recognize the reality of climate change.
My definition of democratic socialism is creating a government that works for all of us, not just a handful of people on top.
There's already been a massive transfer of wealth in this country- trillions of dollars have gone from the middle class to the few on top.
Women are making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men and for women of color it’s even less. That's nothing but sexism and discrimination.
What the American economy should be about is fighting to protect the middle class, not indulging the greed of billionaires.
I believe that every kid in this country who has the ability and the desire should be able to get a higher education in this country.
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed, we should be doing everything we can to create jobs.
War must be the last choice, not the first option. 
In 2015, 35 million people didn't get their prescriptions filled because they didn't have enough money. Big Pharma must be held responsible
Congrats @chtrust for winning ! So proud of your work to expand the affordable housing programs we started together in VT
The US needs to join the rest of the industrialized world by implementing prescription drug policies that work for everybody, not just CEOs.
Congress needs to listen to the 72 percent of the American people who believe that the cost of medication is too expensive.
All of the pundits always tell us what we cannot accomplish until the day after we accomplish it. 
Dr. Califf’s extensive ties to pharmaceutical companies give me no reason to believe that he would make the FDA work for ordinary Americans.
NEWS: Sanders Places Hold on FDA Nominee  
It’s high time we stopped bailing out Wall Street and started repairing Main Street.
It's unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States has gone up by 
more than 90 percent since 2002.
We've ended up with a situation where millions of working people's tax rate is a hell of a lot higher than for some of the richest people.
Planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war. So is taking care of the men and women who use those weapons and fight our battles.
This is almost beyond belief. The wealthiest 14 people in this country saw their wealth increase between 2013 and 2015 by $157 billion.
If this country is to succeed in the future, we cannot continue to turn our backs on an entire generation of young people.
Americans are carrying more student debt than credit card or auto-loan debt. That’s a tragedy for our young people and for our nation.
I have a message for Republicans: Worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children and grandchildren.
Today, less than 9 percent of seniors live in poverty. Why do some people insist on cutting Social Security when it has been so effective?
Why do Republicans always have money for war but not for those in need?
Democracy should not be a war between one group of billionaire donors and another. That's why  we've got to overturn Citizens United.
We have a corporate establishment whose greed is destroying our economy, a political establishment which is beholden to billionaires.
"The quality of a society, I mean of a civilization, is also judged by how it treats elderly people." -Pope Francis 
Many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
Republicans say: Let’s give more tax breaks to the rich and to the corporations. This is wrong. Trickle-down economics has not worked.
The bottom line is that people can’t make it on $ or $8 an hour. We have to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
We must end the greed and selfishness of Wall Street. 
1 out of 5 Americans are unable to afford to purchase the drugs prescribed to them by their doctors. This is totally insane.
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's rights, we are going to expand them.
When you tell a woman that she can not control her own body, that’s extremism.
Corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
Too many girls and women are still suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse and that must end.
It's my firm belief that if the US Senate had 83 women and 17 men, women's reproductive rights would never be under question or debated.
Increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour would significantly boost the wages of more than 15 million women.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
We have to overturn Citizens United and move to the public funding of election, so the wealthy and the powerful cannot buy elections.
If we want a vibrant democracy, where candidates have an even playing field, we need to move toward public funding of elections.
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. 
As a result of Citizens United, the Supreme Court has given the wealthiest people an opportunity to own the United States government.
RT @EnvAm: @SenSanders Thank you for all your efforts to  for . And thanks in advance for stopping  override…
6 years ago today, the Supreme Court issued what I think is one of the most disastrous decisions in its history -- Citizens United.
In the US today 50 million people are still uninsured or underinsured. We live in a nation where health care is a privilege for the wealthy.
It's unacceptable that many kids have criminal records for smoking marijuana while the CEOs of banks do not. 
The United States needs to move toward community policing and make our police departments look more like the communities they serve.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say huge financial institutions are too powerful and we need to break 'em up.
The Koch brothers are spending huge sums of money to sow doubt about climate change. The reality is climate change is real and man-made.
It is absolutely vital that we act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels.
The debate is over. Climate change is real and caused by human activity. This planet and its people are in trouble. 
RT @billmckibben: Big big news--CA joins NY in investigating  scandal. "Casting a wide net" about their deceit …
As a society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, the United States must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
It's unbelievable that the Koch brothers saw their wealth increase by $18 billion in 2 years, yet paid lower taxes than the middle class.
As a nation, we must remain consistent with our immigrant tradition by welcoming those fleeing violence and ending the raids.
Our job is to tell every kid in this country, that if they work hard, regardless of family income, they will get a college education.
RT @Slate: How Bernie Sanders made his hometown affordable:  
I got a message for the Walton family of Walmart: Get off of welfare and pay your workers a living wage.
Are you ready for a radical idea? We are going to create an economy that works for the middle class, not the billionaire class.
Americans understand we have a rigged economy, where 47 million people are living in poverty and almost all new income is going to the top.
We have to make Congress respond to the needs of the people, not big money. 
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  
Dr. Martin Luther King: "We must ask the question, ‘Why are there forty million poor people in America?'" 
"Call it democracy, or call it democratic socialism, but there must be a better distribution of wealth." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 
Whenever anybody in this country is killed while in police custody, it should automatically trigger a  attorney general's investigation.
As we honor Dr. King, we must not only remember what he stood for, but also pledge to continue his vision to transform our country. 
The black unemployment rate has remained roughly twice as high as the white rate over the last 40 years. This is unacceptable.
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
The war on drugs has been a failure and has ruined the lives of too many people.
It's time for the US to join almost every other Western, industrialized country in saying no to the death penalty. 
We are spending almost twice as much per capita on health care as does any other nation. 
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage! 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is already causing huge devastation across the world. 
When you're sick, you should have access to health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
The measure of success for law enforcement should not be how many people get locked up. 
Today, if an employee is engaged in a union organizing campaign, they have a one in five chance of getting fired. This has got to end!
It's embarrassing that 20% of kids in America are living in poverty, the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country.
It is unacceptable that the typical female worker made $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
We must continue to boldly take on powerful political forces who are more concerned with short-term profits than the future of the planet.
We can create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests. This is not a radical idea.
We have a moral responsibility to leave our kids a healthy planet. The best way we can do that is by keeping fossil fuels in the ground.
Unbelievably, today in many states, it is still legal to fire someone for being gay. That is unacceptable and must change.
NEWS: Sanders statement on Obama's decision to halt new federal coal leases on public lands  
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most jailed population.
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and completely redo how we train police officers.
Sen. Ted Kennedy: Health care is "a matter of right and not of privilege." 
One family will spend more money this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This isn't democracy. It's oligarchy.
It seems to me that instead of building more jails, maybe, just maybe, we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids.
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
We're the only major country that doesn’t guarantee healthcare to all as a right, yet we spend more per capita on healthcare than any nation
I say to Walmart: Get off of welfare. Start paying your employees a living wage!
We'll no longer tolerate an economy and political system rigged by Wall St. to benefit the wealthiest at the expense of everyone else.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. That cannot continue.
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. We must resolve that health care is a right, not a privilege of those who can afford it
We need to change campaign finance so the work being done by Congress reflects the needs of working families, not just the billionaire class
There is no rational economic reason why women should earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
How is it that we can spend trillions on never ending wars but can't afford to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure? 
I appreciated @POTUS's point that we need more civil politics, to get big money out of politics, and to revitalize American democracy.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on the State of the Union Address  
We must make the Fed a more democratic institution, responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans rather than the billionaires on Wall St.
Too much of the Fed’s business is conducted in secret, known only to the bankers on its various boards and committees.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Audit the Fed Bill  
Medicare for all would guarantee health care for all people and save middle class families and our entire nation lot of money.
RT @dirtybirderic: Let's never forget what @SenSanders had to say about "homos in the military" back in 1995. 
This country was built by immigrants. I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed.
We must do everything we can to make sure the generation that fought to defend democracy and built our great nation does not go hungry.
We need someone who will work to lower drug prices &amp; implement rules to import brand-name drugs from Canada. Dr. Califf is not that person.
When millions of Americans cannot afford the drugs they need, we need a leader at the FDA who is prepared to stand up to the drug companies.
It is unacceptable that the monthly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last ten years to $9,900.
It's unacceptable that 1 out of 5 Americans between the ages of 19 and 64 cannot afford the drugs they are prescribed.
NEWS: Sanders Votes No on FDA Nominee  
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
In 2015, a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free.
We can live in a nation where everyone, no matter their race, religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality.
In my view, no single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
We have a situation now where Wall Street banks are not only too big to fail, they are too big to jail. That has got to change.
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades.
As a result of the Citizens United decision, our political system has been totally corrupted and the foundations of democracy undermined.
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including China, an authoritarian country 4 times our size.
My Republican colleagues talk a lot about “family values.” 
I will do everything I can to stand up to the Donald Trumps of the world and their bigotry and their xenophobia. 
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage.
We must tell the billionaire class: You cannot continue to get tax breaks while children in this country are going hungry!
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth. That’s unacceptable.
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans! That is our economic reality.
It is an international embarrassment that nearly 20 percent of kids in America are living in poverty. 
If you throw 17 million people off health insurance as Republicans would, people will die because they can't go to a doctor in time.
In the United States, CEOs make 300 times what their workers make. That is simply immoral and must be dealt with.
Americans will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high.
In America today, we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
The bottom line is that we cannot and we should not sweep up millions of men, women, and children and throw them out of the country.
Despite the efforts of many Republicans to suppress the vote, we must make it easier for people to participate in the political process.
The US must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee workers paid medical &amp; family leave.
Instead of throwing 17 million Americans off of health insurance, we should be expanding on the Affordable Care Act 
The American people will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
We need drug policies that work for everybody, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
We must make it easier to import lower-cost drugs. Americans should not live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
Tens of thousands of Americans now spend more than $100,000 a year on prescription medication. One drug costs $1,000 per pill.
"Necessitous men are not free men.” - President Franklin D. Roosevelt 
83 Central American immigrants recently denied asylum were murdered within months of their return.  We must immediately cease these raids.
RT @AliceOllstein: Bernie Sanders demands President Obama end ‘inhumane’ roundups of immigrant families  …
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders writes Obama, seeking end to recently started deportation raids 
Our immigration policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution
We can't continue to employ inhumane tactics involving deporting thousands of families to address a crisis that requires a humane solution.
I urge @POTUS to immediately cease the deportation raids and not deport families back to countries where a death sentence awaits.
NEWS: Sanders calls on Obama to end deportation raids, extend Temporary Protected Status to vulnerable families 
The time is long overdue for this great country to join to the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care as a right to all.
Our corrupt system allowed Wall Street during the 1990s to spend $5 billion in lobbying and campaign contributions to get deregulated.
American becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and loudly and clearly say no to all forms of racism and bigotry.
The witch-hunt against Planned Parenthood, which provides critical health care to 3 million women, must end. 
The Republican budget is not only bad legislation (and it is), it is also a waste of time. 
The last thing we need is a budget reconciliation bill that throws 17 million Americans off health insurance and defunds Planned Parenthood.
75% of insured people struggling to pay medical bills make sacrifices like not buying food and household items: 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies.
When we talk about our responsibility as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving this planet healthy and habitable.
Right now, our energy policy is rigged to boost the profits of big oil companies like Exxon and BP at the expense of average Americans.
One of the reasons that the rich are getting richer while the poor are getting poorer is that we have a corrupt campaign finance system.
We've got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and use the revenue from a speculation tax to make public colleges tuition free.
Last week, the North Pole was warmer than Western Texas, Southern California, and parts of the Sahara. 
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for causing our economy's near collapse. Big bankers must not be too big to jail.
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy.
In my view, it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $5 fee each time they go to the ATM.
Greed, fraud, dishonesty and arrogance, these are the words that best describe the reality of Wall Street today.
We cannot tolerate an economy and a political system that's been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest at everyone else's expense.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government. 
A vast majority of Americans, including responsible gun owners, agree with the common sense reforms announced today.
Republicans are clearly more loyal to gun lobbyists than our children. I support @POTUS's executive actions to make our communities safer.
Our goal must be to create a financial system and an economy that works for all Americans, not just a handful of billionaires.
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself, gambling trillions of dollars. If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
RT @VTEducation:  deadline nears for @SenSanders State of the Union essay contest:  
When you have so few banks with so much power, you have to not only reestablish Glass-Steagall, but you've got to break them up.
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's scientific community is saying.
RT @WVNYWFFF: Sen. Sanders' Annual State of the Union Essay Contest Deadline Approaching 
For the life of me, I will never understand how a family like the Koch brothers worth $85 billion apparently think that's not enough money.
RT @USProgressives: .@RepJimMcdermott is a true progressive who championed  &amp; opposed the Iraq War. We wish him the very bes…
This is the richest country in the history of the world. Millions of our people should not be living in poverty.
Instead of giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy, we should pay attention to the needs of seniors trying to survive on just $12,000 a year.
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces, but by how it treats the most vulnerable people.
How is it that a kid who smokes marijuana gets a police record, but the CEO of a company that ruins people’s lives has no criminal record.
We have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We should be investing in jobs and education, not more jail and incarceration.
What Republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I disagree.
The debate is over. Climate change is real, and it’s caused by human activity.
What we have to do is not let Donald Trump and these other people divide us up.
"The most serious of the evils that afflict the world these days are youth unemployment &amp; the loneliness of the old" 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple and concrete – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
What do the Koch brothers want? Let me tell you. They don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart, owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans!
Over half of American workers have less than $10,000 in savings and have no idea how they will be able to retire with any shred of dignity.
We have a system that treats too many citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals. That's a reality that must change.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
We need a movement which once and for all will end institutional racism in our country and reform a very broken criminal justice system.
It is grossly unfair that there are millionaires in this country who end up paying an effective tax rate lower than a middle-class worker.
It's not a radical concept that maybe the United States government should represent working families rather than a handful of billionaires.
People should not have to go without the medication they need just because politicians aren’t willing to challenge the drug lobby.
It is not a radical idea to say if a person works 40 hours a week that person should not live in poverty.
Happy New Year!
Today in America over 20% of our children are living in poverty — the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country.
The billionaire class cannot have it all. Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the one percent.
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.
When Republicans talk about family values, they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood.
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.
RT @daveweigel: .@SenSanders, who knocked MSNBC for nixing Ed Schultz, criticizes the Post for ending @HaroldMeyerson’s column: …
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace.
There are few progressive voices in corporate media. @HaroldMeyerson is one of the best. His insights will be sorely missed by Post readers.
I happen to believe that in a democratic, civilized society, all people should be entitled to health care as a right 
Unlike Trump, who wants to give huge tax breaks to his fellow billionaires, we need to ask the wealthiest people to pay their fair share.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality billionaires like Donald Trump should pay their fair share of taxes.
To say to some smart, young person: you're not going to be able to go to college because your family lacks the funds. That is pretty dumb.
11 million people cannot continue living in the shadows. We need comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
Republicans must start worrying about the planet they will leave their kids, not the campaign contributions they get from the Koch brothers.
It makes no sense that every year we lose $100 billion in tax revenue because profitable corporations stash their profits in tax havens.
Loudly and clearly, we must tell Republicans. No. We will not cut Social Security benefits for the elderly and disabled veterans.
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims, we are going to stand together.
Many young people are leaving school deeply in debt for what? For the crime of trying to get an education and make it to the middle class.
We need major reforms in a very broken criminal justice system. We must stop the killing of unarmed African-Americans by the police.
We need to invest $1 trillion to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create up to 13 million decent-paying jobs.
Our foreign policy has failed the American people and led to wars like the war in Iraq which we should never have gotten into.
We are living in a rigged economy where corporate profits soar while millions of our children live in poverty.
It’s time to make banking work for the productive economy and for all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy speculators.
Republicans win elections when people don’t vote, when they turn off from politics. Progressives win when people know what’s going on.
Donald Trump wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top three tenths of 1 percent. That's not the America we need.
Nobody can recall a Christmas Eve where the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?
The way we improve lives is by passing legislation which creates millions of decent paying jobs, not by having us hate Mexicans or Muslims.
We need a constitutional amendment that will overturn Citizens United and restore free and fair elections.
We need policies that bring us together, take on the greed of Wall St. and create an economy that works for all of us, rather than a few.
Donald Trump does not want to raise the minimum wage. In fact, he has said that he thinks wages in America are too high.
This nation and its government belong to all of the people, and not solely to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and lobbyists.
Elections should be influenced by grassroots movements not a billionaire’s checkbook.
We have seen far too many people, often African Americans, who are unarmed, shot and killed by police officers.

RT @FaceTheNation: Bernie Sanders: If Sandra Bland were white, her death “would not have happened” 
There is nothing that is more important than passing on an earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation where we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Nearly two-thirds of the electorate didn't vote in 2014. It's clear we need radical change to bring more people into the political system.
The Koch brothers intend to spend $750 million on this election. That's more than either the Democratic or Republican Party will spend.
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent.
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
You have families out there paying 6, 8, 10 percent on student debt but you can refinance your homes at 3 percent. What sense is that?
We have a major health care crisis. 29 million Americans still have no health insurance and millions more can't afford to go to the doctor.
Why is it that the United States today is the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right?
I believe we stand together to address the real issues facing this country, not allow them to divide us by race or where we come from.
We must bring people together to take on the powerful who've hurt the middle class. Trump is trying to play on fears and divide us up.
Merry Christmas from the Sanders family! 
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We need to take steps to protect children and families, not cast them out.
Blacks are imprisoned at six times the rate of whites. That is unacceptable.
I consider reforming our criminal justice system one of the most important things we must do.
I want the word to go out to every kid that if you study hard, regardless of your family's income, you will be able to go to college.
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
I want a new foreign policy that destroys ISIS but does not get us involved in perpetual warfare in the quagmire of the Middle East.
We have a campaign finance system which is corrupt. 
NEWS: Following Sanders Investigation, Vermont Secures Discount on Life-Saving Drug 
I do not want to be liked by everybody. I want to be liked and supported by working families because I am going to take on Wall Street.
Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the hand full of billionaires.
We've got a corrupt campaign finance system in which millionaires and billionaires are heavily influencing the political process.
Sen. Bernie Sanders: To Rein In Wall Street, Fix the Fed  
I do not want to be liked by everybody. There comes a time when you have to take on the establishment and not be part of that establishment.
Regime change without worrying about what happens the day after you get rid of the dictator doesn't make sense. 
Wall Street is a threat to the economy. They've got to be broken up.
Scapegoating minorities is not going to solve the problems facing our country.
We need to reform a very broken criminal justice system. 
We are going to provide free tuition to public colleges and universities by imposing a tax on Wall Street speculation.
The greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and is destroying the lives of millions of Americans.
We cannot just destroying ISIS. We must make sure we do it in a way that leads to a better future and more stability in the region.
The greed of corporate America is destroying our economy. They've got to be confronted. We need changes in the power structure of America.
We need pay equity for women workers. Women should not be making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men.
People are looking at Washington, and they're saying the rich are getting much richer, I'm getting poorer, what are you doing about it?
In my view, we have got to see that weapons designed by the military to kill people are not in the hands of civilians.
Three out of four of the largest banks are larger today than when we bailed them out. If they're too big to fail they're too big to exist.
Countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar have got to step up to the plate to contribute money and troops to destroy ISIS with American support.
I know I have been considered to be very, very radical but on almost every issue that I’m talking about there is vast support among people.
The greed of corporate America and Wall Street is destroying the economy of the United States. These guys have got to be confronted.
We are living in a country that is moving quite rapidly toward an economic and political oligarchy, where a handful of people have control.
Understand that Donald Trump thinks a low minimum wage in America is a good idea. He thinks low wages are a good idea.
Martin Luther King Jr. was right when he said: “This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor."
True freedom does not occur without economic security. In other words, people are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family.
In the United States today, we have more income and wealth inequality than at any time since 1928. Anyone think that makes sense?
The minimum wage was originally described as “socialist.”  Today it is seen as the foundation of the middle class.
The great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. We must address this economic and moral issue.
Congress must pass legislation that make our rigged political and economic systems work for the vast majority of Americans not just the 1%.
The truth is we can't afford another spending package that expands the billionaire class's power and wealth at the expense of everyone else.
NEWS: Sanders Opposes Spending Package 
The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage.
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1%. We must make our economy work for the 99%.
In the year 2015, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.
In my view, and I feel this very strongly, instead of locking up our young people, maybe it’s time we found jobs and education for them.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that healthcare is a right of all, and not a privilege.
Let's not let demagogues divide us up by our religion or the country that we come from.
The invasion of Iraq was a horrendous mistake. I don't want to see that repeated. I don't want to see the US going alone into the region.
The US is the only major country that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been an unmitigated disaster.
NEWS: Skyrocketing Generic Drug Prices Cost Taxpayers $ Billion, New Report Finds  
It's time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country on earth in saying no to the death penalty.
Today's News: Sanders calls Fed rate hike bad news for working families &amp; talks foreign policy with Andrea Mitchell: 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1%. The system is rigged and held in place by corrupt politics where billionaires buy elections.
I am calling on all of us in public life and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred, to say “no” to those who promote this hatred.
It is time to say enough is enough. It is time to end religious bigotry. It is time to build a nation in which we all stand together.
The Fed should act with the same sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class as it did to bail out Wall Street 7 years ago.
Sen. Sanders: The Federal Reserve’s decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families. 
I intend to do everything I can, in every way, to combat the xenophobia and racist rhetoric coming from Donald Trump and others.
Watch: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC's @mitchellreports at 12:30 PM
Playing on people’s fears is counterproductive. We cannot continue to label entire people as terrorists or criminals or rapists.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
You have a right to health care regardless of whether you are rich or poor.
America's always been a haven for the oppressed. We cannot shirk the historic role of the US as a protector of vulnerable people. 
We must keep our country safe, but we can do that without undermining the constitutional and privacy rights which make us free. 
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty.
Must Read: Pharma Bro's Latest Move Targets Latinos -@daisyhernandez  
In the richest country in the history of the world people shouldn't have to be working 50 or 60 hours a week to put food on the table.
Just as planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war, so is taking care of the men and women who we sent off to fight the war.
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights. I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society.
We can defeat ISIS without getting ourselves involved in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. 
Young people should be able to get an education regardless of income. What's radical about that?
My nightmare is that 20 or 30 years later, we're still talking about how we get out of Syria and Iraq. 
When people put their lives on the line to defend our country, I believe we have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare
We are one of only 13 nations in the entire world, that doesn’t guarantee workers a paid vacation. Is that a family value?
If we are serious about moving beyond oil toward energy independence and combatting climate change, then we must ban offshore drilling.
Since  Congress has done nothing to prevent this senseless violence from happening again. That is unacceptable. We must act now.
For the Kochs, $100 billion is not good enough. They will not be satisfied until they are able to control the entire political process.
Greed, unquenchable greed, is destroying our country. And a few people cannot have it all, while children in America go hungry.
If we do not change the system, a black male born today stands a one in four chance of spending time in prison. That is unacceptable.
Greed is destroying our economy. What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us not just the top 1%.
At the end of the day, providing a path to go to college is a helluva lot cheaper than putting people on a path to jail.
We have a Republican Party which is much more interested in contributions from the fossil fuel industry than about the future of the planet.
We are the only major nation in the world that doesn’t guarantee paid time off for new parents. That's a travesty. It's an embarrassment.
We’ve got to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and fight for legislation that transforms our energy system away from fossil fuels.
Instead of listening to the demands of the pharmaceutical industry, it is time that Congress started listening to the American people.
While the  is a step forward it goes nowhere near far enough. The planet is in crisis. We need bold action now.
The federal government will make $110 billion in profit on student loan programs over the next decade. This is morally wrong.
Citizens United has enabled billionaires &amp; special interests to increasingly control the political system &amp; amounts to legalized bribery.
RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders wants to take the money from carbon taxes and use it to help working and lower class families …
I don’t think it’s a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege.
Sadly, in America today, it is very expensive to be poor.
Why do Republicans refuse to acknowledge the reality of climate change? Simple. They receive billions of dollars from fossil fuel companies.
RT @OversightDems: .@MartinShkreli: How did you pay for that $2 million @WuTangClan album?  
How irresponsible can we be to ignore what the entire scientific community is saying?
If we're serious about dealing with the threat of climate change, we need to end polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollution.
During difficult times as Americans, we cannot succumb to racism. We will not allow ourselves to be divided and succumb to Islamophobia.
A working person making $12,000 a year is in no way equal in political power to somebody who is the head of a large corporation or bank.
At a time when elderly women are more likely than men to be living in poverty, we must expand--not cut--social security.
Bernie meets the Bernie Bear. 
RT @alliegrasgreen: .@RonWyden bill would ban feds from garnishing Social Security to collect student debt:  And @Se…
 to when Sen. Sanders stood for  hours straight to defend working families. Hope you don't have plans tonight 
To combat climate change it is absolutely vital that we do what many economists tell us we must and that is put a price on carbon.
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill to Cut Carbon Emissions 80 Percent  
RT @cspan: : @SenSanders Filibuster on Tax Cuts  2010    
RT @Earthjustice: @SenSanders TY for your bill, shining a light on  helping communities overburdened with pollution https://…
We are not going back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy.
We cannot turn away from people who are fleeing Syria and Iraq with just the clothes on their backs. The world must respond. 
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end. 
Corporations cannot be allowed to stash their money in the Cayman Islands. We have to reinvest in America &amp; make education available to all.
There's been a massive transfer of wealth from the 99% to the top 1%. We've got to bring that money back to working families.
We have 47 million people living in poverty, 36% of African-American children are living in poverty. This is an issue we must deal with.
The immigrant detention &amp; deportation machine has resulted in the unjust policy of separating hundreds of thousands of families. It must end
Nearly 50 million Americans had trouble paying their medical bills last year. When you go to the hospital you shouldn't emerge in bankruptcy
The fight for minority voting rights is a fight for justice. It is inseparable from the struggle for democracy itself.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug. 
RT @nytopinion: .@nytopinion readers had questions for Bernie Sanders. Here's the one he answered:  …
Throughout history we’ve had demagogues trying to divert attention away from the real issues. Now Donald Trump is trying to divide us up.
I don't think it's very hard to understand that terrorists or potential terrorists should not have guns.
We have got to be as aggressive as we can in destroying ISIS, but we have to learn the lessons of the past. That means we cannot do it alone
As we transform our energy system, we must act to help fossil fuel workers transition to new clean-energy jobs. 
It’s time for climate action that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires &amp; accelerates our transition to clean energy 
It is time for us to invest in technologies that are cutting greenhouse gas emissions. 
We need a budget that will ensure pay equity for women workers. It is unacceptable that women earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns.
.@SenTedCruz's climate denial hearing is dangerous &amp; irresponsible. We must take bold action to stop climate change. 
People who are barred from flying on airplanes should not have guns.
We need to make police departments look like the communities they serve.
If men gave birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Major Clean Energy Jobs Package  
As we transition to renewable energy, we have a moral responsibility to help working families in the fossil fuel industry find new jobs.
RT @MaddowBlog: Senator Bernie Sanders joins Rachel Maddow on tomorrow night's show, 9pm ET. 
If we keep burning fossil fuels we'll experience cataclysmic consequences. We must leave the vast majority of fossil fuels in the ground.
If we're serious about lowering the cost of energy, combatting climate change and cutting carbon emissions, we must ban offshore drilling.
The United States is a great nation when we stand together. We are a weak nation when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us.
Now, Trump and others want us to hate all Muslims.
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race, gender, sexual orientation or country of origin.
Drilling in the Arctic Circle and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge at a time when we face a serious climate emergency is unthinkable.
It’s time to take on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerate our transition to clean energy and put people before the profits of polluters.
RT @TIME: Bernie Sanders wins readers’ poll for TIME Person of the Year 
The fossil fuel industry spends billions of dollars buying candidates to block progress on climate change. 
What does the fossil fuel industry get in exchange for all their money? Friends who make it harder to take action to fight climate change.
Sadly, we now have a Republican Party that is more concerned about protecting the profits of Exxon, BP and Shell than protecting the planet.
As we destroy ISIS, it's essential that we do not allow fear and division to undermine the constitutional rights that make us a free people.
President Obama is right. ISIS will be destroyed with an international coalition. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Obama Oval Office Address 
We cannot and should not be trapped in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. 
We cannot and should not sweep up millions of people, many of whom have been here for years, and throw them out of the country.
There must be no new offshore drilling. Not now, not ever. 
"Our common home is being pillaged, laid waste and harmed with impunity." - Pope Francis 
We must say to the fossil fuel industry: "Sorry, your short term profits are less important than the future of our planet.”
If we are serious about protecting out planet, we must end polluter welfare.  
Before the passage of the ACA, 45,000 Americans died every year because they lacked health insurance. We cannot go back to those dark days.
We have a major crisis in opiate addiction. We need a revolution in mental health treatment so all people can get the help they need.
When you are sick, you should be able to access health care and see a doctor. That is not a radical idea.
When youth unemployment and underemployment is at 30 or 40 or 50% we need to invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.
We need a budget that tells Wall Street and the billionaire class that they have to start paying their fair share of taxes.
Today in America, as the middle class continues to disappear, median family income is $4,100 less than it was in 1999.
RT @Earthjustice: @SenSanders TY for standing against attacks on our air, water, lands &amp; wildlife!   https:…
I am confident that the Supreme Court will support the president’s authority to defend aspiring Americans.
NEWS: Sanders, Congressional Democrats File Amicus Brief Supporting Obama’s Immigration Executive Actions 
If we can import lettuce from Mexico, why can't we import safe and affordable prescription drugs from Canada. 
The reason why the American people are angry is that Congress is not addressing the real problems that are impacting Americans every day.
Last year, nearly one in five Americans – 35 million people – did not get their prescriptions filled because they did not have enough money.
When there are major crises facing our country, why are we debating a bill that throws 17 million Americans off health insurance?
The American people are angry because Congress is not addressing the real problems that are impacting their lives each and every day.
The defunding of Planned Parenthood is part of a long-term smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Common-Sense Gun Safety Legislation 
We must greatly expand and improve our mental health capabilities so individuals and families can get help they need when they need it.
We need to strengthen penalties for straw purchasers who buy guns from licensed dealers on behalf of people prohibited from buying a gun.
We need to close loopholes that allow domestic abusers and stalkers to obtain guns.
We need to close the gun show loophole.
The vast majority of the American people support gun safety legislation. Congress must act now. 
We need to make gun trafficking a federal crime and give law enforcement the tools they need to get illegal guns off the streets.
We need to renew the assault weapons ban. We need to end the sale of high capacity magazines
We need universal background checks – something that is supported by 90% of the American people and the vast majority of gun owners.
We need sensible legislation that prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
The San Bernardino shooting was the 355th mass shooting this year.  Gun violence has reached epidemic levels in the US. It must end.
Mass shootings are becoming an almost-everyday occurrence in this country. This sickening and senseless gun violence must stop.
We must stop the war on Planned Parenthood and make sure women have the ability to control their own bodies 
Republicans must end the witch-hunt against Planned Parenthood, which provides critical health care to millions of Americans 
RT @micnews: Bernie Sanders just took a powerful stand for Planned Parenthood on the Senate floor  …
RT @BonnieNorthGP: Bernie Sanders: GOP Candidates Care More About Koch Money Than Preserving the Planet for Our Children …
Must Read: How an $84,000 drug got its price: ‘Let’s hold our position … whatever the headlines’ -@Carolynyjohnson 
It is time to enact prescription drug policies that work for everyone, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
We cannot let our students leave school with a burdensome mountain of debt. Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free.
The pope was right when he said climate change is getting worse and that unless we act "we are at the limits of suicide." 
In America, millionaires and billionaires should not be able to buy elections. We must overturn Citizens United.
By sitting down at the front of the bus, Rosa Parks inspired a whole nation to demand change. 
NEWS: Sanders Slams Republican Budget  
Instead of defunding Planned Parenthood, we should be expanding it so that every woman in this country gets the health care she needs.
Instead of throwing 17 million Americans off health insurance, we should expand on the ACA to make health care a right, not a privilege.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Health Care - LIVE on C-SPAN2   
Coming up Sen. Sanders will speak on the floor to lead the Democratic opposition to the GOP budget. Watch: 
The biggest problem in caring for those with AIDS is no longer a scientific problem, the crisis is access to affordable drugs. 
NEWS:  Must Lead on Climate Change, Sanders Says   
It is morally wrong when the federal government makes over $1 billion on student loan programs. Student loan interest rates must be lowered.
We must take on the pharmaceutical industry that is ripping off Americans, so people can afford the drugs they need to live. 
NEWS: On , Sanders Demands Affordable Drugs: 
The scientific community could not be clearer. Climate change is real, man-made and causing severe damage that we can no longer ignore.
We need to put together a broad coalition including the strong participation of the Muslim countries in the region to fight ISIS.
Republicans must start worrying about the planet they will leave their kids, not the contributions they get from the fossil fuel industry.
Congratulations Spc. Skylar Anderson on becoming America's first female combat engineer! 
We must tell Republicans: No, we will not cut Social Security benefits for the elderly and disabled veterans. We must expand benefits.
Must Read: How Walmart Keeps an Eye on Its Massive Workforce -@susanberfield  
We are living in a rigged economy. Corporate profits  are soaring while millions of our children live in poverty.
We can create 13 million good-paying jobs by investing $1 trillion into rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. 
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans. 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
We must modernize our infrastructure and create millions of new jobs that will help the economy. My plan: 
My goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails and do away with mandatory-minimum sentencing.
I despise appeals to nativism and prejudice and believe in immigration reform that gives aspiring Americans a pathway to citizenship.
Pope Francis: "Rampant capitalism has taught us the logic of profit at all " 
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
RT @BigBoi: Bernie Sanders introduces bill ending federal marijuana ban  … via @HuffPostPol vote …
We are one world and one people. And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering.
We must give people confidence that we have a criminal-justice system that works for all, regardless of their wealth or power.
RT @NYTNational: As a mayor, Bernie Sanders joined hands with Republicans to get things done  
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and its work and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Colorado Planned Parenthood Shooting  
You have millions of families today who do not know how they're gonna feed their kids tonight. That is a fact.
The Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans combined. 
Every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.  
By taxing Wall Street speculators, we can save middle-class families sending kids to college an average of $9,400 a year.
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care.
As we gather with our loved ones to give thanks today, we should reflect on the fact that not all families will be so lucky.
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. On these values, our country deserves better.
"The third freedom is freedom from want." -President Franklin Delano Roosevelt 
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. The big banks are just too powerful.
RT @nytpolitics: As mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist.  
The first piece must be putting an end to the killing of African Americans by police officers.
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century.
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral, economic and political issue of our time.
99% of all new income generated today goes to the top 1%. Does anybody think that that is the kind of economy this country should have?
Too many girls and women are still suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse and that must end. 
We can't forget the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows. We must enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
It is absurd that corporations are allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
When the United States is the only developed country without mandatory paid sick leave, the American people and the economy suffer.
A real family value is when new parents are allowed to stay home with their newborn children.
More than a third of senior citizens depend on Social Security for virtually all of their income. We must expand, not cut Social Security
NEWS: Sanders is the most popular senator in America with an approval rating of 83% 
RT @ConsultReid: We asked 76k people whether they approve of the job their sens are doing. Sen with highest rating: Bernie Sanders. https:/…
The Koch brothers will spend more money on this campaign than either the Democrats or GOP. That is oligarchy and will only get worse.
Today's News: Sanders calls on Obama administration to block Pfizer tax dodge 
When a parent is forced to send their sick child to school because they cannot
afford to stay home with that child that isn't a family value
When millions of people stand up and fight we win. Thanks for being one of our 1 million followers on Twitter! 
We not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Today, in America, median family income, is $4,100 less than it was in 1999. 
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs 
NEWS: Sanders Condemns Pfizer-Allergan Merger  
It is not a radical idea to say that if somebody works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Must Read: If America really valued mothers, we wouldn’t treat them like this -@ezraklein  
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while veterans sleep out on the streets.
When over half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings, we shouldn't be talking about cutting Social Security. We should be expand it
In America today, we should not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on earth.
One in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
If Teddy Roosevelt, a good Republican, were alive today, you know what he'd say? "Break up the big banks." And he would be right.
When we put money into the hands of working people, they're going to buy goods and they're going to create jobs in doing that.
As a result of a corrupt campaign finance system Congress isn't listening to the American people. It's listening to the big money interests.
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.
The US is the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege. That is an embarrassment.
If you're gonna work 40 hours a week, you shouldn't live in poverty. We have to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
People should not be using the political process to inject racism into the debate.
Billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than nurses or truck drivers. That makes no sense at all.
Must Read: Specialty drugs now cost more than the median household income-@Carolynyjohnson  
Democratic socialism means that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy.
RT @MaxEhrenfreund: Bernie Sanders is right: The top  percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent  …
Too many people have suffered and too many people have died for us to continue to hear racist words coming from major political leaders.
Donald Trump's statement is outrageous and bigoted. We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution. 
I don't believe in special treatment for the top  
RT @MoveOn: 's @SenSanders shows the world that !    
We need an international effort to eliminate the stain of ISIS from the world.

When 63% of people don’t vote and 80% of young people don’t vote, that's not a democratic system.
When Wall Street regulates Congress, when their business model is fraud, it becomes obvious that Wall Street doesn’t play by the rules.
Democratic Socialism means that we must reform our political system which is not only grossly unfair but, in many respects, corrupt.
The drug companies never lose. As a result, we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
We have legislation that would create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding crumbling infrastructure – roads, bridges, rail, and airports.
Real freedom must include economic security. 
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric. But we are a strong enough nation to say we’re not going to lose who we are as a people.
RT @POTUS: Slamming the door in the face of refugees would betray our deepest values. That's not who we are. And it's not what we're going …
If we turn our backs on refugees, we will be destroying what this country is supposed to be about.

We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel while also protecting the workers in those industries.
When the people are not involved, politicians respond to lobbyists and donors. When people speak up, we can make Congress work for families.
The top 4 pharmaceutical companies made $57 billion in profits last year and spent more on sales and marketing than research &amp; development
If you think it is too expensive to take care of our veterans, don't send them to war.

We bailed out Wall Street. It's their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free.
Now is the time to unite the world in an organized campaign against ISIS that will eliminate the stain of ISIS from this world
It is an embarrassment that with few exceptions Republicans refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
Today’s vote to block the Clean Power Plan is a reminder that Republicans are more concerned with campaign contributions than our planet.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Effort to Repeal Clean Power Plan  
In the last 30 years there has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction.
We spend over $600 billion a year on the military yet, significantly less than 10% of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine. 
Dr. Califf has deeper ties to pharma than any FDA commissioner in recent history.  
Let’s be clear: a life saving prescription drug does not do anyone any good if they cannot afford to fill that prescription.
.@sam_baker FDA has the authority to import drugs from Canada, allowing Americans to buy the exact same drugs for less.
NEWS: Sanders Questions FDA Nominee With Deep Pharma Ties: 
Millions of Americans can't afford to purchase drugs they need. We need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to pharmaceutical companies.
Sen. Sanders will talk with @katiecouric on @YahooNews at 1 PM ET.  Watch live here: 
RT @washingtonpost: What Americans thought of Jewish refugees on the eve of World War II  
Sen. Sanders will attend the hearing on new FDA commissioner nominee today at 10 AM. Watch live here: 
We must do what we do best and that is be Americans – fighting racism, fighting xenophobia, fighting fear.
Today's News: Sanders opposes banning Syrian refugees &amp; highlights his support for paid family leave 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today.
It's unconscionable that millions of new parents are forced back to work because they can't afford to stay home with their newborn babies.
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt.
We have a moral responsibility to prevent the most severe climate change impacts that fall overwhelmingly upon the poor and most vulnerable
Must Read: Found too late: Cancer preys on rural Americans -@laura_ungar 
No one should go bankrupt or skip getting the care they need because they cannot afford it
If we think a new trade deal, based on the same principles as the old agreements, is going to bring different results,  we are very wrong.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans.  It has got to stop.
Employees working full time in the  Senate should not be living in poverty. 
We must preserve a woman's right to control her own body. 
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders goes to bat for Senate cafeteria workers  
RT @greenhousenyt: Sanders &amp; dozens of Dem Senators urge contractor that runs Senate cafeteria to end its coercive anti-union tactics. http…
In America today, we are seeing the richest getting richer, and almost everyone else becoming poorer. Enough is enough!
NEWS: Sanders, Senate Leaders Tell Senate Contractor to Let Workers Organize  
We cannot let our grandchildren wonder why we did nothing about climate change. We must take bold action to transform our energy system now.
Today's News: Inspired by Sanders, students at over a hundred colleges staged marches in support of free tuition 
I'll do all I can to make sure the US doesn't get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq, one of our worst foreign policy blunders
Citizens United has opened up the road to oligarchy in the United States. This is a real danger to American democracy.
RT @DaniDougPost: Read how @SenSanders inspired   
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt.
As a nation of immigrants, it is our moral duty to make a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million people living in the shadows.
The bloated Pentagon budget continues to pour money into outdated weapons systems that don’t function properly. That has got to change.
Americans are becoming much sicker and in some cases dying because they cannot afford the drugs they're prescribed. 
How is it that we can afford to allow 1 in 4 major corporations to not pay federal income taxes but we can't afford to help our veterans?
If you can't afford to take care of your veterans then you do not go to war.
We have a moral obligation to keep our promise to provide for every veteran and their families. 
If patriotism or love of country means anything, it means that we do not now, or ever, turn our backs on those who defended us. 
RT @danmericaCNN: Bernie Sanders marches in a Veterans Day parade in Lebanon, NH. 
America becomes a stronger nation when we stand together as one people and say no to all forms of racism and bigotry.
Today, as we honor the brave men and women who risk their lives to defend us, we must commit to care for our veterans every day of the year.
Today's News: Sanders joined the  yesterday to demand a $15 minimum wage and a union 
The average CEO now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker. 
The $ an hour federal minimum wage is a starvation wage. It has got to be raised to a living wage!

We cannot and should not sweep up millions of poeple – many of whom have been in the US for years – and throw them out of the country.
RT @AP_Politics: In the rain, Sen. Bernie Sanders rallies Capitol workers over pay: 

American immigration policy should be about uniting families, not separating families.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Immigration Ruling  
NEWS: Sanders Votes Against Increasing Defense Spending  
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thank you @SenSanders for standing with federal contract workers in their !  …
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds minimum wage rally on Capitol Hill   
RT @GoodJobsNation: People in this country who work for a living deserve a living wage! -@SenSanders   …
In the year 2015, a job has got to lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.  
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet. 
Today’s News: Sanders stands with striking workers  
America has always been a haven for the oppressed. We cannot shirk the historic role of the US as a protector of those fleeing persecution.
I stand with the thousands of workers on strike today to demand $15 and a union. 
Companies should not be making profits by incarcerating people in this country.
Democracy means one person one vote. It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision.
Must Read: Climate Change Could Push Over 100 Million Into Extreme Poverty by 2030 -@Karl_Ritter 
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
RT @Reinlwapo: Postal warrior:Bernie Sanders's passion for the prosaic — or why the Post Office is part of what makes America great https:/…
.@MartinShkreli You must complete all sections of the application in order to be considered for the position.  -Staff
When you organize at the grassroots level that's when change takes place.  
Want to intern for Sen. Sanders? Make sure you finish your application by Friday: 
It is not an American value to talk about rounding up millions of people and throwing them out of the country. That is xenophobia.
Today's News: Sanders' crusade to save the postal service is a powerful emblem of what can work in government 
We have got to move toward public funding of elections so that candidates in the future are not dependent on big money interests.
Make no mistake: The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women. We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose.
If the Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
Pope Francis: "The quality of a  also judged by how it treats elderly people." 
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
I want to invest in jobs and education for our young people rather than jails and incarceration.
If our country stands for anything it must be that we do everything we can to protect those who put their lives on the line to protect us.
We have to end this absurd voter suppression which is intentionally denying low-income people, people of color &amp; seniors the ability to vote
In my view, Democrats will not win unless we run campaigns which generate excitement and momentum and which produces a large voter turnout.
Anybody who suppresses the vote, who intentionally tries to keep people from voting, is a political coward. They are undermining democracy.
Democratic socialism means having a government that represents the needs of the vast majority of Americans rather than just the top 1%.
Are you a Vermonter interested in interning for Sen. Sanders? Apply by Nov. 13: 
As someone who has led the opposition to  from Day 1, I strongly applaud the president's decision to kill this project.
It's insane to support the excavation and transportation of some of the dirtiest fuel. I strongly applaud the decision to kill .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. That is unacceptable.
Today’s News: ExxonMobil under investigation after Sanders called for inquiry, continues opposing . 
RT @nytopinion: Has the tipping point finally come for marijuana legislation?  
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights. 
Senior citizens in America should not have to choose between food, medicine or heating their homes. 
RT @mmcauliff: @SenSanders and Tammy Baldwin want to take back ceremonial Apache lands that Congress gave to a foreign mine firm. https://t…
The evidence suggests Exxon lied about climate change to protect their profits. If it's true, they broke the law. 
We need to rebuild the disappearing middle class, not tear it down.
I will do everything I can to defeat the .  We need trade policies in this country that work for working families, not just CEOs.
NEWS: Bad Trade Deal 'Worse Than I Thought,' Sanders Says about : 
RT @thinkprogress: Bernie Sanders: Obama should reject Keystone now  
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield.
NEWS: Sanders, Baldwin Drop Bill to Stop Land Giveaway, Protect Native American Place of Worship:  
NEWS: Senators Introduce Legislation to Boost Social Security and Other Critical Benefits for Seniors, Veterans: 
If we're ser­i­ous about cli­mate change, we can’t just talk the talk, we've got to walk the walk and take on power­ful special interests.
It is unacceptable that millions of senior citizens and disabled veterans did not receive a cost-of-living adjustment this year.
Today’s News: Sanders, Merkley introduce bill to ban new drilling on public lands. 
We have to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to sustainable energy.
The Koch brothers do not want to make life better for ordinary people.

RT @WSJPolitics: Bernie Sanders Proposes Ending Federal Marijuana Ban 
News: Sanders, Merkley Introduces Bill to Ban New Drilling on Public Land  
RT @MorningEdition: .@NPRinskeep is out talking with @SenSanders this afternoon. Tune in to hear their conversation Thursday morning, 11/5.
It is absurd that at a time when we should be cutting carbon emissions, we are instead extracting even more fossil fuels on public lands.
We have a moral responsibility to act to reverse global warming.  
To Republicans who reject the science on climate change, I say worry less about your campaign contributions and more about your children.
To avoid a temperature increase of 5-10° in the next century 80% of the world’s fossil fuels must stay in the ground 
RT @SenJeffMerkley: LIVE NOW—Speaking w/@SenSanders @BillMcKibben to keep fossil fuels in the ground   …
RT @LGamGam: .@SenSanders launches new climate plan to curb US fossil fuel extraction by @suzyji 
RT @MotherJones: Breaking: Bernie Sanders Wants to Ban All New Fossil Fuel Development on Federal Lands  …
Sen. Sanders and @SenJeffMerkley unveil major climate legislation to keep fossil fuels in the ground. Live at Noon: 
What we need now is a political movement of millions of people to transform American society. The same old same old just won't do it.
Today’s News: Sanders joins @allinwithchris, will introduce bill w/ @SenJeffMerkley to ban drilling on public lands: 
It's a disgrace that millions of full-time workers are living in poverty &amp; many more are forced to work 2 or 3 jobs just to pay their bills.
Instead of cutting Social Security or disability programs, as most Republicans want, we need to expand Social Security benefits.
I find it unconscionable that my Republican colleagues are attempting to undermine efforts to keep our water clean. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Clean Water Act: 
Watch Sen. Sanders on MSNBC's @mitchellreports now
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote. 
If we are serious about combating climate change we have to do all we can to prevent the excavation of the dirtiest fossil fuels 
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism. 
African Americans are much more likely to be arrested for using marijuana than will whites. That is unacceptable.

We’re living in a rigged economy where it doesn’t matter how hard you work, the result is that the income goes to the people at the very top
My nightmare is that the United States once again gets caught up in a quagmire in the Middle East that never ends.
All over this country people are working two or three jobs, yet they can’t afford child care or to send their kids to college.
RT @voxdotcom: The budget deal made a change that's good for Medicaid — and bad for Martin Shkreli 
Today's News: Sanders skeptical about president's decision to put special forces on the ground in Syria 
As the largest and most powerful military in the world, we need to use military force as a last resort, not a first option.
RT @BostonGlobe: As Vermont official, Bernie Sanders "got things done"  
Americans have more student debt than credit card or auto-loan debt. That is a tragedy for our young people and our nation.
A key pathway to the middle class runs through college, but rising costs are making it harder for Americans to get the education they need.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders trick or treats with three of his grandchildren in Lebanon, NH. 
Instead of sending American jobs to China, corporate America has got to re-invest in this country and create decent-paying jobs in America.
Instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we need to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent-paying jobs.
Happy Halloween from The Monster! 
FDR: "We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob." 
Real criminal justice reform must include joining every other major democracy in eliminating the death penalty.
We must demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies.
We need to expand Social Security to make sure every American can retire in dignity.
Rising costs are making it harder and harder for ordinary Americans to get the education they want and need. 
In 2014, there were 620,000 marijuana possession arrests. That’s one every minute.
Today's News: Sanders calls for end to death penalty &amp; federal prohibition on marijuana 
Sen. Sanders calls for reforms to fix our broken criminal justice system. Watch: 
We must go beyond the doctrine of revenge. 
With so much violence in this world today, I just don't think the state itself should be in the business of killing people.
RT @cspan: WATCH: @SenSanders remarks on Criminal Justice Reform  
NEWS: Sanders Calls for End to Death Penalty During Senate Speech on Criminal Justice Reform. 
The State, in a democratic, civilized society, should itself not be involved in the murder of other Americans.
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Criminal Justice Reform – LIVE on C-SPAN2  
It is time to stop pushing so many people – disproportionately people of color – into the criminal justice system. 
Sen. Sanders is headed to the Senate floor to discuss criminal justice reform &amp; his opposition to the death penalty: 
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as we do, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
RT @EJDionne: Good for PaulRyan for wanting family time. He could (&amp; should) show empathy by backing paid family leave. My column
https://t…
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs.
Today’s News: Sanders stands up against Islamophobia, calls for removing marijuana from list of illegal drugs. 
A lot of Republican candidates talk about family values. What they are saying is that no woman should have the right to control her own body
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change.
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. That has got to change.
RT @Wonkblog: Why Bernie Sanders’ marijuana proposal would be a big deal 
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders will propose nixing marijuana from federal list of dangerous drugs, freeing states to legalize it https://…
If the Ex-Im Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the US, it should be eliminated. 
In my view, a two-year budget deal gives us time to focus on the most important issues confronting our nation. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Budget Deal: 
Democrats win when people come out. Republicans win when their big money buys low voter turnout elections.
Today’s News: Sanders votes against cybersecurity bill, leads fight to stop skyrocketing drug prices. 
We've got to stand with unions and tell corporate America and the billionaires in this country they cannot have it all.
Republicans win when voter turnout is low. When people become demoralized. When they don't think their vote matters.
Must read: Greenland Is Melting Away -@nytimes 
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn’t be the price we pay for security.
It is totally unacceptable that Americans are drowning in $ trillion in student loan debt. 
The American people are angry because they know this recession was not caused by the middle class and working families of this country.
Congratulations to @SenatorLeahy not only on 15,000 votes but on your many years of service to the people of Vermont

RT @SenatorLeahy: Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont casts his 15,000th vote in the United States 
The  government must defend our most valuable and personal information without violating our privacy.
People have a right to make a telephone call without that information being collected by the government.
Today’s News: Sanders joins @TheView, marches with workers, announces transportation grant for VT. 
Parents should have the right to stay home with their newborn baby for at least 3 months with paid family leave.

RT @CharlieRoseShow: A chance meeting outside the @charlierose studio! Tune in to @PBS tonight to see @SenSanders for the full hour. https:…
Tragically, in America today we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
RT @MaddowBlog: Bernie Sanders, in-studio with Rachel tonight! 
This country belongs to all of us, not just wealthy campaign donors.
RT @bfouhy: Tonight, @maddow hosts Bernie Sanders. Tune in at 9pm ET
$ is a starvation wage, which must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage.
A college degree today is the equivalent of a high school degree 50 years ago. We need tuition-free public colleges.

Watch Bernie on @TheView. Today at 11 AM ET
RT @sierraclub: How Exxon went from leader to skeptic on climate change research:  (via @latimes) 
I worry very much that our country, both economically and politically, is sliding into oligarchy.
Today’s News: Sanders asks the Department of Justice to investigate Exxon Mobil: 
The Defense of Marriage Act was simply homophobic legislation. 
"We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all of our children." -@VP 
It makes no sense that you can get an auto loan with an interest rate of  but millions of college graduates are forced to pay 7% or more
The future of America is with our children. How can we have a great country if we aren’t educating our children the way we should?
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's @CNNSotu, today at 9 AM &amp; 12 PM ET
Must Read: Climate Change Could Wreck the Global Economy -@JustinWorland 
A mom and a dad should have the right to at least a couple of weeks of paid vacation so they can spend quality time with their kids.
The American people understand that our current economic system is rigged, and that our campaign finance system is corrupt.
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's @CNNSotu, tomorrow at 9AM &amp; 12PM ET
RT @HuffingtonPost: Bernie Sanders wants to bring back your 40-hour workweek  
We must not cut programs that the elderly, children, sick, poor and working families desperately depend upon. 
America stands ready to provide everything the people of Mexico need as they endure the strongest hurricane in recorded history. -B
As a nation, we are going to have to answer whether it's morally &amp; economically acceptable that so few have so much &amp; so many have so little
When millions of seniors are trying to survive on incomes of $12,000 a year, we must resist Republican efforts to cut Social Security.
"Wall Street should not believe that they can get blood from a stone." -Bernie

You simply cannot get blood from a stone.  
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s station.
Today's News: Sanders slams vulture funds ripping off Puerto Rico, calls for bold action to rebuild our middle class 
Puerto Ricans should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of wealthy investors can make even more money. 
In 2002 I heard everything Dick Cheney and others said about the case for going to war in Iraq. I didn't accept it.

Must Read: The Life and Death of an Amazon Warehouse Temp -@jamieson 
It's time to build on the progressive movement of the past and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. 
NEWS: Sanders Slams Vulture Funds Ripping Off Puerto Rico. 
RT @nprcinc: @SenSanders ask the right question - "i have not heard anything about renewable energy" Puerto Rico must become a global leade…
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn’t be the price we pay for security. 
Glad the @FCC acted. It is outrageous that a fifteen-minute phone call could cost upwards
of twelve dollars. 

RT @gallennpr: Sen. Bernie Sanders on Puerto Rico debt: "Wall Street can't get blood from a stone!" More tonight on @npratc
Bernie explains why he wants to make public college tuition-free. Watch: 
RT @RollingStone: Bernie Sanders tells Jimmy Kimmel why "we need to end the war on drugs" 
Sen. Sanders: DOJ Should Investigate Exxon Mobil for misleading public about climate change  
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
Today’s News: Sanders pens op-ed on college affordability in @washingtonpost, calls for  investigation of Exxon: 
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders: America needs free college now  
Let’s be clear: Defaulting on our debt would be a disaster. 
Don't miss Bernie on ABC's @JimmyKimmelLive. Tonight 11:35|10:35c 
Watch Sen. Sanders discuss his call for an investigation into Exxon Mobil's climate change denial on MSNBC's @allinwithchris. Tonight 8-9 PM
NEWS: Sanders Sends Letter to Treasury on Puerto Rico. 
You do not balance the budget on the backs of the most vulnerable people and ask nothing from the wealthy and profitable corporations.
Sanders: Pay our bills and invest in the middle class 
We need a progressive income tax so that billionaires don't end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses. 
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Action on Debt Ceiling, End to Budget Sequestration: 
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? Apply now: 
Republicans talk about "family values" but the US is the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid family leave 
Exxon Mobil knew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet.
Today's News: Sanders asks DOJ to investigate Exxon Mobil for misleading the public about climate change 
RT @ProPublica: Following a @ProPublica + @NPR investigation, lawmakers incl. @SenSanders call for a plan to protect injured workers https:…
RT @lbarronlopez: Bernie Sanders wants DOJ to investigate "potential fraud" by Exxon over climate research  via @Huf…
There has been mass redistribution of wealth from the middle class to the top one-tenth of 1%. 
RT @TheAtlantic: Bernie Sanders's highly sensible plan to turn post offices into banks  
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Probe into Exxon Mobil Claims on Climate Change  
We've seen a rapid movement toward oligarchy, toward a government owned and controlled by a handful of extremely wealthy families.
It's a national disgrace that so many qualified young Americans do not go to college because they cannot afford it. 
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America.
Today’s News: Sanders leads push against pharmaceutical companies raising prices for life-saving drugs. 
We have a moral responsibility to lead the world and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
What you have is an economy that is rigged. Heads Wall Street wins and tails the average Americans are losers.
One of the biggest mistakes our government made after the financial crisis was not prosecuting the people responsible.
As a result of disastrous trade deals, more than 60,000 American factories have been shuttered since 2000.
China – not exactly seen as a model when it comes to human rights – provides 14 weeks of paid maternity leave. The US provides zero.
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders joins @ThisWeekABC, pushes for expanding . 
Anyone 18 years of age or older should be automatically registered to vote. 
More than half of workers between the ages of 55 and 64 have no retirement savings at all. We must ensure everyone can retire with dignity.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt.
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of its people as a right of citizenship.
"Masses of people find themselves excluded and marginalized." -@pontifex 
The only way we really transform America is through a political revolution. 
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right.
RT @nytimes: What could raising taxes on the 1% do? Surprising amounts. 
We need comprehensive immigration reform &amp; a path towards citizenship to take 11 million undocumented people in America out of the shadows.
Watch Sen. Sanders on ABC's @ThisWeekABC, Sunday morning. Check your local listings:  
RT @AIDSHealthcare: AHF Backs @SenSanders Call on US &amp; @WTO to Back Waiver of Drug Patents in Poor Countries  http://…
RT @RealTimers: "The function of health care should be to provide quality care for all people, not to provide huge profits." - @SenSanders …
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations. 
100 years ago we said every kid should be able to get a high school education for free. The same is true of a college education today.
RT @gerrymullany: Bernie Sanders's plan to reform Social Security called 'quite mainstream' by bipartisan expert: 
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. We have to break up the big banks.
Must Read: The American middle class is worse off compared to others around the world -@Wonkblog: 
Today’s News: Sanders joins @TheEllenShow, calls for expansion of Social Security. 
How many billions will be used to elect candidates who only represent the rich and the super rich?
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians.
Must Read:  Why Is the CBO Concocting a Phony Debt Crisis? -@AriRabinHavt:  
RT @civilrightsorg: We imagine this would be @SenSanders' reaction if Republicans helped , a historically bipartisan law. htt…
RT @RealTimers: Who's ready to ? @SenSanders returns to  with @BillMaher Friday @ 10pm!   …
Our job must be to expand, not cut, Social Security. 
RT @splcenter: The VRA is critical to help expand voting access in states that need it the most.  
If we believe in a vibrant democracy, we want to have the highest voter turnout in the world 
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process 
Out of 185 countries, the  is one of only two that does not grant paid maternity leave. Papua New Guinea is the other.
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders to join @TheEllenShow today to talk income inequality. 
I want Wall Street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a Wall Street speculation tax.
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change, the planet we'll leave our kids may well not be habitable. That is a major crisis.
I do not consider myself part of the casino-capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little.
Today’s News: NY’s AG begins inquiry into whether Turing Pharmaceuticals restricted access to life-saving medicine. 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
If you're serious about climate change, you cannot encourage the excavation and transportation of very dirty oil.
Must Read: Just 158 families have provided nearly half the money for efforts to capture the White House -@nytimes 
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans.
FDR: "Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us." 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
When you organize at the grassroots level, whether it's gay rights or raising the minimum wage  that's when change takes place.
We must work with China, Russia and India to transition away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy

We are tired and we are embarrassed seeing children in elementary schools slaughtered and young people on college campuses shot.
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it. 
Just 6 huge financial institutions have assets of nearly $10 trillion, equal to nearly 60% of GDP. 
Today, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo are 80% larger today than they were a year before the taxpayers bailed them out.
Must Read: Demolishing The 7 Myths Propping Up Fossil Fuels - @HuffingtonPost 
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say break 'em up. And he would be right. 
The Week in Review: Sanders introduces a bill to make it easier to join a union, slams Turing Pharmaceuticals: 
Martin Shkreli is holding hostage the patients who rely on this lifesaving medication by charging unconscionable prices just because he can.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is a public health hazard to the American people.
RT @ThisIsFusion: Watch Bernie Sanders ether a GOP congressman for referring to ‘homos in the military’ in 1…  http:/…
NEWS: Sanders and Cummings Denounce Continued Prescription Drug Price Gouging 
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country?
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies and defeat the disastrous TPP.
Today’s News: Sanders opposes nominee to lead Food and Drug Administration, joins colleagues to . 
NEWS: Citing FDA Nominee’s Ties to Rx Industry, Sanders to Oppose New Commissioner  
Deregulating Wall Street will lead to further concentration of economic power in our country.  to 1999: 
It's unconscionable that Latinas earn 56 cents on the dollar compared to white men.  
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana, but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted.
RT @Teamsters: How Bernie Sanders’ New Bill Would Help More Workers Unionize  via @thinkprogress   …
I am appalled by gun violence in our country and the mass shootings in our churches and colleges.  
Must Read: The Trans-Pacific Partnership Is a Bad Deal for American Workers -@RichardTrumka  
We can create 13 million jobs by investing $1 trillion in rebuilding our infrastructure over the next five years. 
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only  of the nation’s wealth.
We can no longer tolerate a criminal justice system that treats Wall Street executives as too big to jail. 
RT @JesseRodriguez: Tomorrow on @Morning_Joe: Sen Bernie Sanders 
It is our moral responsibility to leave this planet in a way that is habitable and healthy for our children and our grandchildren.
When unions grow, the middle class grows. And when the middle class grows, America does well.
Today’s News: Sanders introduces Workplace Democracy Act to make it easier for workers to join unions. 
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions not harder. 
RT @AFLCIO: Sen. Sanders and Rep. Pocan Continue Washington-Led Fight for Workers' Rights 
NEWS: Sanders, Pocan Introduce Legislation to Strengthen Workers’ Rights  
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thank you for supporting workers, @SenSanders @repmarkpocan @DonNorcross4NJ!    …
RT @DonaldNorcross: Together w/ @SenSanders @repmarkpocan we can strengthen  
 
RT @NicholsUprising: Workplace Democracy Act introduced by @SenSanders &amp; @repmarkpocan. Renews right to organize &amp; collectively bargain. ht…
Proud to join @GoodJobsNation @CWAUnion @NationalNurses @repmarkpocan to ensure workers can form a union. 
If we are serious about reducing income &amp; wealth inequality, we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country.
The Workplace Democracy Act will make it easier for workers to join unions and bargain for higher wages. 
RT @repmarkpocan: "When unions grow, the middle class grows and when the middle class grows, America grows." ~@SenSanders …
RT @CWAUnion: "If workers want to exercise their right to join a union, they must be allowed to do so." - @SenSanders  …
RT @repmarkpocan: Introducing the Workplace Democracy Act w/ @SenSanders to make it easier for workers to form a union. …
If workers in this country want to exercise their constitutional right to join a union, they must be allowed to do that.
The TPP is a continuation of disastrous trade policies. Enough is enough. We need new approaches that create jobs in America not China.
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
Today’s News: Sanders opposes Trans-Pacific Partnership, profiled in @NewYorker. 
 follows failed trade deals with Mexico &amp; China that have cost millions of jobs &amp; closed tens of thousands of factories across the US.
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
RT @TheAtlanticPOL: A profile of Bernie Sanders written in the 1980s, as he got his start in politics  …
Guns should not be in the hands of people who shouldn't have them and that means we need a very strong instant background check system.
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again. In the Senate, I will do all that I can to defeat the  agreement.
I am disappointed but not surprised by the decision to move forward on the disastrous TPP that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs.
We need trade policies that promote the interests of American workers not just the CEOs of corporations  
Today’s News: Sanders opposes unilateral American no-fly zone in Syria: 
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy?
Today it’s Wall Street’s turn to bail out the middle class.
Our job is to demilitarize police departments 
We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners, because most of us were once foreigners. -@Pontifex 
Today, Social Security is more important than ever. Over half of workers between the ages of 55-64 have no retirement savings.
I am far, far from a perfect human being but I am motivated by a vision which exists in all of the great religions 
Over the last 40 years, the great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. 
The Week in Review: Sanders slams pharmaceuticals companies for price gouging, calls for sensible gun control 
Making sure people in poor countries have access to life-saving medicine is our moral responsibility.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
Must Read: Why the Washington Post's Attack on Bernie Sanders Is Bunk -@RBReich 
We must act aggressively to pass sensible gun-control and put an end to this awful epidemic of senseless slaughter. 
The debate is over. Climate change is real. It is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems around the world.
Today’s News: Sanders calls for sensible gun safety laws after shooting in Oregon: 
The shouting at each other must end. The hard work of developing good policy must begin.
We need sensible gun-control legislation which prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
As a nation, we must do everything we can to put an end to this awful epidemic of senseless slaughter.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Oregon Shootings:  
Another senseless tragedy with more innocent people killed. Our hearts go out to the families. -B
In my view, there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years, saw their wealth increase by $170 billion.
RT @OnPointRadio: ‘Don’t tell some poor bright kid that he or she can’t be a doctor or an engineer because they don’t have enough money.’ @…
RT @OnPointRadio: ‘Count me as a radical — I want to invest in jobs and education for young people rather than jails.’ @SenSanders http://t…
RT @WBUR: TUNE IN: @SenSanders joins @OnPointRadio LIVE: 

Livestream: 
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will join @WBUR’s @OnPointRadio at 10am EST. Listen live: 
The pharmaceutical industry spent over $250 million last year on campaign contributions and lobbying. 
Today’s News: Sanders leads battle against bad Pacific trade deal, investigates high prescription drug prices: 
RT @FacesOfAO: We thank you! @SenSanders for Co-sponsoring , the  Research Act of 2015! 
When you organize at the grassroots level, that's when change takes place 
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is a tragedy and we can no longer ignore it.
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties you are looking at oligarchy. 
We need your help to tell Congress to stop worrying about the fossil fuel contributors to their campaigns. 
Today's News: Sanders urges Obama administration to give poor countries access to affordable drugs 
We cannot let drug companies continue to rip-off Americans who are
suffering. Watch Sen. Sanders' speech: 
Pharmaceutical companies are charging Americans by
far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. 
NEWS: Sanders Condemns Price Gouging by Drug Companies. 
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer.
It makes no sense to me that the same exact drug can be sold in Britain for 66 cents a pill, while in the  it is sold for $750.
The  is the only major country on earth that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been a disaster.
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people.
Coming up Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about skyrocketing prescription drug prices. Watch: 
It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking marijuana. 
Must Read: Every minute someone gets arrested for marijuana possession in the  @_cingraham  
Defunding Planned Parenthood would punish the  million Americans who rely on its clinics for health care  
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders returns to the University of Chicago. 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.  
When millions of Americans lack health insurance Planned Parenthood clinics provide the care too many women cannot access elsewhere.
We know shutting the government down will disrupt the economy and cost us jobs. I hope my Republican colleagues come to their senses.
Republicans are once again taking us to the edge of a government shutdown, demanding we take away health care from the American people.
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans.
NEWS: Sanders sends letter to  trade chief on affordable medicine in developing countries. 
We are living at a time where a handful of people have wealth beyond  
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
Today’s News: Sanders joined @FaceTheNation Sunday to talk about college affordability and money in politics: 
Super PACs are playing a very destructive role in our political system. American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections.
Must Read: The True Cost of an Expensive Medication -@olgakhazan 
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt.
RT @FaceTheNation: @SenSanders says that he fights for moral issues, no different from the values at Liberty University  …
You can't make the changes that have to be made in this country unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street. 
Pope Francis in his address to Congress: 
This morning watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation. Check local listings:  
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security. That is unacceptable.
You can go into a drug store &amp; find the price for a drug has double or tripled over night &amp; we can't do anything about it. That must change.
We should use our buying power to get better deals on medication for the American people. 
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation tomorrow. Check your local listings:  
Social Security is the most successful government program in our history. Before it was law, nearly half of seniors lived in poverty.
Sen. Sanders applauds Pope Francis's remarks 
The Week in Review: Sanders marches with workers, applauds Pope Francis, votes to stop Republican attack on women. 
NEWS: Sanders, Whitehouse and Democrats Send Letter to President on Arctic Drilling. 
Skyrocketing prescription drug prices are an example of the web of bureaucracy in the American health care system. 
The Republican Party's ideology is way out of touch with the American people. Without Boehner, it may get even worse.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Speaker Boehner’s Resignation  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on with @Thom_Hartmann. Watch here: 
Feminism means a commitment to fighting for women’s rights. 
Today's News: Sanders applauds @Pontifex's address.  
Shutting the government down will disrupt the economy and cost us jobs. I hope my colleagues come to their senses. 
NEWS: Sanders, Brown and Senate Democrats Introduce Bill to Stop Cadillac Tax. 
Republicans are again taking us to the edge of a shutdown demanding we take away health care from Americans. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Shutdown Threat. 
In citing Dorothy Day, the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world.
He forces us to address some of the major issues facing humanity such as war, income and wealth inequality, poverty, unemployment and greed.
Pope Francis is clearly one of the important religious and moral leaders not only in the world today but in modern history.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Pope’s Remarks 
Coming up at 12:30 PM ET: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC with @mitchellreports
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will discuss Pope Francis' address to Congress on CNN
Watch Pope Francis address Congress: 
I would hope that some of my colleagues would examine the very profound lessons that Pope Francis is teaching people all over this world.
10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike:  
Today's News: Sen. Sanders welcomes Pope Francis to    
Pope Francis is saying that trickle-down economics does not work 
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed, and the worship of money, is not what human existence should be about.
Watch: Pope Francis has issued us a challenge that we must embrace 
RT @HuffingtonPost: Bernie Sanders really likes what Pope Francis is all about  
Pope Francis has issued us a call that we should embrace.  
The pope is saying that money, the accumulation of money and the worship of money is not what life should be about.
Pope Francis is calling for a social and economic system that lives in harmony with nature, not one that destroys the planet. 
The time has come for Congress to end this injustice by raising the minimum wage to a living wage. 
Today's News: Sanders marches with workers, welcomes Pope Francis to DC, fights for lower prescription drugs. 
Sen. Sanders is live on @CNN's @NewDay now talking about Pope Francis.
Sen. Sanders calls on Congress to act on Pope Francis's message.  Watch: 
Today, Americans pay, by far, the highest prices for prescription drugs anywhere in the world. Sen. Sanders proposal: 
Sen. Sanders will join @MSNBC’s @allinwithchris tonight to talk about  and skyrocketing drug prices. Tune it at 8pmEST.
Sen. Sanders joins striking Capitol workers welcoming Pope Francis, calls for $15 minimum wage and a union. Watch: 
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis to   
Money does rule, and that is why, in my view, we have got to overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections.
RT @bridgetbhc: As the pope arrives, Sen. Sanders is on the Senate floor speaking about Pope Francis bringing attention to economic inequal…
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about Pope Francis 
RT @nytimes: Bernie Sanders is using the pope's visit to Washington to amplify his call for a wage increase for federal workers …
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
RT @ryanbeckwith: Bernie Sanders joins striking Capitol workers ahead of Pope Francis' visit  @Sam_Frizell …
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Sequestration. 
NEWS: Sanders statement after voting to block legislation that would have prohibited certain abortions 
On National Voter Registration Day we should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to vote. 
RT @Reagan_Airport: Veterans aboard the first all female Honor Flight arrive to a hero's welcome @Reagan_Airport 
There is no justice when the largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the US government 
NEWS: Sanders Joins Striking Capitol Workers.   
RT @BenjaminBell: 10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike  via @maryaliceparks
RT @RobertsDan: Bernie Sanders welcomes Pope at strike for low paid federal workers calls on Congress to heed call for social justice http:…
Enough is enough. We want justice. We want fair pay. We want a union. @GoodJobsNation
There is no justice when people working in the US including in the Senate do not earn enough to take care of their families 
Today, as we welcome Pope Francis to the US, I hope that Congress will heed his call for social and economic justice. 
RT @politico: Bernie Sanders to join striking workers for pope visit  | Getty 
Must Read: 1 in 4 college women report unwanted sexual contact -@jcarrsmyth 
Today's News: Sanders calls on Turing Pharmaceuticals to justify a $700-plus spike in price for a 62-year old drug 
The enormous overnight price increase for Daraprim is just the latest in a long list of skyrocketing price increases 
We have got to make sure that everyone in this country can afford the prescription drugs that they need to live healthy lives.
The time has come for Congress to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical companies. 
News: Sanders and Cummings Investigate “Overnight” Price Increase of Life-Saving Drug. 
Bernie on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: 
Must Read: Drug Goes From $ a Tablet to $750, Overnight -@nytimes 
Americans shouldn't live in fear they will go bankrupt if they get sick. Read Sanders' plan to lower drug prices: 
Today's News: Sanders leads the fight against skyrocketing prescription drug prices. 
Trickle down economics is a fraud. 
If we strive toward morality and justice it is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor and working people of our country.
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent-paying jobs in the process 
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least $15 an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty. 
"Let us say NO to an economy of exclusion and inequality" -@Pontifex 
We can be a nation which joins other nations around the world in guaranteeing health care as a right.
There is no justice when all over this country people are working long hours for abysmally low wages. 
When we talk about morality, what we are talking about is all of God's children have a right to go to a doctor when they are sick.
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders brought his message of lifting the middle class to The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.
We must end the private prison racket. 
Tonight at 11:30 PM ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @colbertlateshow 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health. 
Republicans seem to have forgotten that when Bush left office 800,000 people were losing their jobs a month. 
RT @Grassroots_News: 7 good things if we ban  w/  Act  @SenSanders @RepRaulGrijalva ht…
When we talk about morality and justice, we have to understand that there is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
Today's News: Sanders introduces bill to ban private prisons  
Sen. Sanders is live on @CBSNews This Morning now.
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth.
We must end the private for profit prison racket &amp; address the harder question of reducing the prison population: 
Mass incarceration harms our society, pulls families apart.  Act will begin to turn that around. 
Must Read: What Incarceration Costs American Families -@AlanaSemuels   
NEWS: Sanders, House Leaders Introduce Bill to Ban Private Prisons: 
Corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars 
RT @keithellison: Joining @SenSanders to call for the end of private prisons.  
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities. 
Our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration.  
Happening Now: Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN with @ChrisCuomo
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as the US does, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
There is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in the last two years saw their wealth increase by $170 billion. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Income and Poverty Report: 
Our first responders raced into the disaster not away from it in order to save lives. 
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
Must Read: The Gender Wage Gap Hasn’t Improved In Seven Years -@brycecovert:  
All of our kids who have the ability and the desire must be able to get a college education regardless of income. 
Today's News: Sanders joins  March. 
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
Do you think it is moral that 20% of the children in this county are living in poverty? 
Their story, my story, our story is a story of America. 
RT @EleanorNorton: Welcoming  marchers to DC with @GKButterfield and @SenSanders  
We are living in a nation and in a world, which worships the acquisition of money and great wealth. 
Sen. Sanders will join @MSNBC's @mitchellreports today at 12PM EST.
When you talk about children understand that the Republican budget threw 27 million people off of health care including many children.
Today's News: Sanders leads on lowering prescription drug prices. 
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth. 
Gov. Walker’s plan would lower wages &amp; the benefits that working people receive while making the wealthy &amp; large corporations even richer
Gov. Walker’s attack on the trade union movement would move us in exactly the wrong direction. 
It would, I think, be hard for anyone to make the case that the US is a just society or anything close it. 
In my view justice and morality suffer when millions of children go to bed hungry. That is not what America should be about.
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage and that we will raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Today’s News: Sanders says world must respond to refugee crisis 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world. 
People are leaving Syria and Iraq with just the clothes on their backs. The world has got to respond. 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
@Pontifex: The worship of the golden calf of old has found a new and heartless image in the cut of  
Watch Sen. Sanders this morning on NBC's @meetthepress. Check your local listings:  
The American political system has been totally corrupted and the foundations of democracy are being undermined. 
Through the first half of 2015, there is now enough solar installed in the United States to power more than  million homes.
It is not acceptable that many youth have criminal records for smoking marijuana, while the CEOs of banks do not 
Must Read: What it’s like to live on $2 a day in the United States -@chicoharlan: 
Sen. Sanders is on NBC's @meetthepress this Sunday. Check your local listings:  
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
It's time to implement prescription drug policies that work for everybody, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
One of the biggest mistakes our government made after the financial crisis was not prosecuting the people responsible 
Remembering 9/11: "At A Brooklyn Cemetery, A Place Of Work — And An Enduring Memorial" -@NPR @StoryCorps: 
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer. 
RT @SenateSAA: We remember . This morning at 8:46AM  will observe a moment of silence to honor the lives lost. http://…
Watch Sen. Sanders on MSNBC with @chrislhayes at 8:15 PM ET
We cannot let the drug companies rip-off Americans who are suffering any longer. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Nuclear Deal Vote  
Our emphasis must be on rehabilitation, not incarceration and longer prison sentences. 
It is easy to go to war, it not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.  
"The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. It has got to stop." Watch Sen. Sanders speech: 
Coming up at 1PM ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN with @wolfblitzer
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings Introduce Comprehensive Legislation to Lower Soaring Drug Prices 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug. 
RT @OversightDems: @SenSanders @RepCummings announced they are introducing legislation to lower drug prices 
You could have the best doctor in the world but it does not matter if you cannot afford the medication you are prescribed.
Watch now: Sen. Sanders addresses skyrocketing drug prices 
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders &amp; @RepCummingson on Prescription Drug Prices – LIVE online here:  
Coming up at 10 AM ET: Sen. Sanders and @RepCummings will announce legislation to rein in skyrocketing drug prices. Live on Periscope.
I fear that many of my Republican colleagues do not understand that war must be a last resort, not the first resort. 
Today's News: Sanders slams opponents of , introduces bill to lower prescription drug prices 
RT @Loftus: Bernie Sanders to introduce bill targeting high drug prices   via @WSJ
Why Sen. Sanders supports the Iran Deal. Watch his speech: 
Sen. Sanders: War Should Be the Last Option: Why I Support the Iran Nuclear Deal 
I think it is incumbent upon us to give the negotiated agreement with Iran a chance to succeed.
Does the Iran agreement achieve everything I would like?  Of course not.  But to my mind, it is far better than the path we were on.
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement. 
I voted against the war in Iraq.  Sadly, much of what I feared in fact did happen. I do not want to see it happen again. 
Those who have have spoken out against the Iran agreement are the same people who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq.
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders speaks on the Senate Floor about the . Watch here: 
Sen. Sanders will speak about why he supports the Iran deal at 4:30 PM ET. See a preview here: 
Coming up at 4:30 PM ET: Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about the nuclear agreement with Iran: 
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country on earth that does not guarantee paid leave 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's health.  
We need to end the disgraceful practice of corporations profiting from the incarceration of Americans. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders will introduce bills to reform private prisons and to lower prescription drug prices 
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
How have skyrocketing prescription drug prices affected you? Tell Bernie:  
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty.
Must Read: Cities Could Save $17 Trillion Just By Reducing Their Greenhouse Gas Emissions -@climateprogress 
We have got to make sure that everyone in this country can afford the prescription drugs that they need. 
We need a tax system which reduces the obscene degree of wealth inequality in America. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders celebrates Labor Day by thanking workers and highlighting growing income inequality 
If you've ever enjoyed a paid vacation, a sick day or a pension the men and women of the labor movement are the people to thank. 
We need a massive jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure &amp; create millions of decent paying jobs. 
The president's executive order is the right thing to do. Congress now has to extend paid sick leave to all workers. 
Labor Day is a time to celebrate the accomplishments of the activists and organizers who built our middle class. 
RT @HuffPostPol: .@SenSanders writes about the importance of honoring the working people of this country  …
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class.  
It's time to fight for the middle class once again so that every working person in the  has a chance at a decent life. 
RT @latimes: Who does and who doesn't have the jobs and money: A Labor Day index from Bernie Sanders   …
These billionaires want it all. They want to leave other Americans with the "freedom" to live in poverty. 
We must listen to the cries of hungry children, not the lobbyists for the military-industrial-complex. 
Sen. Sanders on Labor Day 2015: Stand Together and Fight Back — @HuffingtonPost 
We are sick and tired of the war against working families.
Today's News: Sen. Sanders' labor day index lists the jobs and income statistics you need to know 
.@Pontifex: Do we truly realize that something is wrong in a world where there are so many farmworkers without land? 
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections.
Today more than 1 in 9 bridges in the US is structurally deficient. 
We need legislation which puts 11 million undocumented people living in the United States on a path to citizenship. 
Americans Overwhelmingly Support A Vacation Mandate — @HuffingtonPost
 
Must Read: Three Rich Treasury Secretaries Laugh It Up Over Income Inequality -@HuffingtonPost. Watch the exchange: 
We need a movement that will end our disastrous trade policies and that includes defeating the disastrous TPP.
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program. 
There is a 40-year war going on this country today against the American middle class. 
Must Read: Low-Income Workers See Biggest Drop in Paychecks -@nytimes  
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders discusses the cost of war and moves to slow the increasing cost of prescription drugs: 
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick. 
Until 1973 workers' wages increased along with productivity but then wages were left behind:  
At a time of massive inequality we must ask people who are doing phenomenally well to start paying their fair share 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders' proposal to rein in skyrocketing drug prices receives overwhelming support 
The nuclear agreement with Iran has the best chance of limiting Iran’s ability to produce a nuclear weapon, while avoiding yet another war.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in but how it can resolve conflicts in a peaceful manner. 
What the Supreme Court essentially said in Citizens United was that billionaires could own the  government. 
Must Read: Louisiana lays bare what happens if Republicans cut Planned Parenthood's funding:  
6,000 people have responded. 99% say drug prices are too high &amp; 98% say the government must take action. Weigh in: 
Education must be a right of all people. 
We need substantial new revenue by asking the largest corporation to start paying their fair share of taxes. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders releases proposal to slow the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs: 
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty.
Must Read: This is climate change: Alaskan villagers struggle as island is chewed up by the sea -@marialaganga: 
We are moving very, very quickly from a democratic society, one person, one vote, to an oligarchic form of society 
Tell Bernie: Do you believe prescription drug prices are unreasonably high?  
NEWS: Sanders Proposes Legislation on Soaring Drug Prices: 
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world -- by far. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders argues drones must be used "very selectively and effectively" 
I believe along w/@Pontifex &amp; nearly all scientists that climate change is threatening this planet in horrendous ways 
I voted against the Iraq war which I think will go down as one of the worst foreign policy blunders we have ever seen 
It makes no sense to give tax breaks to billionaires when we have so many children living in poverty.
The American people want a government that represents all of us and not just Wall Street and the wealthiest people.
Coming up at Noon ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on @msnbc with @mitchellreports
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on MSNBC with @mitchellreports at 12 PM ET
As a result of Citizens United our campaign finance system has become corrupt and politicians are dependent upon billionaires for money.
Today's News: Democratic platform now includes $15/hour min wage, Sanders introduced bill to  in July: 
It is absurd that college graduates today are carrying debts of $50,000, $100,000 or more. We must deal with the issue of student debt.
The benchmark of full time work in America should be that no full-time worker should live in poverty. 
Working for a just distribution of the fruits of the earth and human labor is not mere philanthropy. -@Pontifex 
Must Read from @nybooks: The Pope and the Planet by @billmckibben: 
It’s time for fundamental changes in our trade policies so that corporate America starts investing in this country. 
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago. 
Sen. Sanders will join @CNN’s State of the Union and @ThisWeekABC on Sunday. 
Must Read from @voxdotcom: Sen. Sanders was called a liar for saying Hitler won an election. But he was right: 
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
WATCH: Sen. Sanders reflects on the power of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom: 
The Koch brothers and the billionaire class want it all. 
President Harry Truman: "I don't give them hell. I just tell the truth." 
Today's News: Wall Street volatility renews call for Sen. Sanders' financial transaction tax: 
American democracy is not about corporations and billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections. 
Must Read: Here's How Outrageous The Pay Gap Between CEOs And Workers Is -@jsyche:  
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy. 
It is an international embarrassment that nearly 20 percent of kids in America are living in poverty. 
Today's News: Sanders urges Postal Service to reinstate overnight delivery, Sanders and Pope are "prophetic voices" 
We must end the absurdity of private corporations making billions out of jails. 
What they are saying is to hell with the American middle class; to hell with the American dream. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders calls on @USPS to reinstate overnight delivery: 
Women represent nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers.  
When we say, enough is enough, this country belongs to all of us, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
Today's News: Sen. Sanders supports bill to stop revolving door between Washington and Wall Street: 
Today, over half of American workers have less than $10,000 in savings 
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty, the wealthiest 15 people in this  
 NEWS: Vermont Health Centers Receive National Recognition and Additional Funding for High Quality Care 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple and concrete – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
It is a national disgrace that real median family income is lower today than it was 26 years ago. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders hits Wall Street after stock panic: 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world.
We are not going to cut social security! We are going to expand social security! 
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class they cannot have it all. 
The results are in. Unfettered free trade has been a disaster for working Americans. It is high time we ended our disastrous trade policies.
Today's News: @YahooPolitics takes a closer look at Sen. Sanders' positions on foreign policy: 
It is unacceptable that the typical female worker made $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
"Wages in America for millions of people are just too damn low." - Sen. Sanders
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling 
.@Pontifex: 
How does it happen that we can spend trillions on never ending wars but can't afford to rebuild our crumbling roads? 
President Teddy Roosevelt: There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. 
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed on Wall Street. 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
There is no question that the war on drugs has been a failure. 
To truly empower our communities, we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people. 
Every man, woman, and child is entitled to health care, and that right exists in virtually every other major country 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders focused on raising wages, ending institutional racism, stopping climate change: 
Voter suppression today is alive and well 
We are turning our backs on an entire generation of kids 
Education should be a right, not a privilege. 
 Must Read: 36 Hours in Burlington, Vermont -@nytimestravel @jegner: 
Must Read: Global warming worsened the California drought, scientists say -@bydarrylfears: 
Watch @uvmvermont student and  leader Gina Fiorile lead a Q&amp;A live from the White House: 
RT @uvmvermont: Today:  student Gina Fiorile is back at the @WhiteHouse, leading a Q&amp;A for an  event: …
The American people are sick and tired of establishment politics, establishment economics and establishment media. 
Today's News: "He shows that it’s possible to be a politician who speaks the truth." -- Cornel West on Sen. Sanders: 
It's time for Wall Street to come to the aid of working families. 
Republicans' family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body. I disagree! 
The millionaire class and the billionaire class increasingly own the political process 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that we leave this planet in a way that is habitable. 
Today's News: Americans are working harder for less and paying more for prescription drugs: 
Afternoon News: Sen. Sanders and Senate Democrats push Republicans to open budget negotiations 
It is obscene that we have penitentiaries in this country run by private corporations. 
EPA’s plan to cut methane emissions is an important step but we must do more to tackle the crisis of climate change 
The 19th Amendment was ratified 95 years ago because American women organized and fought for the right to vote. 
We need to expand Medicare to cover every man, woman and child as a single-payer national health care program 
The US government should not be in the business of profiteering on high interest rates on working-class families 
Today's News: Sanders right to highlight job losses caused by sequestration: 
Are you on the side of ordinary people struggling to put food on the table and send their kids to college? 
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling. 
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they're 68 or 70 before qualifying for Social Security 
Private insurance companies' goal is to make as much money as possible, not to provide quality care. 
Today's News: Sanders calls out media for focusing on wrong issues, leads push for $15 an hour minimum wage: 
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement. Julian Bond dedicated his life to justice for all. -Sen. Sanders
Rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline is a no-brainer. 
NEWS: Sanders statement on the passing of Julian Bond. 
Our democracy is under fierce attack. We must overturn the disastrous Citizens United decision. 
The earth, our home, is beginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth. -@Pontifex 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. 
The top one-tenth of one percent should not own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
When we talk about everybody that must include 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country. 
We should be investing in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. 
Must Read from @EconomicPolicy: Nothing inaccurate in Sanders’ description of CBO numbers on impact of budget cuts: 
Afternoon News: Sen. Sanders and @RepCummings investigate rising drug prices: 
President Ronald Reagan: "Social Security has nothing to do with the deficit."  
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid out every benefit owed to every eligible American.  
 is the most successful government program in our nation’s history. 
I applaud President Obama &amp; Secretary Kerry for moving to develop normal diplomatic relations with . 
From Burlington City Hall to the United States Senate, Sen. Sanders’ message hasn’t changed: 
It's an embarrassment &amp; crime that Republicans have refused to consider legislation to restore the Voting Rights Act. 
Today's News: MSNBC's Rachel Maddow examines Sen. Sanders consistency through the years: 
Health care is a human right. 
Afternoon News: The impact of Sen. Sanders' $15 minimum wage bill, Burlington goes 100% renewable 
It's profoundly wrong that we have a proliferation of billionaires and the highest rate of childhood poverty 
 Sen. Sanders in 1997: “Big money cannot continue to buy elections.” 
We are going to make sure that every veteran get the heath care and benefits they are entitled to. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders focusing on environmental justice in fight to protect the : 
President Jimmy Carter has devoted his life to the American people. My thoughts are with him and his family. -B
The right to vote is preservative of all other rights. 
RT @MiaFarrow: "We have a message to the billionaire class and that message is; YOU CAN'T HAVE IT ALL."  - Bernie Sanders
We are moving very quickly from a democratic society, one person, one vote, to an oligarchic form of society. 
We must end the absurdity of  million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay. 
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program. 
I want you to think of what this great country can be. 
Today's News: @USCBO finds up to  million jobs could be created if Congress stops arbitrary budget cuts: 
If Congress does not act to end sequestration, we’re looking at the loss of as many as  million jobs over the next two years.
RT @WhiteHouse: If Republicans in Congress agree to end harmful budget cuts, America could add up to  million jobs (via @USCBO): http://…
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society, 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Job Losses Caused by Sequestration  
It's time to make our government work for all of us and not just the 1%. 
Today's News: The New York Times applauds Sanders' plan to make public colleges tuition free for undergrads: 
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. 
The cost of war is real. It is terrible. I believe that war should be the last resort, not the first resort.
Yesterday, Sen. Sanders explained why he supports the Iran nuclear deal: 
What takes place in the US Congress today has nothing to do with the reality of middle-class working families. 
We must revolutionize our nation’s higher education system. 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt: 
Today's News: Sanders tells CBS' @FaceTheNation he will support the nuclear agreement with Iran: 
I want to know why the US is the only major country on earth that doesn't provide health care to all of its people. 
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt. 
.@Pontifex: Humanity is called to recognize the need for changes of lifestyle to combat this warming. 
Today: Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation. Check local listing:  
We are seeing the two pronged attack on our democracy. 
Are we happy that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1%? 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Slain Vermont Social Worker  
A living wage should not only be fair, it should be equitable. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday morning. Check your local listing:  
NEWS: Sanders Supports Iran Nuclear Deal: 
Sanders on : The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in.  
The Week in Review: Sanders slams broken campaign finance system, calls for  to lead on voter turnout: 
Must Read: "The Racial Gaps in America's Recovery" -@TheAtlantic @gillianbwhite: 
Change takes place because people struggle. 
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders is on the Thom Hartmann Program. Watch live: 
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders on : "I want to see America have the highest voter turnout of any major country." 
Happening Now: Sen. Sander is on MSNBC with @TheRevAl discussing the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act 
Coming up: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC's @PoliticsNation with @TheRevAl at 6:10 PM ET
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard.  
 to when Sen. Sanders joined Jon Stewart on the @TheDailyShow in 2011:  
"The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression." Watch Sen. Sanders' speech: 
The American political system is being destroyed. What we are looking
at now is oligarchy, not democracy. Watch: 
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Legislation to Increase Voter Turnout on   
So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably possess the right to vote I do not possess myself. -MLK Jr.  
RT @repjohnlewis: Our vote is the foundation of democracy. A just &amp; fair society requires the removal of any &amp; all barriers to the ballot b…
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America! 
Today's News: Sanders discusses voter suppression and , applauds new CEO pay rule: 
There must be a guarantee that people receive what they need in order to live a dignified life. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on CEO Pay Rule 
We need real family values!  
In terms of real family values in many respects the US lags behind virtually every major country on earth.  
For 22 years, the Family Medical Leave Act has helped millions of Americans  
How the  helps our communities: 
This is what inequality means in America: Today CEO compensation is nearly 300 times worker compensation. 
It's time to join the rest of the industrialized world in guaranteeing paid family leave  
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery. 
Today's News: Sanders slams legalized bribery, talks immigration reform with @jorgeramosnews: 
Our vision should be a nation in which all people regardless of income can participate in the political process 
I fear very much that government of the people, by the people, for the people is perishing in the United States. 
Afternoon News: Sanders calls for publicly funded elections, anti-austerity push goes mainstream 
Sanders: We must replace our corrupt system of legalized bribery. Watch the speech: 
Must Read: The New American Slavery: Invited to the , Foreign Workers Find a Nightmare -@BuzzFeedNews: 
The measure of success for law enforcement should not be how many people get locked up. 
NEWS: Sanders Proposes Public Funding of Elections to Replace ‘Corrupt’ System of ‘Legalized Bribery’ 
"Our vision for the future should be one where candidates are not telling billionaires what they can do for them." - Sen. Sanders
President Jimmy Carter: The US is "an oligarchy, with unlimited political bribery" 
We are talking about a rapid movement in this country where a handful of wealthy individuals and companies determine who gets elected.
"How many billions will be used to elect candidates who only represent the rich and the super rich?" - Sen. Sanders
"In the year 2015, 'government of the people, by the people, for the people' is perishing in America." -Sen. Sanders
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders announces legislation to take money out of politics. Watch here: 
Coming up at 11:30 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will speak about the influence of money in politics on @cspan
It's insane that we have young people who have the desire &amp; ability to go to college but cannot afford tuition. 
Today's News: Sanders calls attempted Planned Parenthood cuts "an attack on women's health," supports  
"The global economy is simply unsustainable when so few have so much and so many have so little." -Sen. Sanders 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders Denounces Republican Attack on Women  
The time has come to say loudly and clearly: enough is enough. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders addresses the Greek Debt Crisis 
Senate Republicans’ attempt to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.  
Climate change is a planetary crisis. Our task is clear. We must dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
We need to give our children, regardless of their race or their income, a fair shot at attending college. 
We must move boldly to transform or energy system away from fossil fuels &amp; toward renewable energy  
Today's News: Sen. Sanders welcomes the , pushes for publicly funded elections 
Pres Obama knows climate change is the great planetary crisis facing us &amp; we must move boldly to transform our energy system 
President Carter: We’ve just seen a complete subversion of our political system as a payoff to major contributors. 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple – that no full-time worker should live in poverty. 
.@Pontifex: 
This morning Sen. Sanders is on ABC's "This Week." Check your local listings:  
We will not give tax breaks to billionaires when children in this country are going hungry! 
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated. 
Sunday: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on ABC's @ThisWeekABC. Check your local listings:  
Bernie Sanders Explains Why You Should Care About What’s Happening to Greece -@thenation:  
The Week in Review: Sen. Sanders calls for Medicare-for-all &amp; rebukes Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it. 
This is the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, but nobody in America knows it 
Watch Sen. Sanders announce his plan for a Medicare-for-all health care system 
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance, 
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave 
Ann shared how Medicare impacted her life :  
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders discusses the Greek Debt Crisis with nobel prize economist @JosephEStiglitz. Watch live: 
America is the only major nation in the industrialized world that does not guarantee health care as a right: 
This is not just an environmental issue, this is also a global national security issue as well.  
RT @rooseveltinst: On Thursday @JosephEStiglitz will join @SenSanders and others to discuss the ongoing Greek crisis 
NEWS: On 50th Anniversary of Medicare, Sanders Proposes Medicare-for-All  
"The time has come to say that we need to expand Medicare to cover every man, woman and child." -Sen. Sanders 
As a moral society our job is to ask: do we believe that everyone is entitled to health care? -Sen. Sanders
Health care is a right for all people not a privilege. -Sen. Sanders  
Join the discussion about the crisis in Greece with Sen. Sanders and @JosephEStiglitz TODAY at 2:30PM in Hart Senate Office Building Rm 902
As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare, it is important that we defend this enormously important program. 
"Without Medicare I'd have " -Alan, Oregon. See more stories:  
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.  
On the 50th Anniversary of Medicare &amp; Medicaid, people wrote Sen. Sanders about how the programs have impacted them: 
RT @SenateBudget: Great chance to meet @SenSanders @JosephEStiglitz &amp; others at Greek debt conference tomorrow at 2:30 pm …
NEWS: Sanders &amp; @RepCummings Urge Officials to Combat Overcharging for Critical Drug:  
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections. 
NEWS: Sanders' statement on Planned Parenthood :  
RT @EnergyDems: "We have got to address this planetary crisis. The debate is over. Scientists agree  is real, human-caused." …
Our job now is to aggressively transform our energy system away from fossil fuels. 
Thursday: Sen. Sanders &amp; Joseph Stiglitz will be discussing the Greek Debt Crisis. RSVP:  
Take the poll: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour?  
It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking  
Men, we have to stand with women and fight for full pay equity.  Day 
RSVP here:  
RT @TheArcUS: @SenSanders speaking about  after the march! 
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
Must Read: "Greece, the Sacrificial Lamb" -@JosephEStiglitz: 

RSVP to the discussion: 
Today's News: National Journal looks at Sen. Sanders' history of bipartisanship &amp; Sanders sits down with Vox 
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who’s involved in domestic abuse situations. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege. 
Sanders calls for "common sense" gun control solutions: 
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families. That has got to change. 
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people, not for hunting, should not be sold in America. 
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank. 
If we are serious about creating jobs &amp; climate change  we must be deadly serious about campaign finance reform. 
Today everything comes under the laws of competition and the survival of the fittest. -@Pontifex 
Sen. Sanders is on NBC's @meetthepress this morning. Check your local listing for airtime:  
It’s unconscionable that women earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work. 
If we ended tax breaks and subsidies for big oil, gas, and coal  
Sunday: Sen. Sanders will be on NBC's @meetthepress with @chucktodd. Check your local listing:  
As FDR reminded us, a nation’s greatness is judged by how it treats the people most in need. 
$, the current federal minimum wage, is a starvation wage.  Watch the video: 
The Week in Review: Sanders fights for $15, responds to Sandra Bland arrest, supports reinstating Glass-Steagall 
RT @SenateBudget: 210 top economists in the country agree: a $15/hr minimum wage is the right thing to do. Read more here: …
A mother has the right to know what she is feeding her child.  
Today's News: living wage proponents have found a champion in Sen. Sanders, House passes bill to block GMO labeling 
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century. This is catastrophic. 
A living wage and a union is the only way working women can get ahead, and stay ahead. -Sontia Bailey 
Pictures from yesterday's rally for a living wage:   
RT @SenateBudget: Tune in July 30 @ 2:30 for a discussion on Greek debt led by @SenSanders &amp; noted national economists:  …
Those are their family values, not our family values. 
ICYMI Sen. Sanders strongly condemned the arrest and death of Sandra Bland on @edshow &amp; called for reforms 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are living in poverty. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders strongly condemns arrest and death of Sandra Bland, fights for $15 minimum wage 
No one who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. -Sen. Sanders   
$ an hour is a starvation wage. It’s got to be raised to a living wage. -Sen. Sanders  
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations. 
The simple truth is that working people cannot survive on the federal minimum wage of $ an hour. 
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill for $15-an-Hour Minimum Wage  
LIVE on :  Sanders announces $15 minimum wage 
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders announces $15 minimum wage bill 
Coming up at 11 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will address rally to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour LIVE on Periscope
People across the country are working hard, yet they can’t afford to send their kids to college. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders calls for $15 minimum wage, responds to video of Sandra Bland's arrest 
LIVE on Periscope at 11 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will address hundreds of workers &amp; unveil legislation to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour
This video of Sandra Bland's arrest shows totally outrageous police behavior. 
The lowest-paid worker in America today would be making more than $28 an hour. 
RT @GoodJobsNation: We are ready to rally in DC tmrw 11am with @SenSanders @keithellison @RepRaulGrijalva   http://t…
The struggle for racial and economic justice continues. 
We need a vision that says that every person in this country is entitled to healthcare as a right. 
Must Read: "I am a cashier at the US Capitol. I earn so little that I work two jobs" -Sontia Bailey @guardian: 
Sanders spoke to 500  high school students, mostly from families that have never sent a child to college. Video: 
When we look at names like Sandra Bland, or Eric Garner or Freddie Gray, we understand that what we  
Today's News: Sanders to unveil minimum wage legislation Wednesday, supports Vermont rail project 
We’ve got to do what every other major country on earth does and have a medical and family leave program. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders readies legislation to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour, calls to expand Social Security 
It is against our country's best interests that hundreds of thousands of young people cannot afford to go to college 
If we are truly serious about ending too big to fail, we have got to break up the largest financial institutions 
With the collapse of the American middle class, men and women are being forced to work incredibly long hours. 
The US is the only advanced economy that does not guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave. That is wrong 
If the bottom 90% had simply maintained the same share of wealth that it did in  
.@Pontifex: Man is not in charge today, money is in charge, money rules. 
I believe that Wall Street regulates the Congress and that you have to break these guys up. 
For the last 40 years, there has been a massive attack by the wealthiest Americans against the middle class. 
The week in review: Sanders calls for "jobs not jails," responds to Iran deal, applauds the Older Americans Act 
 Karla M. from Greenville, TX: 
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake. 
If we do not reverse course, young Americans will have a lower standard of living than their parents. 
Must Read: CEO Pay Has Grown 90x Faster than Typical Worker Pay Since 1978 -@EconomicPolicy  
Today's News from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
Climate change is a planetary crisis. 
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Passage of Older Americans Act Reauthorization 
Today I co-sponsored @SenJeffMerkley’s bill to ban arctic drilling. We need Congress to move toward clean energy, not more drilling.
American seniors deserve to live with dignity and with a sense of security.   reauthorization 
The time has come to invest in jobs for our kids not jails 
It is a lot less expensive to provide jobs and education to our young people than to lock them up 
NEWS: Sanders Praises President’s Prison Visit, Calls for Jobs Not Jails  
The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to help young people find jobs. How will your senator vote? Live: 
RT @DSenFloor: VOTE: @SenSanders amdt #2177 (youth jobs) to , Every Child Achieves Act (60 vote threshold)  …
NOW: The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to give jobs to young people. Watch live: 
One of the reasons we have so many people incarcerated in America is that we have an obscenely high level of youth unemployment.
RT @NSBAComm: Next vote up: @SenSanders amdt. 2177 on youth job programs.     
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the  floor. Watch live here: 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders expresses "grave concern" over human trafficking in Malaysia 
We should be pursuing policies that unite families, not tear them apart. 
Between 1985 and 2013 there was a huge redistribution of wealth in America.  Sadly, it went in the wrong direction. 
Afternoon news: Sen. Sanders advocates for guaranteed paid vacation and maternity leave 
We've got to start creating a situation where our kids can leave school and start leading productive lives 
Let me be as clear as I can be: it makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs and education than in more and more jails. -Sen. Sanders
From April 2014-March 2015, the real unemployment rate for black high school graduates (ages 17-20) was , for Hispanics it was 
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
Sen. Sanders is on his way to speak on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
The answer to unemployment and poverty is not and cannot be the over-incarceration of young African Americans. 
Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate floor today at 2:15. Watch live here: 
Black Children in  Are Much More Likely to Live in Poverty, Study Finds - @stavernise:  
What sense is it to tell working moms and dads that they cannot get the quality and affordable childcare they need? 
Today's News: Sanders supports Iran nuclear deal, generic drug prices rise 
Tragically we have more people in jail today than any other country on earth including China. 
The nuclear agreement with Iran is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Nuclear Agreement:  
I believe there should be a responsible path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadow. 
Today's News from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
You determine who's out of the mainstream: 
We have got to provide our young people with the jobs and the skills they need to succeed. 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders on economic growth, the push to expand Social Security 
We've got to move to a society that provides a high quality of life for all of our people. 
We need a political revolution. 
We have got to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes. 
20 percent of our children are living in poverty. 
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. - Sen. Sanders on @FaceTheNation now
TODAY: Sen. Sanders is on CBS's @FaceTheNation. Check your local listings:  
.@Pontifex: We must say: 'We want a just system!' 
We will not accept a society in which billionaires are able to undermine our democracy by buying elections 
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality childcare or early education that they need. 
Today's News: Pope Francis criticizes the "mentality of profit at any price," Sanders' solar legislation 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday morning, July 12. Check local listings:  
If current trends continue 1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his lifetime. 
The week in review: Sen. Sanders addresses child poverty, introduces low-income solar initiative 
Climate change is already causing devastating problems. We have to address it. 
NEWS: Senators Call on FCC to Probe Cable, Broadband Prices: 
Today's News from Sen. Sanders: Puerto Rico, immigration and campaign finance reform 
This grotesque level of income inequality is immoral. 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Despite huge increases in productivity, Americans continue to work some of the longest hours of any country on earth 
Sen. Sanders: Americans already work longer hours than employees in most other countries in the world 
Happening now Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
The sad truth is that Americans already work the longest hours of any people in the Western industrialized world 
Coming up at 5:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
Must Read: "Bringing Broken-Windows Policing to Wall Street" -@Chris_arnade @TheAtlantic: 
When you have major corporations not paying a nickel in federal taxes clearly that has got to change. 
Do you have a question for Bernie? Call the @Thom_Hartmann show now: 202 536-2370 or Watch here: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Today's News: Sen. Sanders calls youth unemployment "an issue of crisis proportions," addresses  rising drug costs 
 to 1974: No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken. 
Sen. Sanders: America’s aproach to children an international embarrassment 
The great American middle class has been disappearing. 
NEWS: America’s Approach to Children an ‘International Embarrassment,’ Sanders Says: 
It makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs, job training and education than to spend incredible amounts on jails and law enforcement
We must move toward a universal Pre-K educational system for all of the kids of our country.
We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world and yet we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major nation.
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: 
NEWS: Coming up at 3:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate. Watch live: 
It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class. 
Must Read: Republicans Publicly Denounce Sen. Sanders’ Obamacare Expansion, Quietly Request Funding -@the_intercept: 
We have to fight against the politics of division that seeks to divide working families. 
Today's News: Sanders backs bankruptcy protections for Puerto Rico, proposes "grander idea" of free public college 
We must make sure that Puerto Rico can rebuild its economy, create good-paying jobs and expand its tax base. 
NEWS: Sanders statement on Puerto Rico's financial crisis:  
Families across this country struggle to pay electricity bills. Access to solar energy can help reduce these costs. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders introduces legislation to make solar energy more accessible to low-income families: 
Today's news: Sen. Sanders addresses black youth unemployment, pending pension cuts and Greece 
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @TheRevAl.
Coming up at 6:40pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @TheRevAl.
African American youth unemployment is 50% and one in three African American males born today may end up in jail. 
Today's afternoon news from Sen. Sanders: GOP quietly requests funding for health centers Sanders helped secure 
You cannot continue to take advantage of the benefits of America if you shirk your responsibilities as Americans 
Must Read: "Welcome to Hooverville, California" - @TobarWriter @nytimes: 
Trickle down economics is a fraud. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
I applaud the people of Greece for saying NO to more austerity for the poor, children, sick and elderly. 
NEWS: Greece Votes 'No' to Austerity:  
There are many major crises facing our country. At the top of the list is the need to overturn Citizens United. 
Weekend Read: "How Bernie Sanders Fought for Our Veterans" - @Politico:  
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders is on CNN's State of the Union
.@Pontifex: 
Today at 9 AM &amp; Noon ET: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on CNN's @CNNSotu with @JakeTapper
When you deny the right of workers to come together in collective bargaining, that's extremism. 
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's "State of the Union," tomorrow at 9 am &amp; Noon ET 
$ is a starvation wage, which must be raised. 
We have introduced a progressive estate tax that asks the billionaire class to pay their fair share. 
Must Read: How Bernie Sanders Fought for Our Veterans - @Politico: 
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty 
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral issue of our time. 
It makes no sense to me for the  government to provide corporate welfare to large and profitable corporations 
The choice should be how we make sure that every person in this country has the ability to get a college education. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The American people do not look kindly on a society where they can't afford to send their kids to  
Fifty years of Cold War is enough. 
In my view, we should invest $1 trillion in rebuilding our infrastructure in the next five years. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Here is the reality of the American economy: 
Afternoon news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
Must Read: 32 Years Before SCOTUS Decision, Sanders Backed Gay Pride March - @PaulHeintz, @Seven_Days: 
Our country and our government belong to all the people, not just a few. 
This long overdue change in overtime rules is a step in the right direction and good news for workers. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders welcomes new overtime rules for overworked employees  
When congressional districts are controlled by partisanship it is bad for voters and our democracy. 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders' statement on  Arizona Redistricting Commission decision  
There is only one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care as a right - the United States. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax. 
We have created new idols. - @Pontifex 
Sen. Bernie Sanders is on @ThisWeeekABC this morning. Check your local broadcast time here: 
George Orwell: 
Weekend Read: "Power to the People" -@billmckibben @: 
Tomorrow, watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on @ThisWeekABC. See your local broadcast time here:  
.@RichardTrumka: "Repealing the estate tax is another slap in the face to the working people" 
The Week in Review: Sen. Sanders responded to  and  rulings &amp; more: 
For too long our justice system has marginalized the gay community. I'm very glad the Court has finally caught up. 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here:  Call in at: 202-536-2370
Coming up at noon Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Supreme Court Decision on Same-Sex Marriage: 
Today the Supreme Court fulfilled the words engraved upon its building: ‘Equal justice under law.’ 
Our nation cannot survive morally or economically when so few have so much while so many have so little 
Must read: "Who's Speaking Up for the American Worker?" - @papergirlmacy @nytopinion

Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? Deadline is tomorrow, Friday. Apply here: 
We must end the scandal in which millions of employees earn no overtime pay 
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders talks with @MarkHalperin and @jheil on @BloombergTV
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @BloombergTV talking with @MarkHalperin and @jheil.
Coming up at 5:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @BloombergTV talking with @MarkHalperin and @jheil.
Sen. Sanders proposes tax on billionaires to reduce wealth inequality:  
NEWS: Sen. Bernie Sanders' statement on Supreme Court decision upholding   
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference on the estate tax.
  
The Supreme Court recognized the common-sense reading of the # 
Coming up at 11amET Sen. Sanders will live stream his press conference on the estate tax. Watch live via  at 11. Stay tuned.
Today's news: Sen. Sanders backs voting rights bill, drafts transportation bill: 
Enough is enough! 
We can fix our roads and bridges and put Americans back to work at the same time. 
RT @HuffPostBlog: .@SenSanders: "Corporate greed must end" 
NEWS: Sanders backs voting rights bill: 
I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. 
NEWS: Senate Committee Passes Transportation Bill: 
It is time to bring our neighbors out of the shadows. 
Today's news: Sen. Sanders votes no on trade bill, argues for a path to citizenship for undocumented workers 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @Morning_Joe.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @Morning_Joe.
In just a minute Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
I’m a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the wealthiest people and largest corporations to pay their fair share 
RT @edshow: ➨ 1 hour to  with @BernieSanders on  at 5pET/4pCT/3pMT/2pPT on @msnbc!  
NOW: Sen. Sanders is talking with @LeslieMarshall today. Listen live at: 
Sen. Sanders will talk with @LeslieMarshall today from 4:06-4:15pmET. Listen live at: 
We need a new trade policy that represents working families and not just the big-money interests -Sen. Sanders 
NEWS: Corporate America wins again, Sen. Sanders says 
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them not only for CEOs of major multi-national corporations 
99% of all new income generated today goes to the top  
Today’s news: Sen. Sanders discusses , poll finds broad support for expanding social security 
Sen. Bernie Sanders: Take down the Confederate flag 
Want to intern in Sen. Bernie Sanders office? You can apply here. Deadline is June 26: 
The Confederate flag is a relic of our nation’s stained racial history. It should come down. 
I believe that the time is long overdue for the people of SC to remove the confederate flag from the state house grounds in Columbia.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
It is time to focus on the needs of the young people of our country and not more tax breaks for billionaires 
If we are prepared to stand up to the big-money interests we can create a nation that works for all Americans 
America has always been a haven for the oppressed. 
.@Pontifex: While the income of a minority is increasing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling. 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. 
Today's news: Sen. Bernie Sanders leads fight to reverse pension :
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: 
We must recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to be in the country they call home 
The week in review: Sen. Sanders unveils plan to restore pensions, responds to Charleston killings 
Since 2001, we have lost almost 60,000 factories and millions of decent paying jobs. 
Pensions are a promise made to workers and paid for by workers that simply cannot be nullified. 
Today’s news from Sen. Sanders: Charleston shooting “an act of terror” 
The American consumer does not want tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated. 
When a promise is made to the working people of this country with respect to their pensions it has got to be kept. 
Sanders' Statement on the Charleston Church Killings: 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders unveils bill to restore retirement security to 10 million retirees 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on House Trade Vote: 
 to 1998  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Coming up at 11:30amET Sen. Sanders will be livestreaming his press conference on pensions via .
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation. 
This senseless violence fills me with outrage, disgust and a deep, deep sadness.  
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation. 
Pope Francis’ powerful message on  should become a catalyst for the bold actions needed. 
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis’ Moral Message on Climate Change:  
Millions of seniors every day have to juggle their ability to buy food, buy medicine or keep themselves warm. 
Must Read: The Many Faces of Living With Debt in America -@RosenbergTennis @Slate:  
.@Neilyoung: 
My bill would help states and local government employ 1 million youth from ages 16 to 24.   
Sen. Bernie Sanders addresses the youth unemployment crisis in America, proposes youth jobs bill: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
A nation is judged by how it cares for its most vulnerable including the elderly and children. -Sen. Sanders: 
20 percent of seniors live on an average income of $7,600 a year.
Nearly 4 million seniors are “food insecure” – that means they do not know where their next meal is coming from.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: 
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today. 
We need a rational immigration process with a path to citizenship. 
Too many people are subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals 
Today’s News from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Anyone who looks at history understands our trade policies have been a disaster for American workers. -Sen. Sanders 
It is not acceptable that millions of seniors in this country are living in poverty. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on 's @EdShow.
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
NEWS: Millions of Seniors Go Hungry, GAO Finds: 
Nearly 4 million seniors (more than 1 in 5) go hungry, GAO finds: 
Enough is enough! 
Today’s news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
The war on the middle class - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @BostonGlobe: 
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on @FaceTheNation this morning. Check your local listings 
.@Pontifex: 
The economy must work for all people, not just the one percent. 
Must read: "The war on the middle class must end"- Sen. Sanders @BostonGlobe 
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @FaceTheNation 
Today's news from Sen. Sanders: the House votes on trade, the war on the middle-class and more 
The Week in Review: Sanders details his family values  
RT @GlobeOpinion: .@SenSanders: Corporate greed must end, and we must end the war on the middle class   http:/…
It’s time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty not keep them in it 
NEWS: Sanders applauds House for  vote: 
Trade agreements have got to benefit the working families of our country.   
The billionaires, and their super-PACs, increasingly control the American political process. This is not democracy. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: 
It is time that we showed the people of this country that we are not just a nation that talks about family values. 
A nation is judged morally not by the number of billionaires it has but by how it treats its most vulnerable people. 
Bernie Sanders announces his Family Values Agenda: 
The “real” unemployment is  We need to put millions of unemployed workers back to work. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Must Read: Secretive donors gave US climate denial groups $125m over three years- @suzyji @HelenaBengtsson: 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families. 
My fear is that we will learn nothing from the war in Iraq. -Sen. Sanders on the @DRShow now: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is answering questions on the @DRShow. Listen live here: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on the air talking with @DRShow. Listen live:  
RT @drshow: It's @SenSanders day. What should we ask? 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
RT @drshow: Big news: @SenSanders is on Wednesday's first hour. Don't miss it:  
We Lock Up Tons of Innocent People-and Charge Them for the Privilege -@AJVicens, @MotherJones:  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
We cannot turn our backs on this national tragedy. 
NEWS: Youth Unemployment: A National Tragedy: 
Either elected officials respond to the needs and views of an involved electorate, or they don't remain elected. 
74% of Americans believe that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
68% of Americans favor raising taxes on the rich: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Bernie Sanders: Let's Spend $ Billion to Employ 1 Million Young People: 
We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of youth unemployment in America. 
We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of youth unemployment in America. 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:10pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
NEWS: Sanders and Conyers Propose Youth Jobs Bill: 
LIVE on : Sen. Sanders discusses his youth jobs bill 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
Health care must be a right, not a privilege. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Coming up at 11am: Sen. Sanders will be at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
More than half of all American households with someone 55 or older have no retirement savings. 
Tomorrow at 11am Sen. Bernie Sanders will be at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
Fighting for American Workers: 
NEWS: Sen. Sanders to Gov. Bush: ‘No, We Will Not Cut Social Security!’:  
2002 Flashback Video: Bernie Sanders Opposes Iraq War: 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking at  @JohnsHopkins. Watch live: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with Rachel @Maddow.
Coming up at 9pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with Rachel @Maddow.
That is not the kind of free society I want for our children.   
NEWS: Half of Older Households Have No Retirement Savings: 
All Americans are entitled to live health and decent lives. 
Sanders Speaks out on NSA Spying:   
RT @katiecouric: ICYMI: I spoke w/ @SenSanders yesterday about the USA Freedom Act: 
NEWS: Sanders Opposes Domestic Spying Bill:   
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @MitchellReports.
Coming up at 12:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports.
New Data Offer First Infuriating Glimpse At How The Richest  Percent Pay Income Taxes - @PykeA @thinkprogress: 
Do you know why millions of our people are stressed out? 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
We need a political revolution. 

Poverty among senior citizens is  
RT @YahooNews: .@SenSanders tells @katiecouric "We have far, far, far too many people in jail for non-violent crimes"
RT @YahooNews: Watch live: @katiecouric interviews presidential candidate @sensanders 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @YahooNews talking with @KatieCouric. Watch live: 
RT @YahooTopNews: Live at 3  ET: Bernie Sanders talks to Katie Couric  
Coming up at 3pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @YahooNews talking with @KatieCouric. Watch live: 
RT @katiecouric: LIVE at 3pm: I'm speaking with @SenSanders: What questions would you like me to ask? Tweet me using ! http://…
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Jane and I send our condolences to the Bidens during this difficult time. -B 
.@Pontifex: 
This morning Sen. Bernie Sanders will be on @NBC's @MeetthePress. Check local listings. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
 full promise of  
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Postal Service Decision to Back Off Plans to Close Plants This Year:  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @MeetthePress.  
The Week in Review: 
Sanders Fights Rising Drug Prices: 
This is a major step forward in rebuilding our relationship with Cuba.  
Here's How You Add  Million Jobs to the Economy - @PeterGosselin, @BGov: 
It is time for trade deals that create jobs in America, not in China. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It is  
 Bernie Sanders, then chairman of the CORE social action committee, speaks at a sit-in at @UChicago in 1962. 
That is not a moral society. It must change. 
Must Read: Can We Finally Treat Food Workers Fairly? - @Bittman, @NYTimes: 
Democracy vs. Oligarchy 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
It is better to show up than to give up. 
Do we think it's moral? 
Democracy is not for sale. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
 in body, wounded in  
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
.@CornelWest: 
Must Read: Pope’s Focus on Poor Revives Scorned Theology - @NYTimes: 
.@Pontifex: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Sanders Marks Memorial Day: 
Protecting our environment is not a radical idea. 
An Orwellian  
We must revolutionize our nation's higher education system. 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Job-Killing Trade Bill: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
Protect Our Privacy: 
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the  floor. Watch live: 
 
Today virtually no piece of  
He was right. 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live:  or call in: 202-536-2370
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live:  or call in: 202-536-2370
Everyone in this country deserves a minimum standard of living. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders talks with @ChrisLHayes about the :   
Today's EXTRA news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Make College Tuition-Free:  
 In 1993, Sen. Sanders debated @SpeakerBoehner over single-payer health care:  
11 moments from Bernie Sanders's @Reddit_AMA - @mattyglesias, @voxdotcom:  
Senate Votes on Job-Killing Trade Bill:    
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Job-Killing Trade Bill:   
The TPP Must Be Defeated:  
We must make this stop. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Do you believe the federal government should do more to make college affordable for everyone? 
NEWS: After 5 Big Banks Plead Guilty to Crimes, Sanders Says Wall Street Business Model is Fraud: 
If people work 40 hours a week, they deserve not to live in dire poverty.   
NEWS: Sanders Applauds LA Vote to Raise Minimum Wage:   
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on  talking about his education bill to make tuition free at public colleges and universities.
Coming up at 5:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be on 's @EdShow.
VIDEO: Make College Tuition-Free: 
Make College Tuition-Free: 
It is time for a fundamental change in how we approach the financing of higher  
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on  talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be on  talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Bill Clinton promised hope for this Tennessee town. It’s still waiting. - @WashingtonPost: 
NEWS: Sanders: Make College Tuition-Free: 
LIVE on : Sen. Bernie Sanders is announcing his bill to make 4-year public colleges/universities tuition … 
It's Official: The Class of 2015 Has the Most Student Loan Debt in History - @ZeeshanAleem, @MicNews:  
Coming up at 11:30amET Sen. Sanders will livestream a press conf via  where he'll announce his new education bill.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
At a time when the richest 85 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom 3  
Sanders Fights Rising Drug Prices: 
Must Read: Perils in Trade Deals When Factories Close and Towns Struggle: 
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings File Bill on Rising Rx Prices: 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt: 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
The Week in Review: 
Maybe it's time to get our priorities right. 
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): 
Sanders to Senate: No on TPP: 
.@RichardTrumka: 
NEWS: Sanders: No to Job-Killing Trade Bill:  
The billionaire class already controls much of our economy, and now they want to control the United States government as well.
RT @TulsiGabbard: This movement is fueled by love, but it’s won by your votes. Cast your ballot and let your voice be heard. 
…
At the same time, Congress should focus on demilitarization and ending a criminal justice system that targets African-Americans.
It is time for local police departments to start listening to their communities' concerns and enact policies that reflect those concerns.
Over the past 30 years, the wealth of the 400 richest Americans has grown  736%—10 times the growth for Latin@s. 

The American people should not have to go without health care because Congress does not have the courage to stand up to the drug industry.
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.

RT @keithellison: Thanx to all progressives who ran, whether you won or not. Keep standing for what's right; The movement is all GO!
No one person alone can address the enormous problems facing working families in America. It will take a movement of millions of people.
Must read: "Just as past public policies created the racial wealth gap, current policy widens it."

The truth is that no great nation can survive economically, morally, or politically when so few have so much and so many have so little.
RT @KatrinaNation: My take this am-- The Sanders movement is only just beginning 
We have gotta, at the grassroots level, encourage people to get involved. That’s exactly what we are going to do. 

To my friends in CT, WI, MN and VT: I hope to see you at the voting booths today! Engage in the political process and reclaim our democracy.
Our infrastructure is collapsing and the American people know it. Time to invest in roads &amp; bridges, not more jails.
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. 
RT @350action: HUGE victory as Coloradans stand up the to fracking industry to put community health + safety on the ballot in Nov. https://…
At a time when this world faces so many problems, the corporate media will talk about everything in the world except important issues.
There is something profoundly wrong when billionaires are buying elections. That's not democracy.
Russ Feingold is someone we need in the Senate, and I'm proud to endorse his campaign. Go vote for @russfeingold today! 
Maybe, just maybe, something is wrong when we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earth.
It's time we had democratic socialism for working families, not just the very rich. We do that by ending huge tax breaks for billionaires.
The most important thing you can do to move the political revolution forward is sign up to host an event on Aug. 24: 
All of the pundits always tell us what we cannot accomplish until the day after we accomplish it. That's been the story of struggle.
Let us feed our children first, educate our children first, and worry about the military-industrial complex later!
Do we stand with the 20 percent of our children who live in poverty or the military-industrial complex pumping billions into bombers?
The middle class is still suffering from the horrendous damage financial institutions and insurance companies did to this country in 2008.
Some members of Congress —  mostly men, I should add — are trying to roll back the clock on women’s rights. We can't let that happen.
Because of the greed and illegal behavior on Wall Street, millions lost their jobs, homes and ability to send their kids to college.
If the American people at the grassroots level begin to stand up and fight back, profound and positive changes take place across America.
RT @PramilaJayapal: Sad that the 51st anniversary of the  will be marked by the first US election in 50 years without its f…
It's an embarrassment that the Republican-led Congress, has refused to consider legislation to repair the damage to the Voting Rights Act.
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day or a year. It's the struggle of a lifetime.
RT @latimes: An op-ed by Bernie Sanders: I support Hillary Clinton. So should everyone who voted for me  …
It is an absolute outrage that we have Republican governors and legislators working overtime making it harder for people to vote.
We must remember the price paid for the right to vote. Change comes when the people demand it –  in the voting booth and on the streets.
Today, marks the 51-year anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, a milestone in the fight for civil rights. 
This campaign was never about Bernie Sanders. It's about a grassroots movement of Americans standing up and saying: 'Enough is enough!'
We must work to transform American society by making our political and economic systems work for all of us, not just the 1 percent.
We become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native born and immigrant stand together.
Together we can revitalize our democracy and empower new progressive leaders. But we need your help. Join us: 
Together, we built something unprecedented through our presidential campaign. Now, we must take the next steps for our political revolution.
Election days come and go, but the struggle for economic, social, racial and environmental justice will always continue.
In 1977, 22 percent of all the jobs in this country were in manufacturing. Today, that figure is down to 8 percent.
For the first time in our history, American families have more student debt than credit card debt. That is an extraordinary reality.
Congress must ensure our elections belong to individual voters not billionaire donors.
Many children today enter kindergarten behind where they should be intellectually and emotionally because of inadequate childcare.
I am getting tired of being lectured by CEOs of large corporations who want to cut Social Security benefits in exchange for tax breaks.
The fact is that for many years, Republicans have been attempting to either cut Social Security or privatize it. We can't let that happen.
We "can't afford" benefits for some of the people who are struggling the hardest, but Congress has no issue with tax breaks for the Waltons.
All over the world, countries are saying, "Let us put an end to state murder. Let us stop capital punishment." Time for us to do the same.
Election days come and go, but the struggle continues. Add a $27 contribution to Our Revolution and join us:

When you think of the political revolution, I want you to think about @PramilaJayapal. 
Pramila is taking on special interests and fighting for working families. Big win for our revolution! 
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.
Climate change is real, caused by human activity and already creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world.
In my view, not only should we bring back Glass-Steagall, we should break up the big banks that are larger now than when we bailed them out!
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country – once the envy of the world – has been disappearing.
RT @PramilaJayapal: Encourage everyone you know to  in today's Primary &amp; show your support by using the hashtag  ht…
The GOP is working overtime disenfranchising minorities. If Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
RT @Tim_Canova: Today is the last day to switch party affiliation to Democrat to vote in our August 30th primary! 
We must demand that the United States join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care and education to all as a right.
Fundamental and transformational change doesn't happen overnight – it takes time to happen. This movement has got to continue.
What the continuation of the political revolution means is activating political consciousness across America and getting people involved.
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and over half of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Our job is not done. We must stand up and take on the billionaire class. That fight must continue the day after the election.
Let me be clear: we MUST continue the political revolution. We must continue to bring in millions of people into the fight for justice.
I don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
Trump has taken people's anger and anxiety about terrorism and converted it into anger against Mexicans or Muslims. It's wrong and immoral.
We need to end the race to the bottom and enact trade policies that demand that American corporations create jobs here, and not just abroad.
RT @FaceTheNation: This morning: @BernieSanders joins us to discuss his historic campaign and the push for party unity heading into Novembe…
If corporate America wants us to buy their products, they damn well better start manufacturing them here in America.
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing.
Our trade policies written by corporate America have cost us millions of jobs and have led to a race to the bottom.
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.
What Republicans are saying is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I strongly disagree.
Loudly and clearly, we must tell Republicans: no, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
Republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires.
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that we're gonna allow them to win.
I congratulate @HillaryClinton on this historic achievement. We are stronger together.
We must end the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality that we currently experience, the worst it has been since 1928.
Trump wants to abolish the Affordable Care Act and throw 20 million people off of health insurance. We can't let that happen. 
What we are dealing with now is quite honestly, the worst Republican candidate in the modern history of the United States of America.
Now, more than ever, is the time for millions of families to come together and revitalize American democracy.

A truly beautiful moment from last night's roll call vote at the Democratic National 

The GOP wants us to forget that the greed and illegal behavior on Wall Street caused the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.
Drug companies should not be making billions in profits while one in five Americans are unable to afford the medicine they need.
Thank you @KillerMike for advocating for the issues that are affecting working-class Americans across our country. 
Take enormous pride in the historical accomplishments we have achieved together. 

We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian-American, Native American – all of us – stand together.
This election is about making sure that young people in this country are in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
RT @HillaryClinton: Stronger together. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: My friends, because this is a movement fueled by love, it can never be stopped or defeated.  
Election days come and go. But political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.
This election is not just about electing a president. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
RT @TulsiGabbard: Proud to have the opportunity today to nominate my friend @BernieSanders at the DNCC.   …
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders at New York delegation breakfast: The Democratic Party "needs to open its doors"  …
Never tweet. 
Thank you, Philadelphia!  
What we have done together is unprecedented, but our fight is not done. Join Our Revolution: 
Our job now is to see a progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency!
It is no secret that Hillary Clinton and I disagree on a number of issues. That’s what this campaign and what democracy is about.
If you don’t believe this election is important, if you think you can sit it out: you're wrong. Think about the future of the Supreme Court.
While Trump believes in huge tax breaks for billionaires, he believes states should have the right to lower the minimum wage below $
We need leaders who bring us together and make us stronger, not leaders who insult Latinos, Muslims, women and blacks and divide us up.
Together, my friends, we have begun a political revolution to transform America and that revolution – our revolution – continues.
RT @DemConvention: "Our revolution continues." @BernieSanders  
Many here are disappointed. I think it’s fair to say that no one is more disappointed than I am. But take pride in what we've accomplished.
And to my delegates: Thank you for all the work you’ve done. I look forward to your votes during the roll call on Tuesday night.
Thank you to the 13 million Americans who voted for the political revolution, giving us 46 percent of the pledged delegates here tonight.
RT @gov: Live: Bernie Sanders addresses the . Tune in on Twitter below. 
Election Days come and go but the fight for social, economic, racial and environmental justice continues. 
We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. 
Tonight at the Democratic National Convention I'll address the future of our movement. Will you watch? 

Young people are the future of America, and they want a role in shaping that future! 
Thank you to all of the delegates representing our revolution in Philadelphia!  
I've said it since day one: this campaign is about more than electing a president. It is about enacting a progressive agenda across America!
We need a party which is prepared to stand up for the 47 million people in this country who are living in poverty!
In the State of New York 3 million Independent voters could not participate in the Democratic nominee process. It's time for open primaries.
Sanders Statement on DNC Chair Resignation 
The party leadership must always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the 2016 race.
We'll keep fighting for a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice.

RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders: "Most of my supporters understand Trump has got to be defeated"  
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "should resign, period" following DNC email leak.  …
This is a tremendous victory in the fight to democratize the Democratic Party and reform the nominating process.

It is time for us to have a government which represents all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we need tax policies that demand that the wealthy start paying their fair share of taxes.
The toxic chemicals used in fracking are known to cause lung cancer and birth defects. We must ban fracking and .
No amount of regulation can safely guard against the dangers fracking poses to our land, water, air, natural resources and public health.
We need to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour over the next few years, and implement pay equity for women workers.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply, the air we breathe and it’s contributing to climate change. Time to phase out fracking nationwide.
With real unemployment near 10 percent, we need a jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of jobs.
Both the @EPA and the @theNASciences have shown clear evidence that hydraulic fracturing can lead to a contaminated water supply.
RT @TulsiGabbard: People are frustrated with the same-old politics as usual. The problem is simple: too many of our leaders have forgotten…
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country, and not just the 1 percent.
Billions of dollars are being funneled into our elections in a form of legalized bribery.
Trump’s Supreme Court nominees would, like Scalia, oppose a woman’s right to choose, support Citizens United and gut the Voting Rights Act.
Trump’s economic plan: let states lower the federal minimum wage of $ an hour, already a starvation wage.
Trump’s economic plan: same old, same old trickle-down economics. Pathetic. 
Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? 
Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.” My supporters understand that we must move away from fossil fuels, not expand them. 
Our movement understands that what we don't need is Trump's huge tax breaks for millionaires. 
Looks like Ted Cruz was right about one thing. Trump does not understand what the Constitution is about. 
Trump: “I alone can fix this.” Maybe he doesn’t understand that a president has to work with Congress. 
Trump: “I alone can fix this.”
Is this guy running for president or dictator? 
Still waiting for a single word about covering the 28 million Americans without health insurance. I guess they don’t matter much to Trump.
Citizens United is one of the worst decisions in our history. Will Trump mention it or is he too afraid of the Koch brothers? 
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump clothing in Mexico. 
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump ties in China.
Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump shirts in Bangladesh at 30-cents an hour. 
What a hypocrite! If Trump wants to "fix" trade he can start by making his products in the US, not low-wage countries abroad. 
Trump’s economic plan: $ trillion in tax breaks for millionaires, cut programs for low-income Americans. 
Trump’s big economic plans: Give trillions in tax breaks to millionaires, refuse to raise the federal minimum wage. 
 
Trump is wrong. The real cause of instability in the Middle East was the Bush-Cheney invasion of Iraq. By the way, where is President Bush?
We believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up.
Those who voted for me will not support Trump who has made bigotry and divisiveness the cornerstone of his campaign. 
Will Trump mention climate change, the great environmental crisis of our time? Been waiting for a year now. 
Every American over 18 must be automatically registered to vote so that young people can make their voices heard at the ballot box.
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.
Change comes when the people demand it — in the voting booth and on the streets in peaceful demonstrations.
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is the struggle of a lifetime.
When the votes of minorities are suppressed, it becomes easier for politicians who represent billionaires to win and hold elected office.
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos or Muslims. We are going to stand together.
Make no mistake: the billionaire class does not want young and working people to vote.
In the shameful days of open segregation, literacy laws were used to suppress minority voting. Today, Republicans do it with photo ID laws.
Through a Prize Fund we can provide affordable access to medicines as soon as they are available on the market.
The prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions Americans and people die because of it.
It should offend the conscience of every American when the votes of minorities are suppressed.

Poverty should not be a death sentence, neither in the United States nor anywhere else.  Yet it is, much to our disgrace.
We will defeat Donald Trump because we know that love trumps hatred.

It’s fun for the media to treat Trump like a character in a soap opera, but the truth is his language is dangerous.
In my view, it makes a lot more sense to be investing in jobs and education, than more jails and incarceration.
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice, for environmental sanity and for peace.
If @realDonaldTrump wants to open the door to racism, it is our job to shut that door, and shut it tight.
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
I believe we have a moral obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military intervention.
Trump suggested limiting immigration according to religion and creating a national database based on religion – absolutely disgraceful.
To advance the cause of peace, the United States has also got to be a friend not only to Israel, but to the Palestinian people.
We have got to say to the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are not more important than the future of this planet.
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer.
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say. Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable.
What we've accomplished so far is historic – but our work is far from over. This political revolution must continue.

Today in America we not only have an absence level of wealth and income inequality, we have a power structure that protects that inequality.
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors.
Our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents. This is not what America is about.

I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.
Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all.
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors.
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.
At what point will Congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough?
American pharmaceutical companies couple outrageous prices on drugs with new and inventive ways to avoid paying taxes. It's truly shameless.
This is not a moment. It's a movement. And you are our movement. Get involved: 
We must allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices and reduce the barriers to importing prescription drugs from Canada and other countries.
Real tax reform means Wall Street, the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share.

We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.
War must be the last resort, not the first response.
Change cannot take place without political participation.
RT @KatrinaNation: How Bernie Sanders Delivered the Most Progressive Platform in Democratic Party History via @thenation …
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues.
Shameful. We must require states to collect data on deaths that happen in police custody and make that data public. 
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. 
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many people in America are serving unnecessarily long mandatory minimum sentences.
We must implement universal voter registration, so that anyone 18 years of age or older who is eligible to vote is automatically registered.
The debate is over. Climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and is already causing devastating damage to the entire planet.
In the United States of America we can create the conditions that allow people who are released from prison to stay out.
RT @LULAC: .@BernieSanders speaks on immigration reform, criminal justice reform, and pay equity at  convention. …
Pathetic. Billionaire Bully Trump wants to give huge tax breaks to the rich but opposes raising the federal minimum wage of $
Republican governors are working overtime to suppress the vote. If Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
Sandra Bland. We will .
RT @CBSThisMorning: AHEAD ON @CBSThisMorning: @BernieSanders joins us 
The United States should be leading the world in pushing our energy system away from fossil fuel and toward sustainable energy.
The only long-term solution to America's health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program. 
As you have throughout this historic campaign, I ask for your support as we continue through November and beyond.

RT @TheDemocrats: "Now more than ever our country needs our movement." A note from @BernieSanders:  …
We will never stop fighting for what is right. This movement of ours — this political revolution — must continue. 

Big talk from the same guy who was too afraid to debate Bernie in California. 
RT @BernieSanders: If you’re interested in more than just electing a president, we need your help.  …
Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency.
RT @BernieSanders: This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders. It's about the needs of the American people &amp; the ideas to addre…
RT @HillaryClinton: Watch live as @BernieSanders joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire. 
Thank you to the 13 million Americans who voted for me and the hundreds of thousands of volunteers who worked so hard on our campaign.
.@HillaryClinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that. 

Together, we have begun a political revolution to transform America and that revolution continues. Together. Not me, us.
We must ensure that progress does not end on the platform's pages, but becomes reality. The fight is just beginning.

The  has less than 5 percent of the world’s population, yet we incarcerate about a quarter of its prisoners — some  million people.
Children sleep out on the street while corporations do not pay a nickel in corporate taxes. That, together, we are going to change.
No one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars.
"Raising the federal minimum wage is the beginning of creating an America as good as its promise.” – @NinaTurner 
The cost of war is great, and it is far more than the billions of dollars we spend on planes, tanks and guns. 
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the  and global economy.
When we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Stand with our delegates and help get them to Philly: 
The Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. If that ain't rigged, I don't know what is.
Fraud™ 
The business model on Wall Street.
Why is it that kids are jailed for possessing marijuana but nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions?
While we have made great progress advancing important issues, the fight is just beginning. 

Thanks to millions of people across the country, we have the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party. Thank you!
Democrats agreed to the most aggressive plan to combat climate change in the history of the party yesterday.

The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
"Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.” - John F. Kennedy 
The Democratic Convention is only a couple weeks away, but many of our delegates can't afford it. Chip in: 
RT @billmckibben: When you organize you win. Millions of people have begun to shift climate policy. And so grateful to @BernieSanders for e…
The current federal min. wage is a starvation wage. Looking forward to this living wage of $15 an hour becoming law.

RT @DFAaction: .@PramilaJayapal knows that  is one of the most important issues of today.   …
It's time to end the federal ban on marijuana.  
We've earned almost 1,900 convention delegates, but for many it's too expensive to attend. Help get them to Philly:

Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas. 
RT @BenJealous: .@HillaryClinton is against the TPP. @BernieSanders is against the TPP. Let’s not be bureaucrats – let’s be leaders. …
You don't need a degree in economics to understand that our trade agreements have failed.

RT @billmckibben: Sanders delegates currently delivering 700,000 anti  signatures to Democratic platform meeting. Heating up https://t.…
Together these steps will get us closer to the day when everyone in America has access to quality, affordable health care.
Efforts to give Americans a public-option choice and to expand Medicare by allowing people to opt in at 55 years are important steps.
Today's proposal by @HillaryClinton is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to millions of Americans.
The goal of health care reform in America is to guarantee health care for all as a right, what every other major country on earth does.
Thank you @NinaTurner for your leadership at the Democratic Platform Committee and getting this amendment passed.

A few years ago, the fight for $15 was considered radical. Today, it is a cornerstone of the Democratic Party. Now let's make it the law.
RT @thehill: JUST IN: 700,000 sign Sanders' petition opposing trade agreement  
It is clear that we need to fundamentally reject our “free trade” policies and move to fair trade.
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty. This is nearly one out of every four Latinos in this country.
Two candidates need your help to continue the political revolution: @PramilaJayapal and @Tim_Canova. Make calls: 
They tell us that unfettered free trade would increase jobs. Over and over again, they've been proven wrong.

In the richest country in the history of the world, it is not a radical idea to make sure that every American is entitled to health care.
It's up to the next Democratic president of the United States to fulfill the legacies of FDR and Truman and guarantee health care for all.
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy.

The attack on police officers in Dallas last night is horrifying and despicable. We must as a nation stand against violence of all kinds.
It's not acceptable that a handful of billionaires is now controlling our political process and the corporate media refuse to talk about it.
Esto es lo que queremos, y vamos a continuar luchando para conseguirlo: 
Our Democratic platform calls for enacting a 21st-century Glass-Steagall Act and breaking up too-big-to-fail banks.

When we guarantee health care for all, every American will be able to see a doctor when they need to and not worry about going bankrupt.
The majority of Democrats are opposed to the TPP. Thank you to the 700,000 who signed the petitions. 

 to Bernie talking about the obscene amount of corporate media coverage given to Donald  IN 1990!

Last chance to sign the petition opposing the TPP to be delivered to the Democratic Platform Committee tomorrow! 

RT @CREDOMobile: MUST WATCH new video: @SenWarren on why we need to  
I kind of think that if every other major country can have health care as a right, then you know what? So can the United States of America.
If both Clinton and I agree that the TPP should not get to the floor of Congress, why isn't this in the platform?

As South Carolina Rep. Wendell Gilliard proclaimed: "Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color."
We need real criminal justice reform so that people can walk down the street without worrying about whether they'll get harassed or shot.
Today African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police. 
The violence that killed Alton Sterling and Philando Castile has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and IT. MUST. STOP.
The  is the only major country on earth that does not provide universal health care to all.
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections
When somebody is killed while in police custody, it should automatically trigger a DOJ investigation.  
For perhaps the first time in modern history, our younger generation will probably have a lower standard of living than their parents.
The Senate is voting on a very bad piece of Monsanto-backed legislation today. Text GMO to 82623 to oppose it. 
RT @wolfblitzer: Senator @BernieSanders joins me live today during 1PM ET hour. We have lots to discuss.  @CNN
Congress must stand up to the multi-national food industry and reject this outrageous bill. Text GMO to 82623 to call your senators.
Monsanto is spending millions of dollars to overturn legislation passed by states that calls for the labeling of GMO food.
I applaud @HillaryClinton for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education.
For some, it means not going to college at all. For others, it means graduating school with crippling student loan debt.
As I traveled throughout the country, I heard over and over again what the high costs of college and student debt do to people's lives.
When parents buy food for their children, they have a right to know what they're feeding them. We must allow states to require GMO labeling.
Despite major increases in productivity, the median male worker in America today is making $726 dollars LESS than he did in 1973.
We need to end the international scandal in which large corporations avoid paying trillions in taxes to their national governments.
RT @WorkingFamilies: It just makes sense! Tell the  committee to :  
RT @greenpeaceusa: Fracking is just one reason we need to   
RT @RoseAnnDeMoro: For the sake of workers, our health &amp; the -sign this petition!  in the  …
.@TheDemocrats must go on record in opposition to holding a vote on the TPP.   
RT @OurPoliticalRev: The American government needs to learn from its mistakes. NAFTA, CAFTA, and PNTR were disastrous.  https://…
We don't need more unfettered free trade deals that outsource millions of jobs and shut down tens of thousands of factories. 
Elected officials must focus on protecting the environment for our future generations, not enable polluters to curb regulations. 
RT @citizenstrade: Urge the Democratic Party Platform Committee to officially oppose the  here:  
RT @CWAUnion: Opposition to TPP must be in @TheDemocrats Platform. Urge the platform committee to oppose the TPP here  https://t…
A disastrous trade agreement should not be "fast-tracked" for a vote on Congress. In fact, it should never be brought to a vote. 
RT @People4Bernie: Virtually every major environmental group is opposed to the TPP  
RT @DFAaction: Both @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton opposed the .  should reflect their opposition.  https://…
It is clear that we need to fundamentally reject our “free trade” policies and move to fair trade.  
We need to fundamentally change the relationship between the  Government and the Native American community.

Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
While we're trying to supplement our nearly 1900 delegates' trips to the convention, they're largely self-funding. Help them out if you can.
We have got to cut military spending around the globe and address the true causes of war: poverty, hatred, hopelessness and ignorance.
Let’s be clear: we have an economic model developed by the economic elite to benefit the economic elite. Time for real change.
Today we celebrate 240 years of American independence. Happy 4th of July! 
We shouldn't have to compete against workers in low-wage countries. Instead, we should help those countries develop sustainable economies.
Let's try something radical and practice democracy. Write your Senators &amp; ask them to oppose the Monsanto GMO bill:

The top 1 percent now owns more wealth than the whole of the bottom 99 percent. How has this been accepted for so long?
At a time when huge financial institutions are bigger now than before they were bailed out, we must enact a 21st-century Glass-Steagall Act.
The Party platform drafted in St. Louis is an excellent start but, let us be clear, it's a document that needs to be significantly improved.
RT @GunnelsWarren: The political revolution of 2016 will continue. It cannot and will not fade into the night. On to Orlando. …
The Democratic Party needs to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. 

Write to your Senators and ask them to oppose the GMO labeling bill supported by corporations like Monsanto.

The issue of labeling our food isn’t controversial. The overwhelming majority of Americans favor GMO labeling.
The Dem Party must go on record in opposition to holding a vote on the TPP during the lame-duck session of Congress.

People have a right to know what is in the food they eat and the Senate shouldn't stop states from passing laws that let that happen.
The American people have made it perfectly clear time and time again: climate change is real and we must take bold action to curb it today.
Fossil fuel executives are hell-bent on doing everything in their power to block action and they're doing it by bankrolling elections.
Some corporations have deliberately chosen to put profits ahead of the health of people and our planet. They must be brought to justice.
We must do all we can to ensure Donald Trump does not become president. Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office.
We must move forward with climate justice policies that recognize the public health risks faced by low-income and minority communities.
Some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. In the year 2016. It's a national embarrassment.
Citizens United amounts to legalized bribery – plain and simple.
Public funding of elections increases voter participation and lowers time spent on fundraising, allowing politicians to work on real issues.
Putting a price on carbon via a carbon tax is one of the most cost-effective strategies for quickly fighting climate change.
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven, I'll do all I can to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
The Democratic Platform includes some accomplishments that will begin to move this country in the right direction.

We must ban offshore drilling, stop dirty pipeline projects like the Keystone XL and stop exports of liquefied natural gas and crude oil.
For every dollar invested in energy efficiency, families and businesses can enjoy up to $4 in energy savings.
If this country is about anything, it’s about religious freedom and religious tolerance. We're not going to accept Trump's bigotry.
The Dem Platform includes many important issues but it's missing a big one: opposing the TPP. Sign the petition: 
Queremos un sistema político y económico que trabaje para todos nosotros, no sólo para los multimillonarios.

Let’s be frank, we have a very corrupt campaign finance system that allows Wall Street and billionaires to buy elections. That's gotta end.
Are we able to bring all of our nearly 1,900 delegates to the Democratic convention? Pitch in before midnight.

We still have, despite the gains of the Affordable Care Act, 28 million people with no health insurance. How is that moral?
People are catching on that the ideas that they have are in fact mainstream ideas that millions of others support.

Can you make a contribution towards ensuring we get all of our delegates to the Democratic convention next month?

If we all make our voices heard, we can win the fight against the TPP. Sign our petition and stand with us:  
Trade is a good thing but it has to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair. We must ensure the TPP doesn't come up for a vote. 
We need trade policies that benefit American workers, not just corporate CEOs. Democrats must do all they can to defeat the TPP. 
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities all over this country. 
Tell the DNC: We have gotta strongly oppose bad trade agreements like the TPP in the Party Platform. 

Our job is to do everything we can to rally support for an amendment to the platform in strong opposition to the TPP. 
We've made some great progress in the Democratic Party platform, but more needs to be done. We must defeat the disastrous TPP. 
Tell the DNC Platform Committee to prevent the disastrous TPP trade deal from ever coming up for a vote. 

Today, the wealthiest 62 people on this planet own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population — around  billion people.
That is our greatest danger: becoming used to it and thinking it is normal. It is NOT normal. It is an outrage.
We cannot allow ourselves to become used to the fact that we have tens of thousands of children in this country who are homeless.
Today, thousands of undocumented workers face horrific working conditions and they can't fight back because they have no legal rights.
An important step, but we must aggressively transition from ALL fossil fuels and nuclear to sustainable energy. 
We must make it clear in the Democratic platform that we're opposed to the TPP getting on the floor of the Congress.

But we don't need change based on the demagogy, bigotry and anti-immigrant sentiment that punctuated much of the Leave campaign’s rhetoric.
The global economy is not working for the majority of people in our country and the world. We need real change.
RT @nytopinion: .@BernieSanders: The rejection of globalization that powered Brexit could happen in the   https:…
The Democratic Party needs to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. 
The United States of America should not treat Puerto Rico like a colony. That's not a radical idea.
"Physics is a poor negotiating partner. It does not compromise and it is uninterested in battleground states."

When we talk about the measure of a “great nation,” it’s not the number of billionaires, but how we treat the most vulnerable amongst us.
.@EricKingsonNY is a long-time fighter to protect Social Security. Help him win his primary in New York today: 
RT @GunnelsWarren: We will work with a large grassroots movement in support of an amendment to the Democratic platform to . https:/…
We must end our grotesque level of income and wealth inequality whereby 20 individuals own more wealth than the bottom half of America.
They tell us the only thing we can get is incremental change. We tell them: no thanks. We're thinking big and demanding real change.
This political revolution is not about Bernie Sanders or anybody else. It's about you and millions of voters. You are the revolutionaries.
Every year air pollution is responsible for  million deaths and it's getting worse. We must take bold action NOW.

Help create real change by electing progressives with congressional primaries tomorrow. Call voters in New York: 
What do we want? We want a government of the people, by the people and for the people. 
Today SCOTUS reaffirmed a woman's access to a safe and legal abortion as a constitutional right. A victory for women across America.
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
The American people are angry. But we must not succumb to the bigotry and divisiveness of Donald Trump and others like him.
We must take on the greed and power of corporate America, and create a government and an economy that works for all, not just the 1 percent.
Unfettered free trade has made multi-national corporations more profitable while leading to the loss of millions of good-paying jobs.
We must build upon this great progress and continue the fight for full equality for the LGBTQ community.
On this day last year, the Supreme Court breathed life into the words engraved in the building’s marble pediment: ‘Equal Justice under Law.’
The middle class in the United States has been in decline for 35 years while there has been a huge increase in income and wealth inequality.
We need to create a Democratic Party which fights for working families and not just wealthy campaign contributors.

What the mainstream media has got to understand is that they are far removed from the reality of where many American people are.
Despite what the establishment thinks in talking to each other, it turns out that ordinary Americans want real change.
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on : @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the state of the 2016 race. 
Our job is to pass the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party. 

We need to start engaging in political office at every level – from the school board on up. Well, you  
It's long past time we opened up the military to openly transgender people. Happy to see this step toward equality.

Never lose your sense of outrage.

I don't want you to think you're courageous radicals. You are not. Turns out that our ideas are mainstream and supported by millions people.
I'm disappointed and dismayed that allies of Hillary Clinton beat back Democratic Party platform proposals on trade.

We're not gonna allow the corporate media to define the issues for us. It's up to us to talk about reality in America.
My supporters are smart enough to know that we do not want a bigot to become president of the United States. 
cc: @realDonaldTrump
America needs YOU to run!  
Not only do we need to fix our broken immigration system, we also need to end the rigged economy that's destroying our middle class.
My father’s story, my story, the modern immigrant’s story is the story of America – and it is a story that must be celebrated, not reviled.
This is not about me. It is, and has to be, about us. 
RT @politico:  LIVE: @BernieSanders' "Where We Go From Here” speech 
Today we are spending $80 billion a year locking up  million Americans, disproportionately African-American, Latino, and Native-American.
It is time to stop building jails and invest in the future. Our young people should be working or in school, not rotting in a jail cell.
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight! @BernieSanders is not on the Trump Train. 

Our country needs somebody who brings us together, not divides us up. 

Hispanic women in this country don’t need just 55 cents compared to men – they need the whole damn dollar.
 to Bernie talking about the political revolution and giving power back to the average American in 1990.

This decision reaffirms that our nation is stronger when we create a more diverse and inclusive environment. 
Senate Republicans must stop playing politics and confirm a ninth justice to the Supreme Court.
We cannot let their future, and the future of so many more vulnerable people, fall into the bigoted hands of Donald Trump.
Today's deadlocked immigration ruling means that more than 4 million aspiring Americans will be left waiting for much-needed answers.
Tune in to CBS tonight at 11:35 EDT for Bernie on the @colbertlateshow! 
Join us to hear what comes next for our campaign and our political revolution today in NYC. RSVP:   
We must end the current deportation machine in America. The rounding up of families that happened around Christmas time must end.
My supporters and I want real change in this country. Here’s what we want:

In my view, now is the time to recognize that there is another option to help the people of Puerto Rico, not just austerity. 
We spend $80 billion a year locking up  million Americans, disproportionately African-American, Latino and Native-American. 
Trump's divisive rhetoric is unacceptable and must be rejected. We don’t need a wall and barbed wire; we need to fix our immigration system.
I have seen the sadness of families torn apart by a broken immigration system in the United States. This human suffering has got to end.
RT @NALEO: HAPPENING NOW: Presidential Candidate @BernieSanders at ! More than  million Latinos are expected to vote this N…
RT @DFAaction: State by state, candidates like @EricKingsonNY are working to bring  to Washington.   https://t.…
It is time to expand Social Security, not cut it.

The Republican Party now controls both the governors’ mansions and statehouses in 23 states. That is just unacceptable.
Call voters for @ZephyrTeachout:  
Election days come and go. But political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end. 
RT @scottbix: Thirty-one years ago, @BernieSanders proclaimed "Gay Pride Day" in Burlington. 
.@realDonaldTrump's agenda of tax cuts for the rich, lower wages and divisive, bigoted rhetoric is contrary to everything we stand for.
We must aggressively combat climate change by moving to energy efficiency and sustainable energy and imposing a tax on carbon.
RT @NALEO: Democratic Presidential Candidate @BernieSanders to Address  in Washington   …
This is the energy we need to transform the Democratic Party, take on special interests and transform our country.

The Democratic Party needs a 50-state strategy. We may not win in every state tomorrow but we must provide resources to these states.
Sadly, the current Democratic leadership has turned its back on dozens of states and allowed right-wing politicians to win elections.
We must resist all efforts to cut Social Security. Instead, we've gotta fight to expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.
The greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street has got to end. It's up to us to end it for them.
We must defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership and make certain that it does not get a vote in a lame-duck session of Congress.
From Flint, Michigan to California we have communities unable to drink the polluted water that comes out of their faucets. In the year 2016.
The reality is that today millions of our fellow Americans are working at starvation wages.
Our brave young men and women in the military should not thrown into perpetual warfare in wars we should not be fighting.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. It's time for the United States to implement a single-payer system like Medicare for all.
We must ban fracking if we want to protect our water supply.
It’s not very hard to understand that potential terrorists, criminals and the dangerously mentally ill should not have access to guns.
These proposals are commonsense. It is incomprehensible as to why Republicans would oppose them.   
America has always been a beacon of hope for those fleeing violence and persecution. We cannot turn our backs on refugees. 
Our welcoming nature has been a point of pride for decades: we believe in helping all refugees from around the world. 
We can't allow guns to fall into the hands of people who shouldn't have them and that includes those on the terror watch list.
It's long past time to end the gun show loophole and expand instant background checks.
Today, millions of bright young kids are struggling with suffocating levels of student debt. As a nation we must end that disgrace.
RT @Tim_Canova: I’m Tim Canova and I’m challenging Wasserman Schultz in the Democratic primary for Florida’s 23rd district. AMA!
https://t.…
Why is it that in the richest country on earth we are experiencing the highest level of childhood poverty of almost any major country?
Real change happens when tens of millions of people say “enough is enough” and become engaged in the fight for justice.
Today the 20 wealthiest people own more wealth than the bottom 150 million. We must end this grotesque level of income inequality.
Why is it that our Native American brothers and sisters on some reservations have a life expectancy lower than many third-world countries?
It is a disgrace that hundreds of thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college because their families lack the income.
Happy Fathers Day! 
We must resist efforts to cut Social Security and, in fact, expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.

In many inner cities, kids now stand a greater chance of ending up in jail than ending up with a college degree. That's gotta end.
We must compete effectively in a global economy by making public colleges and universities tuition-free.
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country on earth and move toward real criminal justice reform.
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right and not a privilege.
Current leadership has allowed right-wing politicians to win elections in some states with virtually no opposition. 
We must pass comprehensive immigration reform and provide a path toward citizenship for 11 million undocumented people.
We must ensure that women will no longer make 79 cents on the dollar compared to men and that we fight for pay equity.
We must fight to make certain that women throughout the country have the right to control their own bodies.
Bernie supporters want to run for office in: 
🐦 51% of state house districts 
🐦 69% of state senate districts &amp;
🐦 every  House district.
If we are serious about criminal justice reform, we must remove marijuana from the federal Controlled Substances Act.
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.
As I have said throughout this campaign, the Democratic Party must support raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.
We must ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons, end the gun show loophole and expand instant background checks.
My hope is that when future historians look back on the campaign of 2016 they will say that is where it all began. Thank you 
Please go to my website at  to learn more about how you can effectively run for office. 
We must start engaging at the local and state level in an unprecedented way.  
Fact: Since 2009, some 900 legislative seats have been lost to Republicans in state after state.  
The political revolution means more than fighting for our ideals at the Democratic National Convention and defeating Trump. 
I look forward to working with @HillaryClinton in the coming weeks. 
This campaign is about defeating @realDonaldTrump, the Republican candidate for president.  
This campaign has never been about any single candidate. It is about transforming America. 
Special thanks to the students struggling with loans, seniors on Social Security, workers earning low wages &amp; the unemployed. 
Unprecedented: 
✅  million people donated to our movement 
✅ with over 8 million contributions
✅ at an average of $27.

Something extraordinarily important happened in this campaign – something that I had not anticipated.  
RT @YouTube: [LIVE] @BernieSanders addresses his supporters to discuss the road ahead.  
When we began this campaign nobody thought we were going anywhere. A lot has changed.  
The political revolution must continue into the future.  
Election days come and go. But political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.  
 continues tonight with Bernie Sanders' live online address to his supporters at 8:30 pm ET. 
You should not be able to walk into a gun store and purchase assault weapons. These type of weapons should be banned.
In just a few hours I will speak to my supporters in an online video address. I very much hope that you'll join us:

Over 15 million children in America today are poor — more than 20 percent of all of the kids living in America today.
Almost every country in the world has at least 10 days of paid vacation per year, except the United States.
It is a national disgrace that billionaires are able to heavily influence the political process by making huge contributions.
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. They are overworked, underpaid and under enormous stress.
The future of our political revolution depends on you. Will you join us for a live online, video address? 

This movement is sending a message to the billionaire class: You can’t have it all. This is our country too.
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.
RT @BernieSanders: No president can do it alone. That's why I'm endorsing progressives Rep. @RepMarcyKaptur and Rep. @RickNolanmn.
https://…
RT @DavidFBowen: RSVP to hear Bernie's live video address tomorrow:  &gt;Goal always must be something bigger than your…
We need real reform within the Democratic Party. And that means open primaries.
The idea that in the State of New York 3 million people could not participate in helping select the Democratic nominee is incomprehensible.
The political revolution continues. Join us on Thursday to discuss what's next: 
Thank you to everyone in  who went out to vote and thank you all for your support!
We know that one hateful person committed a heinous crime, not an entire people. To blame an entire religion is nothing less than bigotry.
These types of weapons, without a doubt, should be banned.
The idea that weapons designed to do one thing – kill people by the dozens – should be sold and distributed in our country is absurd.
Vote to help move this country in a different direction. Polls are open until 8 PM. 
We must get rid of superdelegates. The fact that we had 400 superdelegates pledged eight months before the first ballot was cast is absurd.
We have to replace the current DNC leadership. We need someone who vigorously supports bringing people into the political process.
This decision ensures that big corporations will not be able to put a price tag on the free flow of ideas.

RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds press conference in Washington   
We know that one hateful person committed this terrible crime — not an entire people or an entire religion. 

The political revolution continues. Bernie will address supporters on Thursday. Sign up for the live stream: 
Everyone who votes in the  primary will make a difference. Do you have a voting plan today? 
Nevada – send the message today that yes, we are going to move this country in a progressive direction. Go vote.  
RT @Marcy_Kaptur: Thank you @BernieSanders. Honored to fight alongside you against NAFTA, Iraq war, and the Wall Street Bailout.   https://…
Make our country work for everyone, not just a handful of billionaires. Let’s bring it home. Washington,  – go vote. 
My plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. Then we can expand health care and make college free.
RT @LaurenBlanch12: . @BernieSanders stands with faith leaders of Burlington, VT. Event organized by Pride Center of Vermont …
RT @JackNECN: &gt;@BernieSanders tells hometown crowd "one hateful person committed this crime -- not an entire religion."  …
Washington,  – On Tuesday, June 14, you will have the chance to stand up and be heard. 
It is an embarrassment that some politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
No president can do it alone. That's why I'm endorsing progressives Rep. @RepMarcyKaptur and Rep. @RickNolanmn.

Washington, 's primary takes place tomorrow, June 14 – the last one of this presidential nominating process.

It is morally wrong that Washington, 's residents lack voting representation in Congress.

From what is now known, this was a terrorist act by an ISIS sympathizer. That despicable and barbaric organization must be destroyed.
All Americans are horrified, disgusted and saddened by the horrific atrocity in Orlando. Full statement: 
RT @NBCNewsPR: "It's horrific, it's unthinkable," says @BernieSanders on  this morning on @MeetThePress.  
Some of us believe that what God teaches is to not turn our backs on our brothers and our sisters, that essentially we are in this together.
Our economy works for Wall Street because it’s rigged by Wall Street. As long as Washington's bought, our economy won't work for the people.
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman.
We must lead the world in working with China, Russia, India and the international community to break our energy dependence on fossil fuel.
Millions of lives are being wrecked, families are being torn apart and we are spending huge sums of taxpayer money by locking people up.
We must not succumb to bigotry. We must do what we do best as Americans – fight racism, fight xenophobia and fight fear.
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage.
We cannot continue to send our jobs to China and other low-wage countries when millions of Americans need work.
More than one-third of our senior citizens rely on Social Security for virtually all of their income. We must expand benefits, not cut them.
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on : @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper just days after meeting with President Obama. 
We must end the over-incarceration of nonviolent Americans in our country.
Instead of cutting head start and childcare, we need to move to a universal pre-K system for all children. 
RT @GunnelsWarren: I don’t think that we can amend or tinker around the edges with the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We need to kill it. https…
It is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to 12th grade anymore. We need to make public colleges tuition-free.
Our job is to bring the American people together to create a government that works for us, not the 1 percent.
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns in Washington, DC – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN3  
But you all know it is more than Bernie Sanders. It is all of us together. Millions of people from coast to coast coming together.
When millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages, we won't allow 57 percent of all new income to go to the top 1 percent.
I'm horrified by yesterday's terrorist attack in Tel Aviv. My thoughts are with the victims' families and all of those harmed.
The American people know that it is not acceptable that the top tenth of 1 percent owns as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Our mission is more than just defeating Trump. It is transforming our country. People want something to vote for rather than just against.
The American people will never support a candidate whose major theme is bigotry. We will not allow Donald Trump to become president.
We will not allow right-wing Republicans to control our government. That is especially true with Donald Trump as the Republican candidate.
Young people understand that they are the future of America, and they intend to help shape that future.
We have won 22 state elections with over 11 million votes and in virtually every state, we've won in big numbers the votes of young people.
When we began this campaign we were considered to be a fringe campaign. Over the last year, I think that has changed just a little bit.
We must always remember that change almost never happens from the top down, it happens from the bottom up.
We are in this TOGETHER. Thank you New Mexico, California, South Dakota, North Dakota, New Jersey and Montana! 
Montana – Thank you all. The struggle continues! 
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders addresses California supporters on primary night  
Thank you to the thousands of supporters who came out to vote for the political revolution in New Jersey today!
Thank you North Dakota! 
You still have time to run to your voting location before polls close. Get out and vote!  
We need your help to win in CA, ND, SD, MT, NJ and NM today! Make calls to voters now: 
North Dakota: today we caucus. Get to your caucus by 7 pm. If there's a large voter turnout, we will win. Join history in the making.
Mis profundas condolencias a la familia Chávez ante el fallecimiento de Helen Chávez, gran líder y defensora de los trabajadores del campo.
My profound condolences to the Chávez family on the passing of Helen Chávez, great leader and activist for farmworker's rights. 
Defy the pundits again and reach for a high voter turnout that'll shock the establishment. Grab your friends and go vote. 
I'm asking you to support strong progressive allies like @EricKingsonNY and @Clem4Congress. Help elect them: 
California: Hoy el establecimiento no podrá ignorar tu voz. Vota por nuestro movimiento. ¿Preguntas? Llámanos. 
California: send the establishment a message they can’t ignore. Vote for our movement. Questions? Call our hotline. 
California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and North Dakota – your turn to vote for the revolution! 
Pundits and the political press wanna call this race early before every person votes. Let's show them we ain't gonna let it happen. Go vote.
California – today you can send a message that this country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires. Go vote. 
Montana: your polls are open. Don't settle for a rigged economy held in place by a corrupt campaign finance system. Vote Bernie! 
New Mexico – your polls are open until 7 PM. Go out and vote for REAL CHANGE, not the same old, same old establishment politics. 
South Dakota and New Jersey – your polls are open. Show the country that it is too late for establishment politics. Please go vote.
California – you vote tomorrow, June 7. Questions or issues? Call or email our hotline. 
CA, MT, NJ, NM, SD and ND: are you ready to vote tomorrow? Find your voting location: 
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and too late for establishment economics. We need real change.
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote tomorrow! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information. 
We must recreate our criminal justice system, but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.
We need bold change in our criminal justice system. A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings.
Ramadan Mubarak to all our Muslim sisters and brothers.
With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment.
California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and North Dakota – you vote tomorrow, June 7. Make a plan: 
RT @brooklynyarn: We've just been added to this event on June 6th in San Francisco! @BernieSanders, @davematthewsbnd &amp; more! …
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
It's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message."
It is more important to rebuild the Flint water system and our school system than to give tax breaks to profitable corporations.
If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? We need to put an end to fracking across our country.
It is time to say enough is enough. It is time to end religious bigotry.

Puerto Rico — ¡Tu voto es tu voz! Si ya estás en el centro de votación, quédate ahí hasta que puedas votar. 
Puerto Rico — llegó tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento. Lleva a tu familia y amigos y asegúrense de votar. 
Hermanas y hermanos en Puerto Rico: sus voces deben ser escuchadas hoy. Salgan a votar. 

RT @CNNSotu: @BernieSanders says Clinton is wrong on fracking: “She thinks we can ‘regulate’ it… she pushed fracking in other ”…
When people have something to vote for rather than just against, progressives and Democrats win.

While California is in a drought, we are injecting 160K gallons of clean water for every fracked well.

RT @KThomasDC: More than 13,500 at @BernieSanders rally outside LA Coliseum. 
"I spent almost half of my life in prison. I was a dreamer. I was 17. My mustache had just grown in." – Chris Wilson

We must do all we can to provide a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million aspiring Americans living in the 

We must protect children fleeing to the  from violence in Central America, not use them to "send a message." 
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders walking streets of Huntington Park. "There's an election on Tuesday. We need your help!" …
I applaud President Obama on his historic support for expanding Social Security. 
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns in Los Angeles - LIVE at 6pm ET on C-SPAN  
RT @clairesandberg: Bernie kicks off canvassing in LA, gives a huge shoutout to the vols who have made over 70 mil calls since Jan! https:/…
We’re in the final stretch. Today’s the day to make sure you’re taking action:  
Progressives and Democrats win elections when people are energized, when they are prepared to stand up and fight to transform America.
RT @cenkuygur: Every vote @BernieSanders gets is vote for the progressive movement and makes that movement  CA would be hug…
My plan to expand Social Security would increase benefits by about $1,300 annually for seniors scraping by on less than $16,000 a year.
RT @kalpenn: Good luck in Tuesday's California Primary, @BernieSanders!  
Volunteer:  …
Our task this weekend is simple: call every single Bernie supporter we can and make sure they have a plan to vote:

Muhammad Ali was the greatest, not only an extraordinary athlete but a man of great courage and humanity.
RT @lacoliseum: Presidential candidate @BernieSanders will speak at the LAMC's Olympic Plaza tomorrow, June 4th.
4 more info visit: https:/…
Through an extraordinary grassroots movement we beat back the effort to cut Social Security. 

Bernie going for the full California experience at In-N-Out! 
Our job is to take on Wall Street, not take their money.
Join Bernie in San Francisco for a GOTV concert featuring special musical guests. RSVP here:  
Last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. Join us for a trip down memory lane.

RT @nbcbayarea: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders to speak at rally in Fairfield  
Republicans hate the government – unless you’re a woman. Then they love the government dictating what you can do with your own body.
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone.

RT @CNNSotu: Sunday on : @BernieSanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the state of the race ahead of Tuesday's contests. …
En una noche cualquiera, casi 565,000 personas no tienen hogar en Estados Unidos. Esa es una vergüenza nacional.
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities, including in the training academies and leadership.
The American people overwhelmingly tell us they want to expand Social Security. With your support, that’s exactly what we’re going to do.
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line. Someone with judgement.

RT @sahilkapur: New: Obama’s Call to Expand Social Security Shows Sanders’ Clout 
@ErikaAndiola I’ll be in Fairfield and Santa Rosa today, Viviana. Hope to see you there!
I have to say that I am delighted that Sec. Clinton month after month seems to be adopting more of the positions that we have advocated.
We must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.
RT @ReutersBiz: Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners  
The last 5 years in California have been the driest on record forcing Modesto, CA to reduce its water consumption by more than 30 percent.
Desde 2007, Puerto Rico ha perdido casi 300,000 empleos, resultando en una reducción del 30% en su fuerza laboral.
What happens if we don't act boldly to combat climate change? The CIA says that a warming planet will increase international instability.
I will make it a priority that the United States lead the world in combatting climate change. That's what we need: leadership on this issue.
Call voters in California, New Jersey and New Mexico and help get Bernie supporters to the polls Tuesday! 
If we do not boldly transform our energy system, it will mean even more drought, and the last thing that California needs is more drought.
This is the story of Chris Wilson, and his path back into society.

Climate change is a global crisis. We've got to move in a bold way to transform our energy system. Live press conf.: 
Climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and it's already causing devastating problems in the  and around the world.
RT @UnivisionPR: Bernie Sanders propone ayuda de  millones y referéndum para Puerto Rico 
Unlike Donald Trump, Californians understand better than anyone that climate change is real because they see it with their own eyes.
When we talk about our responsibilities as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving our planet healthy for our children.
While Congress has not been able to end the greed of Big Pharma, the people of CA can by voting for the California Drug Price Relief Act.
RT @ozomatli:   @berniesanders 
Since 1998, Big Pharma has spent more than $3 billion on lobbying. Over $1 billion more than the insurance industry which came in 2nd place.
Let me be as clear as I can be: if I am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking. We must .
It’s laughable that Trump now says he’s going to turn the GOP into a “worker’s party.” How about you start by not trying to rip them off?
As president, I'd make sure everyone can get a college education regardless of income and I'd work hard to shut down these predatory scams.
Trump's latest scam demonstrates why we need free tuition at public universities. Higher education should be a right.
The state of Vermont was the first state to end fracking and if I have anything to say about it, we're gonna end it in the other 49 as well.
If Trump gave a damn about people who are working hard to get by, why would he found this fake scam university?
Ha llegado la hora de descolonizar a Puerto Rico

This month we celebrate the right to love one another regardless of gender and the fight for equality for LGBT people. Happy !
In the Senate, I worked with Sen. Boxer to end extraction of ALL fossil fuels on public lands. We cannot put California’s beaches at risk.
Offshore fracking has the potential to pollute the ocean with toxic fluid, hurt the environment, and harm our beaches. Unacceptable.
Hillary Clinton worked to export fracking throughout the world to reward companies like Chevron and Halliburton. That is unacceptable.
RT @ABCPolitics: LIVE: @BernieSanders talks with Asian-American and Pacific Islander leaders in Palo Alto, CA  https…
Sec. Clinton does not support a ban on fracking. Instead, she would simply impose a few more regulations on it. Not good enough.
We need to implement a nationwide ban on fracking – period. And, that’s exactly what I will fight for as president.
We need to put an end to fracking all over this country. Tune in to our press conference on fracking: 
If I am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking.

Secretary Clinton and I have differences of opinion on many issues. In no area are our differences stronger than fracking.
When we pass Medicare for all, everyone will have the freedom to go to the doctor when they need to without worrying about going bankrupt.
You know what was called “socialized medicine” in 1965? Medicare. Now widely regarded one of the best government programs ever established.
Join Bernie tomorrow for a rally in Palo Alto, CA with guests Rep. Tulsi Gabbard and Emily Ratajkowski. RSVP here: 
RT @maryaliceparks: 7 days until California votes! I'm at @BernieSanders' 2nd rally today in Monterey. It's a gorgeous night. Live here-htt…
These are people adding their contributions before today's final FEC deadline. Chip in:  
I do think that we can fulfill the legacy of presidents , Truman, and  and guarantee health care for all people as a right.
Every day, the corporate-controlled media and the political establishment tell us: think small. Well, you know what? We're gonna think big.
It makes no sense to continue to spend far more per capita than do the people of any other nation on health care and get far worse outcomes.
How does it happen that the United States is the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people as a right?
The Affordable Care Act, which I helped write, has done some good things. But even with those improvements, we have got to do more.
Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline of the primary. Will you chip in? 
RT @JaneKim: Getting ready for my AMA today at 11am! Come and join the conversation   
Today 60 million people are still uninsured or underinsured. Watch Bernie discuss our health care crisis LIVE here:

Last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. Join us for a trip down memory lane. 
We must enlist farmers as partners in promoting conservation and stewardship to keep our air and water clean and to combat climate change.
Last week, Golden State was down three games to one. Tonight, they finished off a great comeback in California. I like comebacks.
It’s coming down to the wire! Excited to see how this one ends. 
RT @LateNightSeth: Don’t miss tonight’s  with @BernieSanders, @TheSavionGlover and music from @brandicarlile! 
The growing body of evidence tells us that fracking is a danger to our water supply – our most precious resource. 
It is unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies, while the bottom 62% do not receive any subsidies.
RT @LaOpinionLA: Bernie Sanders acabará con deportaciones que desgarran a nuestras familias  
The situation in Flint is a tragedy. All over this country our infrastructure is collapsing, including in the Central Valley here in CA.
We must never take lightly the decision to send our sons and daughters to battle, and it must always be the last resort.
Our men and women in uniform take an oath to defend our Constitution and many have made the ultimate sacrifice for it.
Today we honor all of the service members who sacrificed their lives for our great country. 
We must end inhumane deportation programs and racial profiling that have turned local law enforcement officials into immigration officers.
Private, for-profit detention centers are making record breaking profits every year locking people up and holding immigrants in detention.
We must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.
RT @AlPunto:  @BernieSanders dice que su candidatura es la mejor opción para enfrentarse a Trump 
California, every vote counts. It's time to take back our democracy from the political establishment on June 7.

We're within striking distance of a victory in California on June 7. Help us win by making calls to voters: 
While California is in a serious drought, we are injecting 160K gallons of clean water, on average, into the ground for every fracked well.
91 percent of the people who live within a quarter mile of an oil or gas well in Los Angeles are people of color.

Too many farmworkers today aren’t getting the work breaks they need and in some instances they're having their wages stolen by employers.
Looks like Bakersfield is ready for a political revolution!

If the American people become more engaged in the political process, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.
RT @nprpolitics: Be Like Bernie: Sanders Looks To Spread His Political Wealth 
Special interest donors are many things – dummies they are not. They know exactly who and what they want to influence.
RT @AlPunto: ¡Vamos Al Punto! Comenzamos con la entrevista de @LeonKrauze con @BernieSanders 
If we win California, it'll be because there is a large voter turnout. We are striking a nerve, and more people are getting involved.
I am blown away by the fact that since we began this campaign one year ago we have received over 8 million individual contributions.
Demanding that the wealthy and the powerful start paying their fair share of taxes – that’s exactly what the American people want.
There is no reason why women are making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men. Women want the whole damn dollar and they're right!
Sólo un candidato está dispuesto a defender a Puerto Rico y enfrentar a Wall Street.

RT @DannyEFreeman: It appears this @BernieSanders Santa Barbara rally remembered the candidate's wedding anniversary. …
Happy anniversary, @JaneOSanders! 
We need to invest in help for people with substance abuse problems so that they end up in treatment, not prison.
RT @RealTimers: You can always count on @BernieSanders for some . He's back for his 11th  appearance tonight @ 10! https:…
The fact of the matter is that senior citizens are struggling to pay for their medication while Big Pharma is making billions in profits.
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
Here's a radical idea: If you work 40 hours a week, you should not be living in poverty.
We need to elect leaders who share our values. Split a contribution with @RussFeingold and our campaign: 
If you want a campaign that can defeat Trump and defeat him badly, we are that campaign.
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a rally in San Pedro, California  
RT @RevoltTV: .@BernieSanders discussed issues such as Student Debt &amp; more during 'A Social Conversation With Bernie'

https://…
Add your name if you want to see a  on the major issues before California's primary on June 7. 

We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
The middle class should not be subsidizing the wealthiest family in America just because the Waltons are too cheap to pay a living wage!
If current trends continue, one in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is a tragedy.
America is not supposed to be a country where the top 1 percent owns almost as much as the bottom 99 percent.
We're taking the political revolution to Pomona, CA today. Doors open at 4:30 PM. RSVP here:  
RT @JeffDSachs: Why Bernie Sanders easily wins the policy debate! 
RT @FOXLA: Vermont Sen. @BernieSanders speaks at campaign rally at Ventura College. WATCH LIVE: 
I am delighted that @realDonaldTrump has agreed to debate. Let’s do it in the biggest stadium possible.
We have got to end corporate prisons and detention centers. It is a perverse incentive to make more money by locking up more Americans.
Tune in LIVE to a conversation with Bernie and @RevoltTV happening now: 
RT @iamdiddy: Tune in today at 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET for A Social Conversation w/ @BernieSanders @VoteAmericaNow &amp; @RevoltTV!! …
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders fundraises for progressive  Senate candidate Russ Feingold ⏩  by @aterkel  https…
Today I am proud to endorse my friend @RussFeingold for  Senate. Join me in supporting progressive Democrats: 
RT @RevoltTV: Tune in today at 1:30p ET/10:30a PT for A Social Conversation w/ @BernieSanders! Don't miss out!  …
Say you support preventing the worst effects of climate change through the Keep it in the Ground Act. Add your name: 
Our message to Wall Street is simple: you cannot have it all! This country belongs to all of us, not just the wealthy and special interests.
RT @sfchronicle: Editorial:  breaks a  promise.  
Game on. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.
The California Drug Price Relief Act would lower prices for AIDS treatments. Let's stand up to Big Pharma.

RT @MarkRuffalo: Just 1 of the many reasons why I . @BernieSanders is 100% the real deal   https…
A rigged economy is when the top 1/10 of 1 percent owns as much as the bottom 90 percent.
Bernie just endorsed eight progressives for state legislatures across the country. Say you support them too: 
RT @serjtankian: New article I did w/@RollingStone about @BernieSanders &amp; the American political  vote in upcoming primaries https…
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders is actually outpolling @HillaryClinton is multiple head-to-head match-ups with Donald Trump
…
Donald Trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.
A rigged economy is when the twenty wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans.
Saddened to hear about the passing of our NH Steering Committee member Marcia Moody. Rest in peace. 
Partner with @JeffMerkley and me to fight climate change by supporting the Keep It in the Ground Act. 
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe in Rally in Cathedral City here:  
RT @GunnelsWarren: If the Fed can bail out huge Wall Street banks, it can alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. …
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
The struggle for equality continues today in America. I am proud to stand as an ally of the LGBT community.

RT @georgelopez: 
It is insulting to the people of California that Sec. Clinton is not willing to debate and address the major crises that this country faces.
If we are truly serious about leaving a planet that is habitable for our grandchildren, we must !

Thousands have come out to our rally in San Bernardino tonight. Tune in LIVE here:  
Young people are figuring out that they are the future of this country, and they damn well want to help shape the future of this country.
RT @KThomasDC: "I appreciate people saying Bernie Bernie Bernie  It ain't Bernie Bernie Bernie. It's You You You." _ @BernieSanders
California, it’s a long way to Washington, but you can send a message they can’t ignore. Vote for Bernie on June 7.

Bernie is taking the political revolution to the Inland Empire. Tune in to Bernie LIVE in Riverside:  
RT @JaneKim: Thank you @BernieSanders for endorsing my campaign for CA state senate!  
 …
The political revolution isn't just the presidency. Say you support real progressives up and down the ballot:

The time is long overdue to ensure that all workers in this country have access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time.
Virtually every poll taken in the last two months has me doing better against Trump than Hillary Clinton. 

I am endorsing eight progressive candidates for state legislatures across this country. Chip in to help elect them: 
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding.

What I saw at the US-Mexico border was the fact that you've got children on one side and their mothers on the other. That's wrong.
What I beg of you is to think big, not small. We can end the tragedy that is 29 million Americans living without health insurance.
When children come from war-torn countries in Central America, our job is to give them freedom and security here in the United States.
California – there isn't much time to register to vote for Bernie! Only a few hours left. Register here right now: 
RT @mrdannyglover: California voters have a few hours left! The deadline for CA Voter Registration is 11:59PM TONIGHT! 
https:/…
I am disappointed but not surprised by Secretary Clinton’s unwillingness to debate before the largest primary. 

Only a FEW HOURS LEFT to register to vote for Bernie in California on June 7th! Register now: 
South Dakotans: you must be registered as a Democrat or independent TODAY to vote for Bernie! Register here: 
Tune in LIVE as Bernie takes the political revolution to East Los Angeles:  
If anyone thinks that Bernie alone will be able to take on the powerful interests, you are mistaken. We are in this together! 
RT @LaOpinionLA: .@BernieSanders con deportados en la valla fronteriza, intensifica campaña en California  https://t…
Everybody knows that we are living in a competitive global economy. So why are we punishing our people for getting a college education?
California – to vote for Bernie on June 7th you must be registered by TODAY! Register right now: 
You are the reason that we are the best campaign to defeat Trump. It’s your energy, excitement, and grassroots activism making it possible.
Corporate media wants you to think small, to think that we cannot provide education and healthcare for all. I strongly disagree!
We're gonna tell the billionaire class that they are not gonna get more tax breaks while Americans struggle to buy bread for their families!
RT @cenkuygur: When my kids ask, "Where were you daddy during the ?" I'll get to say I was standing next to @SenSanders…
Too many Americans are worried about how they are going to pay for the gas to get to work. People are struggling. People are hurting.
Shop the limited edition poster collection at the Bernie Store today!

It is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to 12th grade anymore. We need to make public colleges tuition-free.
California – if you want to vote for Bernie in June, you have to register by Tomorrow. Do it now:  
Together, we're going to end our current deportation policies. Our approach to immigration should be to unite families, not divide families.
We need representatives who know we cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. Support @Tim_Canova:

We are in this together, brothers and sisters! 

When people don’t come out to vote, Republicans win. When people stand up and turn out to vote in large numbers, Democrats win.
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders asks superdelegates to consider which candidate could best defeat Donald Trump.  …
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders endorses opponent of Rep. Wasserman Schultz and says if he is elected president he will not re-appoint her as…
RT @CNNSotu: Sanders: "There’s something absurd when I get 46% of the delegates that come from real contests, real elections &amp; 7% of super…
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders: "what the Dem leadership has got to understand is that not all of my supporters go to these fancy fundraising…
Substance abuse – alcoholism or drug abuse – is not a criminal issue, it is a health issue. We must understand this as a nation.
Bernie at Friendship Park, a meeting place for separated families between the  and Mexico. 
The fossil fuel industry tells us that we cannot move aggressively to combat climate change. But that is precisely what we will do.
We all agree that Donald Trump would be a disaster for this country. He must be defeated, and I am the strongest candidate to do that.
Democracy is not a complicated process. It is one person, one vote. Not billionaires buying elections.

As of today, we have now had victories in 20 states, and with your help on June 7, we’re gonna win New Mexico too! 
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday on : @jaketapper will interview @BernieSanders on the upcoming primary contests and more. …
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders campaigns in New Mexico  
Nearly all the polls agree: If you want a Democrat who's gonna defeat Trump in November, you're looking at him. 
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.
Tuition-free public college is not a radical idea. It exists all over the world in places like Germany and Mexico.
Sólo el pueblo boricua tiene el derecho a decidir el futuro de Puerto Rico, no los multimillonarios de Wall Street. 
We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the people of Puerto Rico with the respect and dignity that they deserve.
We cannot allow an unelected control board handpicked by Republicans to determine the fate of Puerto Rico! 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.
Teachers are doing the most important work in America. They deserve to have recognition, respect and better pay.
The revolution starts by getting millions of people involved in our movement. Text your friends with our new app: 
The only way change takes place is when people come together, stand up and fight back to say that the status quo is unacceptable.
RT @drew_mc: We're highlighting how @BernieSanders is powering the political revolution. Truly inspiring campaign! 
It's strange and undemocratic that 450 superdelegates backed Clinton even before we got into the race. ICYMI: 

We have got to tell corporate America that if they want us to buy their products, they damn well better manufacture them in America.
We need a living wage of $15 an hour, so that if you’re working 40 hours a week you are living with security and dignity.
Nationally, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. $80 billion a year locking up  million people.
If everyone who supports Bernie puts in an hour to call Californians, we'll have a huge impact. Sign up for a shift: 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton’s Comments 
It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.
California – if you want to vote for the political revolution, you have gotta register by Monday. Do it right now: 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick because politicians won't challenge the drug lobby.
Our country should be investing in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.
As president, I will end the subsidies that benefit fossil fuel companies. It is absurd to provide taxpayer money to pad the industry.
RT @DannyEFreeman: Check out this @BernieSanders Vallejo, CA crowd. People still filing in through the metal detectors. …
Tune in live to , California here: 
Thank you to my brothers and sisters at UNITE HERE! and SEIU in San Francisco for standing against corporate greed!

Kentucky, thank you for the tremendous support that led to last night's virtual tie! We are in this until the last ballot is counted.
RT @ElizLanders: .@BernieSanders just stopped by the UNITE LIVE Local 2, janitors' union, SEIU Local 87 protest in downtown SF …
The new overtime rules are a good step forward for millions of workers who have gone too long without a raise.

Washington rescató a Goldman Sachs y a Wall St de su bancarrota. El Pueblo de Puerto Rico es más importante que ellos. Debemos actuar YA.
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders rallies California supporters 
I will be damned if we let the Republican Party win the working class.

I have been attacked for saying this, so let me say it again: I believe health care is a right, not a privilege.
A historic moment for the United States as the first openly-gay leader of any  military service. Congratulations, @SECARMY Eric Fanning.
This is the beginning of the final push to win California. Make sure you're ready to vote for Bernie:  
I’ve said it since day one: I can’t do this alone. This campaign isn’t about me. This campaign is about us. 
The Democratic Party has to make an important decision and I say to them: Open the doors. Let the people in!

Oregon, together we are taking on virtually all of the Democratic establishment. Thank you for the strong victory! 
Tune in LIVE as we bring the political revolution to Southern California:  
We must stand with our LGBTQ brothers and sisters and end all forms of discrimination. It's simple: we are all in this together. 
En las últimas décadas ha habido una gran redistribución de riqueza en Estados Unidos. Desgraciadamente, ha sido en la dirección equivocada.
Oregon – the single most important thing you can do today is return your ballot. Find your drop box location: 

We need your help today to win in Oregon and Kentucky today! Make calls to voters now: 
We must recommit to fulfilling the promise of Brown and work to ensure that every child regardless of race has access to quality education.
That number was 2,762 in 1988. We must do more to ensure that our schools are racially and economically diverse. 
There are 6,727 highly-segregated schools in our nation, where one percent or less of the school population is white. 
ICYMI: How to provide Medicare for all

Kentucky — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. 
Kentucky and Oregon – today is your day to make sure you've voted for our movement. Head to your polling location or drop box and vote.
RT @AP_Politics: Sanders blasts 'vulture' hedge funds for demanding austerity measures on the island. 
RT @AP_Noticias: Critica @BernieSanders en Puerto Rico a "fondos buitre".  
All over this country, Native Americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. They deserve a voice.

Oregon – remember to return your ballot at the nearest drop box by 8  tomorrow.  
Oscar Lopez Rivera has served 34 years in prison for his commitment to Puerto Rico's independence. I say to President Obama: let him out.
Firma mi petición: La Reserva Federal debe poner al pueblo boricua por encima de los intereses de Wall Street: 
What vulture funds on Wall Street are demanding is that Puerto Rico fire teachers and cut pensions so that they can reap huge profits.
The future of Puerto Rico cannot be hijacked unjustly by vulture funds. Read my full remarks from San Juan here: 

RT @StandupforPR: Thank you @BernieSanders for reiterating the demand for Federal  to help PR!  https:…
Children in Puerto Rico will not go hungry to make billionaires even wealthier. It is time for the Fed to act.

RT @GunnelsWarren: Bernie in Puerto Rico: If the Federal Reserve could bail out Wall Street, it can help the  million American citizens…
RT @julito77: "Austerity will not solve this crisis." @BernieSanders live in  right now 
Tune in for our San Juan, Puerto Rico town hall LIVE here.

Estamos EN VIVO desde San Juan aquí: 
RT @politico: Poll: Majority supports Sanders-like health care plan  | AP Photo 
We deserve better than to be ripped off by Big Pharma. I urge Clinton and Trump to join me and support Californians. 
We need to expand, not eliminate, the collective bargaining rights of all Americans. When unions are strong, the middle class is strong.
The extreme right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. That is a war they cannot be allowed to win.
Companies should not be allowed to make a profit by keeping more Americans behind bars. We must end the for-profit prison racket in America.
While Republicans and the Koch brothers may not like it, we are going to make it easier, not harder, for American workers to form a union.
RT @AJENews: Polls: Bernie Sanders has more potential than Hillary Clinton to beat Trump  
To win this campaign, all of us must be deeply involved. Our movement needs people like you to help it succeed.

Americans living with HIV/AIDS should not live in fear of going bankrupt because of the outrageously high cost of their prescription drugs.
We must address the crisis of homelessness. If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure everyone has a safe and secure place to live.
Here's the problem with a rigged economy – We make it, they take it. 
Oregon – turn in your ballot for Bernie at the nearest dropbox by 8  on Tuesday, May 17.

RT @DannyEFreeman: .@BernieSanders begins his train-side Kentucky rally by railing against Gov Matt Bevin and Sen Mitch McConnell. https://…
Watch Bernie challenge Mitch McConnell to support legislation to save pension funds for 90,000 retired coal miners.

Ask President Obama to use his executive authority to halt plans for raids and deportations of women and children: 
Debemos acabar con sentencias mínimas obligatorias. Demasiadas vidas han sido destruidas a causa de crímenes no-violentos.
Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
 

.@MarkRuffalo and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn, New York and talked about what it was like growing up there.

It is extremely sad that the United States, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Oregon – turn in your ballot for Bernie at the nearest dropbox by 8  on Tuesday, May 17.

As president, I will change the rules to stop hedge fund managers from paying a lower tax rate than nurses.

Spills like this one aren't rare. That's why we need to ban offshore drilling and . 
I've got some bad news for Trump: If I am the Democratic nominee, I'm going to defeat him, and I will defeat him by very large margins.
Nada me gustaría más que enfrentar y vencer a Donald Trump, alguien que jamás debe ser presidente de este país. 
We owe a great debt to the Native American community. If elected president we will keep those promises.

Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote.

RT @SoDakDems: Thank you @BernieSanders for the wonderful rallies across South Dakota today! 
I urge @POTUS to use his executive authority to protect families by extending Temporary Protective Status to those who fled Central America.
The truth is that no president alone can do what it takes to rebuild the middle class. We need a political revolution of millions of people.
RT @janeosanders: STOP deportations. PROTECT families who fled the violence in Central America. EXTEND Temporary Protective Status. https:/…
Virtually every poll has us way ahead of Trump. If you want the strongest Democrat to beat him, that's Bernie.

Instead of gutting the ACA, we must expand on the improvements that it has made and guarantee health care for all.

At a time when over half of all older workers have no retirement savings, we’re going to expand Social Security.
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free and pay for that by imposing a speculation tax on Wall Street.
RT @MSNBC: Live Now: @BernieSanders  holds a campaign rally in Billings, Montana  
Workers are telling us that they cannot make it by on $7, $10 or $12 an hour. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15.
Not only do we get a lot of the Democratic votes, we get a lot of the Independent votes. Our campaign is best suited to beat Donald Trump.
At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, the wealthiest people in this country are gonna start paying their fair share of taxes.
The California primary is just around the corner. Now's the time to register to vote or update your registration.

Oregon – you're in the voting period for the Democratic primary. Have you turned in your ballot for Bernie?

For months, Bernie has out-polled Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump, and often by extraordinarily large margins. 
We must break up too-big-to-fail banks, restore Glass-Steagall, and demand that Wall Street invests in the job-creating productive economy.
Thank you to the people of West Virginia for the tremendous victory they gave us today. 
We need to make sure that every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
West Virginia: you still have time to go vote! Text WV to 82623 to find your voting location or visit 
RT @bpolitics: Sanders: Clinton’s Medicare Buy-In Proposal ‘Not Good Enough’ 
Polling continues to be clear: Bernie is the strongest candidate to beat Trump. 
The American people understand that bringing people together will always trump dividing us up.

West Virginia – the single most important thing you can do today is go vote!  
RT @AIDSHealthcare: BREAKING: @BernieSanders endorses CA Drug Price Relief Act  
New Mexico – planning on voting for Bernie? Today is the last day to register as a Democrat. Check here to register: 
While Congress has failed to stand up to Big Pharma, the people of California can by supporting this initiative.

RT @PramilaJayapal: I'm Pramila Jayapal, running for Congress in WA-07, and endorsed by Bernie Sanders. Ask Me Anything! …
It’s time to join every other major industrialized nation and create a universal health care system. 
As president, I will set a national goal of ending the HIV epidemic in the  by the year 2025. Read my plan:

West Virginia — the polls are open and it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go vote.
RT @CBSSacramento: WATCH LIVE:  supporters are really getting into it at   https://…
West Virginia: tomorrow is your turn to vote for the political revolution. Make a plan to get to your polling place: 
Looking forward to our rally tonight in Sacramento! See details and RSVP here:  
California – make sure you're registered as a Democrat or request a Democratic ballot to vote for Bernie on June 7!

Transgender discrimination has no place in the world. I will do all I can to overturn this outrageous law. 
Tune in tonight at 11:35pm EST to the @colbertlateshow. 
New Mexico – TOMORROW is the last day to register as a Democrat to vote for the political revolution. Register here: 
West Virginia – send an unmistakable message tomorrow that our revolution demands more than incremental change. 
Thanks to @Frances_Fisher and @Francesca_E for stopping by our Los Angeles HQ to talk about Voter Registration!

Transitioning to a clean energy economy means ensuring that workers have what they need to succeed as well.

Tune in now to watch Bernie bring the political revolution to Atlantic City! 
We’re in the voting period for the Oregon Democratic Primary. Have you turned in your ballot? Have any questions? 
We need to make health care a right for every man, woman, and child through a Medicare-for-All health care system.
We need to expand collective bargaining rights and make it easier for workers across the country to form a union.
Workers who are able to collectively bargain for higher wages and benefits earn substantially more than non-union workers.
Happy Mother's Day to @JaneOSanders! 
I know there is nervousness about Trump being president. Ain’t gonna happen. Join our campaign: 
Debemos acabar con las cárceles con fines de lucro. 
We have gotta ask the media if they think that as a nation, maybe the American people are entitled to hear real discussions on real issues.
Join me for a rally in New Jersey tomorrow. Make sure to RSVP online here:  
Some have touted NAFTA as a job creator recently. 850,000 jobs lost in the United States prove otherwise.
New Mexico: you must be registered to vote as a Democrat by Tuesday, May 10 to vote for Bernie. 
Un multimillonario paga la misma cantidad al Seguro Social que alguien que ganó $118,500 al año. Llegó el momento de cambiar eso.
People fought and died to make sure that all of us have a right to vote. Trump's remarks asking West Virginians not to vote are disgraceful.
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.
If you want to stop Trump, vote Bernie. 
We must protect and defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion.
Our Women's Weekend of Action in California is coming up! Host a canvass in your neighborhood:  
How can you say you're going to stand up for working people when you’re courting Jeb Bush's right-wing donors? 
The sad reality is that we have thousands of people who die every year in this country because they can't afford to get to a doctor on time.
Norwegian Air International's attempt to undermine international labor laws is unacceptable.  
The American people are tired of a broken criminal justice system that enables us to have more people in jail than any country on earth.
RT @MSNBC: Tune in to MSNBC tonight at 9pmET to watch @maddow's interview with @BernieSanders! 
We must rewrite the disastrous trade policies enabling corporate America to shut down plants in this country and move to low-wage countries.
Today, 29 million Americans remain without health insurance and even greater numbers are underinsured. We can and must do better.
RT @amnesty: Thank you to all the  who inspire, empower &amp; change our world!  
At a time when every major country on earth guarantees health care to all their people, we should do the same in the United States.
At a time when we need the best-educated workforce in the world, we are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
If we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. 
RT @kendrick38: The one and 🔥  
We must pursue the fight for women’s rights, gay rights and disability rights until the promise of equality is fully realized in America.
RT @Salon: Why did the @nytimes bury Bernie's victory under news of John Kasich? 
We must strengthen the role of unions and the voices of working people on the job. I urge VICE Canada workers to vote for a union voice.
RT @washingtonpost: 2,000 doctors say Bernie Sanders has the right approach to health care 
We've got to fight for trade agreements that protect the interests of American workers, not just large corporations. 
Esta elección no se trata tan sólo de elegir al próximo presidente. Es algo mucho más importante — se trata de transformar a Estados Unidos.
In this country, people should have the right to love each other regardless of their gender.
RT @iammrvandy: @BernieSanders is not just about this election, he's about the future!!
 
We're showing the world that you can run a campaign without being dependent on powerful and wealthy special interests.
RT @Wonkblog: 2,000 doctors say Bernie Sanders has the right approach to health care 
RT @cascamike: .@wvgazettemail: sanders visits mcdowell to discuss poverty, economic issues 
The American people are tired of working longer hours for lower wages and seeing almost all new income going to the top 1 percent.
Our Women's Weekend of Action in California is coming up! Host a canvass in your neighborhood:  
It is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. This is not just a campaign slogan — it’s a reality for our country.
The average life expectancy for a woman in McDowell is 73. Just six hours away, it is 85 years. That's unacceptable and has got to change.
In America today, living in poverty means you are less likely to have access to a doctor, a dentist or a mental health care provider.
We have the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country on earth with almost 22 percent of American children living in poverty.
Far too often, poverty is a death sentence in America. Read my remarks on Poverty in West Virginia here: 

In the United States today, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, 47 million Americans are living in poverty.
RT @NPRinskeep: Read our full talk with @BernieSanders  @MorningEdition @npr
It is our duty, as a country of immigrants, to embrace and protect our undocumented brothers and sisters.

Trump must be stopped, and we're the best campaign to beat him. I am confident I would win.

There is nothing I would like more than to take on and defeat Donald Trump, someone who must never become president of this country.
Together, we're the most powerful force for change in American politics today. Help us call voters in West Virginia:

It is no mystery why Monsanto fights against our right to know about GMOs in food – business is booming for this huge chemical company.
At a time when women workers earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $ billion a year.
Your contribution sends a powerful message that we will continue our fight for progressive values. Chip in $27: 

The political revolution wins in Indiana! Thank you. 
RT @UniPolitica: "Vamos a crear un salario con el que se puede vivir", $15 la hora propone @BernieSanders 
If the minimum wage had kept up with productivity and inflation since 1968, it would be more than $26 an hour today.
RT @shailenewoodley: I just signed this petition, your turn! tell the Clinton Campaign: transfer Victory Fund money to the state parties ht…
Tell the Clinton campaign: transfer "Victory Fund" money to state parties.

Indiana: you vote today! Text Indiana to 82623 to find your voting location or look it up at 
Raising the retirement age to 70 would reduce lifetime Social Security benefits by about 15% and do little to strengthen Social Security.
Social Security has a surplus of more than $ trillion and can pay every single benefit owed to every eligible American for 18 years.
We need your help to do well today! Make calls to get voters out to the polls right now: 
Indiana — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 6 PM.
California: you can VOTE EARLY for Bernie before the June 7th primary. Check your vote-by-mail registration status! 
We need to increase the wages of more than 53 million American workers by raising the minimum wage from a starvation wage to $15 an hour.
RT @MichaelAdams317: Surprisingly, these panos only capture (maybe) 2/3 of crowd at @BernieSanders rally in Downtown Indy  h…
Indiana – you vote tomorrow, May 3. Let's make it the biggest voter turnout in Indiana Democratic primary history. 
What this campaign is showing is that when people stand together we can take on the billionaire class and the candidates they fund.
Sick and tired of large corporations trying to cut social programs while they're shipping millions of jobs abroad.

"You cannot exploit a broken campaign finance system one day and vow to get big money out of politics the next.”

We live in the richest country on earth, but that means nothing to working families when much of that wealth is controlled by so few.
Esta es la verdad: la situación actual es pésima. Necesitamos un cambio transformador. Y no lo vamos a obtener dando pasos marginales.
RT @Pontifex: There is the grave problem of labour, because of the high rate of young adults unemployed, but also for the issue of the dign…
I want to make banking boring again. It shouldn't be about making as much profit as possible by gambling on esoteric financial products.
I want Wall Street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a Wall Street speculation tax.
Banking should be about providing affordable loans to Americans who need to purchase homes and cars, not reckless gambling on Wall Street.
We must say to corporate America loud and clear: you can’t continue sending our jobs to China while millions are looking for work.
Bernie is in South Bend, Indiana for a rally. Tune in live here:  
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins.
We’re less than 2 weeks away from primary day on Tuesday, May 10. Let us know you're committed to voting for Bernie!

We announced the beginning of this campaign a year ago. Tune in as we discuss our success and path forward: 
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries. 
Fair wages and workers rights are at the heart of a just and moral economy, and something we should all strive for every day. Happy .
People shouldn't go without medication just because their elected officials aren’t willing to stand up to the drug industry lobby.
Last year, 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it.
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top 1 percent.
We're working hard to win every possible vote and delegate for Bernie in Indiana. Can we count you in? 

We are sending a clear message to the billionaire class: you can’t continue to get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry.
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
Today is a very important day for our political revolution. Chip in before our midnight FEC deadline here: 
United Technologies — a multi-billion dollar company – wants to move 2,100 American jobs abroad. Stand with workers: 
Together, we have become the largest grassroots campaign in the history of presidential politics. 

I want to thank United @SteelWorkers Local 1999 for endorsing my campaign for president. 
RT @ThisWeekABC: Bernie Sanders announced his presidential candidacy a year ago today:  
RT @steelworkers: "Look around this state &amp; you see towns shattered, plants empty, and you can blame that on trade!" @SenSanders  https:…
Oregon – let’s show the billionaire class that you are committed to winning Oregon for Bernie. 
Indiana – you vote for Bernie this Tuesday, May 3. Sign up for a reminder: 
Since the passage of NAFTA in 1994, Indiana has lost 113,000 good paying manufacturing jobs.

The question you’ve gotta ask yourselves at the polls is: are you gonna stand with the sick and the poor or Big Pharma and Wall Street?
The fracking industry admits what we already knew. Fracking hurts poor communities. We must ban fracking. 
Instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we are going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1 percent.
As president and commander-in-chief, I will defend this nation, but I will do it responsibly.

RT @LatinoUSA: National Poll of Candidates: @realDonaldTrump Has Highest Unfavorables with Latinos, While @BernieSanders Has Lowest https:/…
The Democratic Party has gotta make it clear that they will fight for automatic voter registration for everyone over 18.
Want to help Bernie win? Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Start here: 
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. Time for a change.
New Mexico: remember, you must be registered to vote as a Democrat by Tuesday, May 10 to vote for Bernie. 
Bernie is taking the stage at the Eugene, Oregon Future to Believe In Rally. Tune in live here: 
We don't go around hustling millionaires and billionaires for money. Never have. Never will. We count on you. 

Today we remember those we've lost to unsafe working conditions, and recommit to creating safe workplaces and empowering unions. 
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare-for-all system would guarantee health care as a right.
We need a progressive income tax so we don’t have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses.
This is a movement made of millions of people. This is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. This is about you.
This election is not just about electing a president. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
Bernie is about to take the stage at  at the Bloomington, Indiana rally. Tune in live here: 
In the last few decades there's been a massive redistribution of wealth in the  Unfortunately, it has gone in the wrong direction.
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
In many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. That must change.
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s economic situation.
Let me tell you something: there is nothing we've said in this campaign that is pie-in-the-sky or utopian. Nothing. 
Rhode Island: thank you for turning out and voting for our political revolution! 
PA, RI, CT, MD and DE: you still have time to go vote! Text FIND to 82623 for your voting location and go vote for Bernie.
Today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. Grab a friend and go vote! 
Go vote on this primary day to create a government of the people, by the people and for the people.

Voting for Bernie today in the PA, RI, CT, MD or DE primary today? Use  and share this image! 
If there is a large voter turnout, we will win. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Pennsylvania – go forward and tell the world you are going to lead this country into a political revolution. 
This is a people’s campaign. The most important thing you can do today if you live in PA, RI, CT, MD or DE is vote: 
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
I'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.

PA, RI, CT, MD and DE: you vote today! Don't know where to vote for Bernie? Text FIND to 82623 for your location. 
Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island — today we vote. Get to your voting location and join history in the making.
Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island – you vote tomorrow! Make a plan to vote: 
I don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
This is shameful. The model for media is six-second sound bites and an unwillingness to talk about real issues. 
The energy, intelligence and idealism of young Americans have been the greatest agents for change in this country.

When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Sanders is changing how millennials think about politics, poll shows, via @MaxEhrenfreund   https:…
Loudly and clearly, we must tell the Republicans: no, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
RT @GunnelsWarren: It would make much more sense to finance universal preschool in Philadelphia by raising taxes on the wealthy. https://t.…
It should be the people on top who see an increase in their taxes, not the working people of Philadelphia. 
RT @allinwithchris: .@chrislhayes hosts a town hall with @BernieSanders TONIGHT at 8PM ET. Don't miss it!  
Unbelievably, and grotesquely, the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. Join our movement: 
Brothers and sisters, we are going to change our national priorities. 

Diplomacy and doing everything we can to avoid a war is not weakness. It is intelligence. It is strength.
In 2015, McDonald's CEO saw his pay go up from $ million to nearly $8 million. Yet 15 bucks an hour is too radical for his employees.
Today, the CEOs of the largest corporations in America make over 300 times what typical workers earn. That is not only wrong, it is immoral.
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. We need a Medicare-for-all health care system.

Thanks to everyone who came out for our canvassing kickoff and conversation in Reading today! 
A win for NY, our planet, and our grandchildren. Safe fracking is like clean coal: pure fiction. 

RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders greets supporters on the streets of Providence, Rhode Island. 
It's clear to me that the time it is long overdue to shut down the Berks County Family Detention Center.

I thank the 35,000 members of the United Electrical Workers for their endorsement. 

Money is not free speech. Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.
At a time when so few have so much, and so many have so little, we must reject the foundations of this economy as immoral and unsustainable.
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits, and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries.
Our youth are no longer satisfied with corrupt and broken politics and an economy of stark inequality and injustice.
Oregon – you've only got a few days to register to vote. I'm counting on you! Register here:  
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
All of you are enormously powerful people if you choose to exercise the right to vote. 

RT @WPJohnWagner: ‘Poverty is a death sentence,’ Sanders declares during Baltimore stop 
We need real credit score reform to make the banking and credit industries work for borrowers and not just lenders.
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: At Gettysburg, @BernieSanders says Super PACs not what Lincoln would have envisioned: 
https…
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds rally featuring Danny Glover and Ben Jealous  
Bernie visited the site where President Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous address in 1863.

Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
The sad reality is nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders says it's "time to shut down" Pennsylvania family immigrant detention center  https:…
Housing that is built with government subsidies should remain affordable permanently, not just 10 or 15 years.
On any given night, almost 565,000 people are homeless in the United States. This is a national disgrace.
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are – American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.
The vice president is exactly right. 
Signing the Paris climate deal is an important step but not enough. We must take bold action to fight climate change and enact a carbon tax.
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders makes point of visiting monuments to  troops at # Asks staff for a picture https:/…
The gov't shouldn't be in the business of locking up families. Time to shut down the Berks Family Detention Center. 

Happy ! Let's work together to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
Happy Passover to my sisters and brothers who celebrate!
Verizon wants to cut employees' health benefits, outsource jobs and not pay federal income tax. Support the workers:

This campaign is about having the courage to envision a nation in which we fulfill the potential we know we have. 

We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. We can create a nation where health care is a right for all Americans.
Sec. Clinton and all candidates should not only commit to the idea of universal health care coverage, but show us a plan to get there.
The greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
“I like the idea of saying, ‘We can do much more,’ because we can.” - Vice President @JoeBiden 
Five states vote on Tuesday and we’re setting a huge goal to talk to as many voters as we can. Sign up for a shift:

I condemn Principal LaRaviere’s reassignment and call on Democrats around the country to stand up against Mayor Emanuel’s pettiness.
The only explanation for Chicago Principal Troy LaRaviere's removal appears to be Rahm Emanuel’s unhealthy obsession with taking revenge.
Smile! We're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit yours: 
.@MarkRuffalo and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn, New York and talked about what it was like growing up there.

Connecticut – today is your last chance to register online to vote for Bernie. Please visit  to find out how.
RT @MSNBC: LIVE: @BernieSanders holds "A Future to Believe in" town hall in Scranton, Pennsylvania  …
Maryland – today is the last day to register and early vote in person. Please visit  to find your polling location.
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs. That's just a fact. We are getting ripped off left and right.
Today we have cities and states across America who have made their minimum wage $15 an hour. We must make that national.
Climate change is a planetary crisis. We have to act now, and we have to act boldly.
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
The Bernie store helps fund our political revolution. Get your union-made-in-America merch: 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy.
Nebraska took a big step in the right direction by abolishing civil forfeiture yesterday. I hope other states will begin to follow suit.
What we need today is a candidate who has the track record, the agenda and the guts to stand up to the billionaire class.
I cannot think of an American hero more deserving of this honor than Harriet Tubman.  
Thank you, United Steelworkers Local 1999 for your support. 

In the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can create an economy where nobody who works 40 hours a week lives in poverty.
RT @Salon: How Bernie Sanders inspired an art revolution 
Over the past decade, federal programs that build affordable housing have been decimated. Unacceptable.

Thank you to all those who came out tonight in New York! Onward to five more states voting next week.
RT @Latinos4Bernie: Polls are still open! If you're in line by 9pm STAY IN LINE. Bernie needs you. Hang in there.   ht…
Make a video telling us why you support Bernie, and submit it to be in our the next Bernie ad! 
RT @kendrick38: Polls close at 9 pm ET NY! Still have time!! Get out and vote! 
You still have time to get out and vote in New York! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
One year after Freddie Gray was killed we still have no justice. The chants have only grown louder. It's time we ended police brutality.
New York, it's your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline. 
New York: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
Voting for Bernie today in the NY ? Use  and share this image! 
¿Votaste por Bernie hoy en la Primaria de NY? ¡Escribe  y comparte esta imagen! 
If we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. 
Now is the time to transform America. When people are united there is nothing, nothing, nothing that can stop us.

RT @kartpath: This is a disgrace. Why are we making it so hard for people to participate in democracy?

New York — let's make it clear that the Empire State is part of the political revolution! Go vote. 
RT @BKforBernie: Happy to find @es_snipes words following me while I canvass. 

Fight injustice everywhere.   https:/…
We need your help today to win New York! Make calls to New York voters now: 
Every single vote for Bernie is important. Vote Bernie Sanders today in New York!

RT @janeosanders: Good morning, New York! Don't throw away your shot to get out there and vote!
Help make sure Bernie supporters in New York get out to vote. 
Nueva York — ¡Es tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento! Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar. Las casillas cierran a las 9 PM.
New York: you vote today! Text NY to 82623 to find your voting time and location or look it up at  
New York — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 9 PM.
RT @RitchieTorres: .@BernieSanders is energizing people like never before. I want to be a part of that. 
These attacks continue a cycle of violence that must come to an end and those responsible must face justice.
I condemn the horrific terrorist attack in Jerusalem today. I send my deepest condolences to all of those wounded and their families.
Los actos de amor del Papa Francisco deben inspirar a los estadounidenses a escuchar su llamado y recibir de brazos abiertos a refugiados.
We must increase the minimum wage not only in the United States, but in Haiti and throughout the world. 
RT @mrdannyglover: 50 yrs ago Dr. King was building a beloved community for social justice. I felt that spirit w @BernieSanders tonight htt…
RT @LaurenBlanch12: Final New York rally for @BernieSanders in Long Island City before voters head to polls tomorrow 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders addresses New York supporters in Long Island City:  
RT @Residente: A conversation between Residente and Bernie Sanders. Acá comparto la conversación que tuve con @BernieSanders …
What you'll find in my tax returns is that I made less in one year as a  Senator than Sec. Clinton did in one speech to Wall Street.
From Manhattan, to the Bronx, to Jackson Heights and through Astoria, Bernie's been meeting New Yorkers all day. 
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders walking around in Queens. We hit 10,000 steps four hours ago.  
If we win in New York tomorrow, it’d be the most shocking upset in modern political history. Make a plan to vote. 
On Sunday, I visited Brownsville. I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis.

Después de nuestra visita al Vaticano, el Papa Francisco viajó a Lesbos y nos mostró a todos el significado de la compasión.
RT @MarkRuffalo: Original New Yorker @BernieSanders talks with me about growing up in Brooklyn. Watch:  
RT @mrdannyglover: Bernie and I have long shared a commitment to justice. I couldn't feel prouder to support him as our next president. htt…
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels. 
.@MrDannyGlover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice. I thank him for his support.

I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York.

The president’s immigration actions are good first steps. The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward. 
For 30 years, GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River. We must clean it up and hold GE accountable.

"Bernie is a protester. He's not scared to go up against the criminal justice system." — Erica Garner

How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling?
.@SpikeLee has a message for you (And, yeah, it’s worth sticking around the five minutes ’til the end).

We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness. 
RT @sallykohn: "We can transform this country FOR ALL OF US -- FOR THE BETTER!"

  📷 @TulsiGabbard …
RT @RitchieTorres: Thank you @BernieSanders for touring @NYCHA housing in Brownsville. @anniekarni @TheLastWord 
Whoa! 28,356 came out to Prospect Park, Brooklyn – our largest rally yet. Thank you! 
Thank you @SallyKohn for your support!
Tune in to  live here: 
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world, people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing. 
RT @DannyEFreeman: .@BernieSanders tours public housing in Brownsville, Bklyn. Councilman Ritchie Torres says his visit is "historic." http…
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address. 
We express our condolences and solidarity with the people of Ecuador and Japan as they recover from these devastating earthquakes.
RT @BPEricAdams: I thank @BernieSanders for joining @JumaaneWilliams, @RitchieTorres &amp; I on a tour of Howard Houses in . https:…
.@janeosanders is a soulmate and a sounding board. I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else.

RT @Yamiche: Man in Brooklyn Bridge Park: "It's a beautiful day!" @BernieSanders: "Let's make Tuesday a beautiful day too!" …
I had the opportunity to meet with Pope Francis. It was a real honor for my wife and I to spend some time with him.

We set a very audacious goal for this weekend: 2 million calls into New York. Can you help call voters today? 
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour. Not just in one or two cities, but across the country. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: Come and say aloha today at our  town hall TODAY in    …
It is extremely sad that the United States, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.
New York voters go to the polls on Tuesday. Can we count on your help to call voters for an hour this weekend?

RT @DannyEFreeman: .@BernieSanders stops by a NYC art gallery to view installations depicting himself and his political revolution. https:/…
Medicare for all means no more copays, no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges.
We want you to be part of the next Bernie ad! Make a video about why you're voting for Bernie and submit it here: 

RT @kalpenn: Lots of young peeps volunteering for @BernieSanders today. NY primary is Tuesday, April 19th!  …
New Report: Clinton Raising Money From Lobbyists That Have Represented Walmart, Fossil Fuel Firms And Wall Street

RT @UniNoticias: EXCLUSIVA: @BernieSanders le explica a @Residente qué hacer con la deuda de Puerto Rico:  https://t…
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms.
RT @BenJealous: Montgomery County Feels The Bern!
 
After we left the Vatican this morning, Pope Francis visited Lesbos and showed us all what compassion looks like.
New York: it's our time again to build a future to believe in.

We can win New York, but we’ll need a strong grassroots effort. Let’s reach 2 million calls and : 
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders visita al Papa y agradece su mensaje de moralidad y justicia económica  …
We shouldn't cut the GI bill. Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits.  
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war, and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: Join our veterans and their families, and call on Congress to take action and   
Pope Francis and Sen. Bernie Sanders met at the Vatican on Saturday. 
Health care costs are out of control. Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control.
Innovation and business success should be rewarded. But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support.
New York – you vote on TUESDAY, April 19. Make sure you have a plan. Text NY to 82623 for your polling location. 
We should be encouraging young people to get involved in politics, not disparaging them. This seems to be a pattern. 
Puerto Rico — ¡tienes hasta mañana sábado 16 de abril para registrarte para votar por Bernie! Más info: 
Puerto Rico – you must be registered to vote by TOMORROW, Saturday, April 16 to vote for Bernie! More info: 
Some believe it's ok to take $200,000 an hour from Wall Street, but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much.

Indiana – you can early vote for Bernie today through May 2. Check here for details: 
We’re all in this together. 

I annotated a speech by Pope Francis. Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common.

The Urgency of a Moral Economy: Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus

RT @CasinaPioIV: Senator @BernieSanders on The Urgency of a Moral Economy: Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of  https://…
If we wake up the American people, if we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. New York, vote on April 19!
With your help, we're going to take back our democracy and demand that the government work for us all. 

Millions of people must stand up, fight back and create a government that works for all of us. New York – go vote on Tuesday. Thank you.
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise.  

Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors:
Hillary Clinton – 51%
Bernie Sanders – 3%
$27 a contribution. Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money. THAT IS A PEOPLE’S CAMPAIGN.  
Bernie Sanders outperforms Hillary Clinton in every major poll when tested against Donald Trump. Now that's electability.
Public colleges and universities tuition free? Damn right.
 this segment, please.
Are you watching the ? We only have 5 days left to . Join us: 
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world. That includes BOTH Israel and Palestine, not just one or the other.
If we are going to achieve peace, we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity. 
"I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people." – @HillaryClinton 

Just wanted that one on the record.
Q: Do you support a tax on carbon?

Hillary Clinton: 
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for @HillaryClinton to get her on their side. They donate to her because she is already on their side.
RT @MartinOMalley: Said this in 2012 about @MittRomney's tax returns, I'll say it today: @HillaryClinton should release the Wall Street tra…
Hillary Clinton's plan to address climate change does not go far enough. We need bold changes, not just small steps. 
Hillary Clinton supports fracking. Bernie does not. 
While @HillaryClinton was campaigning for mass incarceration in the crime bill, Bernie spoke against it: 
 
RT @cascamike: sec. clinton says we need to stand up to the gun lobby. 

does that mean standing with them at a high-$ fundraiser? https://…
You can either be for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage or against it. It can’t be both, @HillaryClinton. 
Millions of people are standing up, @HillaryClinton. $12 is not enough.  Let's raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street. There were none. Hillary’s been “looking into it” for 70 days. 
No joke. This is an excerpt from Hillary Clinton’s speech telling Wall Street to “cut it out.” Watch:
 
If there's nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's Wall Street speeches, why not just ? 
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street’s greed, Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out.
You can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you're dependent upon big-money interests. 
Does @HillaryClinton believe money has no influence in politics? Seems to contradict her issues page here: 
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. Plain and simple.
Tune in to the the CNN Brooklyn  right now and watch Bernie campaign like a . 
New York – the entire country will be watching as the results come in on Tuesday. Commit to vote for Bernie today: 
.@RosarioDawson is right: The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day, it's the struggle of a lifetime.

Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit. Full statement: 
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money.

We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
48 hours. 15,000 volunteers. 2 million calls. This weekend we’re going to  Join us: 
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage. 
We’re making progress in Seattle, Los Angeles, San Francisco, California, New York and Oregon.
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take “no” for an answer.
Not too long ago, the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or “pie-in-the-sky.”
I applaud the workers who are today demanding $15 an hour and a union. 
RT @GoodJobsNation: BREAKING: federal contract workers strike!   
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests.
Dr. Song's comment was inappropriate and insensitive. There's no room for language like that in our political discourse.
It’s me, Bernie ‘Brooklyn Born’ Sanders and guess what @TedCruz, I have New York values.   
RT @People4Bernie: We're all in this together.   
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should.
Thank you to the more than 27,000 New Yorkers who came out tonight to join our political revolution. Unbelievable. 
"Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's great to be back!" - Bernie 
RT @Latinos4Bernie: "We have to wake up on April 19th &amp; hold our heads high. We know, if you make it in NY, you make it anywhere!"-@lsarsou…
“The cause is right and the time is NOW.” - @NinaTurner 
Watch live as thousands come out to New York’s Washington Square Park for Bernie:  
RT @brigidbergin: .@BernieSanders rally starts with field director calling on volunteers to door knock this weekend 
RT @PolitiFact: Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton supports and continues "to support fracking."  …
This momentum is incredible – but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's primary. Make a plan: 
RT @danielmarans: 1 in 5 profitable  corporations pays no federal taxes, according to a @USGAO study @berniesanders requested https://t…
RT @nightlyshow: : @BernieSanders joins us! 11:30/10:30c.  
We need strong progressives in Congress like @LucyFlores, @pramilaj and @ZephyrTeachout. Help us elect them: 
Thank you to those on strike today. You're standing up for justice not just for Verizon workers but for millions who don’t have a union.
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore.
I don’t want the support of McAdam, Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class. I welcome their contempt. 
RT @jamieson: .@BernieSanders is no stranger to picket lines. He joined Verizon workers back in 2003, too 
Some politicians send press releases. Bernie shows up on the picket line.  
RT @CWADennis: Thank you @BernieSanders for standing w/ workers!   
RT @TWULocal100: TWU Local 100 feels the Bern, endorses Bernie Sanders for President. 
RT @nytopinion: Jeff Merkley, senator from Oregon, explains why he's endorsing colleague @BernieSanders in an op-ed for the NYT: https://t.…
Today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
Roosevelt battled his era’s elite. He called them “economic royalists.” Bernie calls them the “billionaire class.”

As president, I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people.

How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States?
You can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you are dependent upon big-money interests. 

We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country, but lift living standards throughout the world.
RT @steveaoki: ✌️✌️ @BernieSanders  
Making women travel hundreds of miles, wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace.
For the past 40 years, the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care. That is unacceptable.
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people. They should be in jail. 
RT @ThisWeekABC: WATCH LIVE: Rosario Dawson speaks at @BernieSanders campaign rally in Syracuse, NY  …
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer. Evolving is not good enough. We need leadership.
With a week until the New York primary, I need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. 
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud.

RT @350action: Climate leaders don't frack. As president, will @HillaryClinton ban fracking? 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents. 
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap. 
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men? Shameful. We need pay equity. 
RT @ABC: Bernie Sanders: "We need to put an end to fracking…all over this country."  
Young people all over this country are demanding their voice be heard in determining the future of this country. That's democracy!
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave. 
RT @DannyEFreeman: A jammed packed arena awaits @BernieSanders at SUNY Buffalo. 
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money. Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy. 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy. 
The New York primary is just 8 days away. Make sure you have a plan to get there and make your voice heard: 
It’s wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis. Natural gas isn’t a "bridge fuel,” it’s a fossil fuel.
Fracking pollutes water, degrades air quality and worsens climate change. No amount of regulation can make it safe.

It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide. Sign if you agree: 
Right now, under the Federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin. That's pretty crazy.
We're spending $80 billion a year locking up people, and nobody thinks that that makes sense. Sign if you agree: 
Corporations should not be making profits by imprisoning our sons and daughters. We must put an end to the private prison racket in America.
People should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $50,000, $100,000 or more.
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy. It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans.
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful.
ICYMI: Bernie and the Big Banks — @RBReich, former Secretary of Labor

New York, let's make a little bit of history. Make a plan to vote on Tuesday, April 19: 

RT @LaOpinionLA: Bernie Sanders gana a Clinton en los caucus demócratas de Wyoming  
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable, and will create millions of good jobs.
RT @kronayne: The scene at Bernie Sanders' afternoon rally at Coney Island. 
Climate change is an economic, public health, national security and environmental problem. It is every kind of issue at once.
As president, I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House. Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders: Wyoming is the 8th victory that we have won in the last 9 contests.
"Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor " 
It's clear that the "war on drugs" was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end.
Thank you for your support @RickNolanMN! 
We know that "tough on crime" policies have failed. Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation.
RT @cascamike: "are you prepared to expand benefits for millions of seniors and disabled veterans who need it?" -- @BernieSanders https://t…
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support! 
Watch our new ad featuring footage shot by the people powering this movement: you. 

Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York. We need to do more to address this housing crisis.
"Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration." - @BenJealous 
RT @AdaFreiria: Bernie provides the best plan for Puerto Rico @LuisSepulvedaNY   …
15 dollars an hour everywhere. 
We can’t properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty.
Wyoming — we've won seven out of the last eight caucuses. With your help today, we are going to win here in Wyoming. 
If we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. Wyoming, let’s caucus! 
Wyoming: today you caucus. Get to your caucus location by 9am. If there's a large turnout, we can win. Join history in the making. 
RT @BenJealous: "We have record numbers of teachers packing backpacks of food for children on Fridays" @benjealous …
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders highlights New York roots at Greenpoint, Brooklyn rally in frigid weather  …
That's just a "single issue" where @HillaryClinton and I differ.
In my view, we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand, not weaken, the social safety net.
In 2008, @HillaryClinton said that “welfare should not be an anti-poverty program.” I disagree.
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty. That is unacceptable.
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need.
In 1994, welfare provided a vital safety net to more than 14 million Americans. Today, it only helps  million.
Families LIVING IN POVERTY receiving cash benefits:
1996: 68%
2014: Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011, households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans; 132% for Hispanics; 109% for White Americans.
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from  million to  million.
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people.
Since this legislation was signed into law, families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636,000 to  million.
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster.
Unfortunately, @HillaryClinton supported this bill calling it “a critical first step to reforming our nation’s welfare system.”
I called that bill “an assault on the poor, women and children, minorities, and immigrants.” I believed that then and I believe that now.
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform.

It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage. It was the people telling him what to do. That's how change happens.
We’re in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Tune in live to our rally here:   
RT @paullarocco: .@BernieSanders takes stage in Greenpoint. "One person, one vote, not about the millionaires and " https://…
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class, Congress is going to have to start paying attention.
Bernie’s back in Brooklyn. Watch live here:   
RT @kartpath: .@BernieSanders takes the stage in Flatbush, to chants of "welcome home, Bernie!" 
The problems facing this country now are so serious, are so deep, that the same-old, same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it.
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
RT @TheView: We’re about to : Sen. @BernieSanders joins the ladies NEXT!   
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's dependence on fossil fuels. We've gotta get our act together.
Join Bernie and @SusanSarandon at our Greenpoint Rally today at 3 PM in Brooklyn. RSVP here:  
Bernie is in Brooklyn today! Join us for our Flatbush Rally with @MarkRuffalo at 1 PM! RSVP:  
RT @NYWFP: TODAY: ! 

1pm Flatbush: 

3pm Greenpoint:  

 …
RT @TODAYshow: "I will fight as hard as I can for pay equity for women" -@BernieSanders 
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders on $15 min. wage: When an idea catches fire, when people see justice, it moves very, very quickly https://…
RT @Morning_Joe: NEW: @BernieSanders invited to speak at the Vatican: 'I am a big, big fan of the Pope' 
RT @NBCNewsPR: Coming up at 8am on @TODAYshow: town hall with @BernieSanders live on the plaza. Ask questions with  …
RT @DavidFBowen: Who's feeling the Bern??? This guy! @People4Bernie Unite!  
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements. 
You’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am walking the walk.
RT @ErikaAndiola: Join Senator @BernieSanders and special guests at 8:00pm ET!

1-877-229-8493
Code: 114593

Online: …
As president, I would formally apologize for our country's deplorable practice of slavery.
"We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured." — @PaulYSong 

RT @CBSEveningNews: TONIGHT on CBS Evening News: @BernieSanders sits down with @CharlieRose for a one-on-one interview …
RT @TODAYshow: Tomorrow on TODAY…@BernieSanders joins us for a live town hall on the plaza. Send in your questions w/  https://…
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven, I care about leaving a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet.
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way, we're doing it differently.

I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers. Unions are my family. I have worked with them for my entire life.
RT @PaAFL_CIO: "I grew up in this movement, you are my family." @BernieSanders  
Millions of people are working incredible hours – some with two or three jobs – just trying to care for themselves and their families.
RT @kartpath: “I believe @BernieSanders is a protester. He’s not scared.” — Erica Garner

What Republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I disagree.
The Affordable Care Act, which I voted for and helped write, is a step forward for this country. But we must build on it and go further.
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles. That's an embarrassment.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system in America today, which is not only grossly unfair but also corrupt.
RT @kylieatwood: .@BernieSanders stops by CWA protest in downtown Philly 
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign. 
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals.
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the full promise of equality.
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby.
Corporate greed needs to end. They're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans.
Congratulations to the UConn Huskies for winning another women's NCAA National Basketball Championship.
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out, but we keep winning by large margins. Keep us going: 
Tune in to Bernie’s remarks live from Laramie here: !
RT @MoveOn: Wisconsinites, thank you for supporting progressive values. Stay in line to make your voice heard. Every vote matters. …
Wisconsin, today you sent a strong message: when we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Thank you! 
Your voice matters. Say in line and vote, Wisconsin.  
RT @maryaliceparks: Also in ABC prelim exit poll data - 2X as many Dem voters said theyre excited abt what Sanders would do in office as sa…
Wisconsin: It’s not too late to go out and vote for Bernie. Text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. 
If there is a large voter turnout, we will win. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms. This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction. 
Wisconsin — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 8 PM.
✔️ Doesn’t actually support $15 federal minimum wage.


RT @janeosanders: The first four years of a child's life are the most important and formative. We need to invest in quality child care.
Puerto Rico debe recibir el tiempo necesario para reestructurar su deuda y hacer crecer su economía de forma justa. 
Wisconsin — don't know where to vote for Bernie today? Head to  for your polling location. 
Maryland: the deadline to register to vote is today! Visit  to find out how to join the political revolution.
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @mitchellreports interviews @BernieSanders ahead of today's Wisconsin primary. Tune in to @MSNBC to watch! …
We need your help today to win Wisconsin! Make calls to WI voters now: 
Let's send a strong message today, Wisconsin. Get involved and make change happen. Go vote.

Congratulations to the Villanova Wildcats for winning the men's NCAA National Basketball Championship.
Wisconsin — today we have an opportunity to move our revolution forward. Grab a friend or family member and vote for real change. 
"The major media don’t know how to report on movements." — @RBReich

Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage. 
A victory for workers fighting for collective bargaining rights at Trump's Vegas hotel. Unions make America great.

.@MarkRuffalo is right: the owners of this country want you to give up. I'm asking you not to give up. Get involved.

Martin Luther King, Jr. was one of the great leaders of our history. We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice.
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
As president, I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage.

Not too long ago, they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic. Some said it was ‘pie-in-the-sky.’ NY and CA are just the tipping point.
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders calls for shutting down New York nuclear power plant:  
RT @mcbyrne: UW professor @saragoldrickrab makes the case for @BernieSanders free college plan.  
Today, the Supreme Court helped ensure the equality of one person, one vote. Now, we must continue to fight all forms of voter suppression.
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: The Supreme Court rejected a conservative bid to include only eligible voters in electoral districts https://t.…
We need a new approach to trade in this country — one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations.
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics: we are telling the truth.
Let me be clear: I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic, in the Gulf and in the Atlantic.
RT @lsarsour: Two PROUD Brooklynites who got @BernieSanders back.  Honored to stomp ground with @rosariodawson. …
RT @DannyEFreeman: Introducing @BernieSanders in Madison, WI tonight? Brooklyn Muslim activist, @lsarsour. 
My climate plan will cut  carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050, in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution.
Let's send a very strong message to Gov. Walker that his voter suppression efforts will not work! Vote on April 5.

RT @MehcadBrooks: I'm giving speech/introducing Bernie in  tmw at BMO Harris Bradley Center. Come join us. Doors open at 4.

http…
Join me tomorrow for a  Rally in Milwaukee with @thesummerset, @3OH3 and others!  
RT @saragoldrickrab: Fact: The Pell Grant's purchasing power will continue to erode under Hillary's plan. The poor won't be helped.
I recognize it's a bold peice of legislation. But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren.
I am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the United States Senate.
RT @saragoldrickrab: FACT: Hillary's  plan prioritize private college like those her &amp; Trump's kids attend. Bernie's …
RT @3OH3: We're honored and excited to be playing for @BernieSanders in Milwaukee on Monday!  
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet. I’ve led the opposition to it from the beginning.
RT @saragoldrickrab: Fact: Hillary Clinton's higher ed plan continues to leave undocumented students out of higher ed. Bernie's fully incor…
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world. It’s too late for incremental change. We must act boldly.
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders: Having been an independent "makes my candidacy even stronger"   https://t…
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans.
RT @CNNSotu: This week on  @BernieSanders will talk to @jaketapper ahead of the Wisconsin primary. 
As president, I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history. He's got it backwards.
I say to Scott Walker: if you are afraid of fair and open elections, get out of politics and get another job.
Under Gov. Walker, we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin. Absolutely wrong and unacceptable.
RT @cascamike: "our country's future is brighter under a sanders presidency." 
In 1980, Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent. It's time to extend this cap to every lender in America.
RT @ErikaAndiola: Comunicado de Sanders sobre Crisis de Deuda Puertorriqueña
 via @BernieSanders
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent.
Volunteers and supporters all across the country are powering this political revolution. Thank you.

RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a “Future to Believe In” rally in Wisconsin:  
Wisconsin, make your voice heard by voting this Tuesday, April 5.  
Current status of the Clark County, Nevada credentials committee. 
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County, Nevada Democratic Convention: 
Change cannot take place without political participation.
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.
Wisconsin — you vote on Tuesday, April 5. Join the political revolution!  
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin happening now:  
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier.

This is why we must fight for bold ideas, not half-measures. 
RT @UniPolitica: Así reaccionó el público en  cuando @BernieSanders habló del gobernador del estado Scott Walker.   …
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a campaign rally in Sheboygan, Wisconsin: 
RT @issielapowsky: The  rally proves that even in the social media age, live campaigning still matters most: …
RT @Weezer: Felt the Bern this morning at @GMA. 
Campaign money bundled by fossil fuel lobbyists:
⚬ $ million for @HillaryClinton 
⚬ $0 for @BernieSanders
RT @nowthisnews: NowThis is LIVE on @Facebook from Harlem for a @BernieSanders campaign roundtable about women's issues: …
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders campaign hosting a round table in Harlem with Rosario Dawson, Michelle Alexander and Tessa Thompson. https://t…
Wisconsin — today is the last day for early voting. Please visit  to find your nearest voting location.
As a born and raised New Yorker, I’m very proud. A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation.

RT @MarkRuffalo: .@HillaryClinton Your "safe and responsible" fracking has brought us air and H2o contamination, earthquakes, bomb trains,…
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba. Fifty years of Cold War is enough.
RT @GMA: "Sec. Clinton has taken significant sums of money from the fossil fuel industry." -@BernieSanders 
I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $ trillion to invade Iraq.
Thank you to everyone who contributed to our campaign in March. You are our political revolution.
RT @TheBradMielke: These numbers are crazy. After a record-setting February, the @BernieSanders camp announces even more money raised in Ma…
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight! Wheel in the sky keeps on Bernin’… 

“The truth is that @HillaryClinton has relied heavily on funds from oil, gas and coal industry lobbyists."

Last chance to get your  sticker! Grab yours here:  
They never thought we could do it. We're on track to raise $ million. Chip in here:  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders appears on Colbert's "Late Show" tonight as "The Wheel of News Mystery Guest." 
RT @BenJealous: New Poll: @BernieSanders Up 11 Points Over HRC With Black Voters in Wisconsin!   https:/…
"The average contribution to our campaign is $27.” 
Make yours before tonight’s deadline here: 
"I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets. We must end childhood poverty." 
RT @mjbeckel: Portion of campaign $$ from donors who have given legal max:
@HillaryClinton: 51%
@BernieSanders: 3%
…
"I am very proud to have been born in New York City!”  
RT @onearmedmaninc: Big cheers as Residente condemns US support for Latin American dictatorship, and boos for Henry Kissinger. …
RT @NYWFP: .@SpikeLee: "Bernie has to win NY!"     
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson, Harry Belafonte, Spike Lee and Residente. Tune in LIVE:
 
RT @clairesandberg: .@HillaryClinton comes out in support of a ban on  in NY—about five years later than we needed her to. https:/…
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month. Help us reach our goal before midnight! 
RT @OphirBruck: YUGE crowd waiting for Bernie. And this is the overflow area.   
RT @shailenewoodley: phone banking for ! making calls to  at the moment from sunny LA. volunteer here:  h…
It’s still a long shot, but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal. Contribute before our deadline: 
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
Under my administration, Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.
Get your  sticker with any contribution to our campaign before they're gone:  
"I survived. I became stronger. I have a voice." - Andrea Zekis, Transgender Activist 

The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country. I believe that they will win.  
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds a "Future to Believe In" rally in Pittsburgh:  
Hitting our goal of $ million today will shock the establishment and help us win Wisconsin. Chip in: 
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders discusses the impact of trade deals  
We can't have a safe &amp; sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's products are making their profits from Wall Street.
RT @MSNBC: NOW: @maddow's exclusive interview with @BernieSanders airing on @MSNBC  
RT @maryaliceparks: Spike Lee, Harry Belafonte, and Rosario Dawson among folks introducing @BernieSanders at his NYC rally tomorrow in the…
We've only got a few  stickers left. Grab yours before they fly away:  
RT @maddow: My exclusive interview with @BernieSanders starts at 10PM ET, 
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies. I think they are.
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street.
Agreed, @JumaaneWilliams! And yes, we will campaign like Brooklynites!  
Your Republican frontrunner, ladies and gentlemen. Shameful. 
I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $700 billion to bailout Wall Street in 2008.
I want children to know that if they study hard, no matter what the income of their families, they will be able to get a college education.
We decided to make a sticker to commemorate ! Grab yours before they’re gone: 
RT @DAVID_LYNCH: Dear Twtter Friends, 
YAY! BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT!!!
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt. That shortsighted path forward must end.
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use.
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color. Read my plan: 
RT @maryaliceparks: Watch @BernieSanders Milwaukee rally live here - 
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country. It is too late for establishment policies, politics and economics.
It's time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency.
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people, not going to billionaires' homes begging for money.

The vast majority of  students are already working to put themselves through school. The kids are alright.
Yet wealthy kids under @HillaryClinton's plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week. Kids from working families would. 
War has got to be the last recourse, not the first.
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest @Residente this Thursday, March 31. RSVP here:  
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.
From Wisconsin to California, the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. 

This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain. 
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate. 
“You should be willing to debate anytime, anywhere.” — @HillaryClinton in 2008.

A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage.
RT @Morning_Joe: Dem Poll: @BernieSanders 49%, @HillaryClinton 48% 
We need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot.
I agree. But here’s the difference: I support a $15 federal minimum wage. @HillaryClinton does not. 
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power. That's what I do.
RT @BPEricAdams: Any candidate — @HillaryClinton, @BernieSanders, or otherwise — should be fortunate to have the grit &amp; tenacity that defin…
HuffPost: Voters’ Unfavorable View of Clinton Warns Democrats of Trouble Ahead 
Scientists tell us we need bold action, not incremental change. 
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people.
RT @NYWFP: After California, "NY leaders need to catch up by passing $15 for all workers"​- @ScharffK  …
Pennsylvania — today is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  and take part in the democratic process!
The sad reality is that across the globe, the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters.
I hope very much that as we go into New York, Sec. Clinton’s home state, we'll have a debate. Sign if you agree:

We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity.
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people. Read more of our plan here:  
I agree with @Lin_Manuel. Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt. 

We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.
RT @TulsiGabbard:  shows  to @BernieSanders with 70% of the vote  
Ill-conceived military decisions, such as the invasion of Iraq, can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades.
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years.

Voter ID laws, discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression.
We are grieving today for the families affected by the deplorable attack in Lahore. No one should ever fear taking their children to a park.
RT @TheBradMielke: Coming off 3 sweeping victories yesterday, @BernieSanders challenges @HillaryClinton to debate on her home turf: New Yor…
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate!
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders se impuso ayer con 82% en Alaska, 73% en Washington y 71% en Hawaii:  …
RT @kartpath: "Brooklyn was Bernin’ Saturday as @BernieSanders’ campaign opened a hometown headquarters with a raucous rally…”
…
RT @meetthepress: Last night @BernieSanders won in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington state.  
RT @meetthepress: Coming up: @BernieSanders joins @chucktodd on  after his wins in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington.
Thank you, Hawai'i!  
RT @janeosanders: An unforgettable moment. "Bern, you just won Washington.” So proud of you! 
Our campaign was just declared the winner of two more states. Make a $3 contribution to show your support tonight!

Washington, thank you for your huge support! It is hard for anybody to deny that our campaign has the momentum.  
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here: 
Thank you, Alaska! Together we are sending a message that this government belongs to all of us.  
Thank you to the 50,000 International Longshore and Warehouse Union members! You are a vital part of our movement. 
Together. 
Pennsylvania: the deadline to register to vote in your primary is on Monday. Please visit  to find out how.
RT @feelthebernorg: Check out this great volunteer-made tool:  Message people that like Bernie in each state and in…
RT @NYWFP: Brooklyn showing huge love for @ninaturner at  HQ kickoff   
Turnout is huge across Washington! Stay in line and make sure your voice is heard. 
Today we are going to tell the world we demand a government that represents all of us, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.
Rhode Island: tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit  to find out how.
Today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. Grab a friend and go caucus! 
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution!

Alaska, Hawaii and Washington — today we caucus. Get to your caucus location early and join history in the making. 
Tune in to  live here: 
RT @kylieatwood: As a kid @BernieSanders dreamed of being on a MLB field, didn't think he would be giving a speech. But here he is: https:/…
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
Violence and brutality, particularly at the hands of the police, is unacceptable and must not be tolerated.
Under my administration, the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands.

A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution.   
Let's fly away with a win tomorrow for .  
RT @portlandia: Put. A. Bern. On. It.  
"The American people are not looking to settle for inches. They're looking for real change." 

 and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field. Meet us there:  
RT @TheDailyShow: We anticipated  months ago  
A vote for Bernie is a vote for . Come out and caucus tomorrow in AK, HI &amp; WA. 

 
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here: 
 
We need to reform our criminal justice system so that we don't continue to see such a grotesque disparity in sentencing for people of color.
Alaska, Hawaii &amp; Washington — grab a friend or family member and caucus for Bernie tomorrow. Together, we can win. 
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation. 

RT @DREAMerJ_D: New York — Join our staff for a big rally and massive canvass launch at our state HQ grand opening in Brooklyn! RSVP
https:…
Wisconsin, join me for a rally in Madison tomorrow at 1 PM. RSVP here:  
RT @thehill: DNC official who quit to back Sanders cuts emotional new ad | WATCH:  
RT @cascamike: "when republicans controlled congress sanders passed the most roll call amendments (17) out of anyone in the house…” https:/…
RT @Alancumming: Today is the last day to register to vote in the NY primary!  has my vote!
  https://t.…
Seattle — join me for a rally today at 4 PM at Safeco Field. More info here: 

For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.
We have more people in jail than any other country. Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans.
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy.
RT @VanJones68: AMAZING AD! "The Cost of War | Bernie Sanders" @TulsiGabbard  
RT @janeosanders: I'm in Anchorage, Alaska tonight hosting a town hall. If you can't make it, tune in for the live stream here: 
https://t.…
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008, but Social Security was right there paying full benefits.
RT @politico: .@BernieSanders gets backing from key West Coast union  | AP Photo 
Wyoming! Tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  to find out how.
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make, not the Governor of Indiana. 

We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.
New York! Tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  to find out how.
RT @maryaliceparks: Good news for @BernieSanders headed into Saturday's WA caucus - campaign announces endorsement from Internat'l Longshor…
Join me for a rally in Portland, Oregon tomorrow. RSVP here:
 
One way we can make it easier to vote is by reaffirming our support for the Voting Rights Act. Add your support: 
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act.  Voting should not be this difficult.
On Tuesday night, people waited in line for 5 hours to vote. We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots. This is unacceptable.
I'm glad to see @MayorStanton asking @TheJusticeDept to investigate the voting delays in Arizona.  
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world.
It's time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. This law has no place in America. 
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders: "He trabajado por los ", entrevista de @Yorshmore  …
My plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. Then we can expand health care and make college free.
As president, I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade. We must protect and expand a woman's right to abortion.
As president, I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights. 
Bernie is on LIVE right now with @TheYoungTurks. Tune in here: 
RT @TheYoungTurks: Cenk Uygur will be interviewing Bernie Sanders LIVE On , TODAY at 6pm easter…  http…
The goal of  military policy must be to destroy ISIS, but to do it in a way that does not get  troops involved in perpetual warfare.
Join @TulsiGabbard for a national conference call on veterans’ issues tomorrow, March 24. RSVP here: 

As president, I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly. I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote.
Smile! We're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit yours:  😀
RT @billmckibben: America's greenhouse gas emissions are barely falling--or not at all--thanks to .  https:…
No, we’re not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a “moral” objection to it. 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control. 
Trump thinks we should not raise the minimum wage. He wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the wealthy. I don't think so.
It is time for the  government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity.

We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.
Thank you Idaho for our second big win of the night! 
Thank you to all those who caucused tonight in Utah! 
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here: 
If you're in Arizona, make sure to stay in line. Every vote counts.
It’s a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election.
RT @JimmyKimmelLive: Senator @BernieSanders TONIGHT + @TWHiddleston @GrangerSmith and Jimmy &amp; @IamGuillermo return as  h…
Utah — If you're in line, you have a right to caucus. Make your voice heard. Stay in line and caucus for Bernie. Issues? Call 385-223-6954.
If you're in line to vote before 7  in Arizona, do not leave! You have the right to vote. Any issues or concerns? Call 512-938-8850.
RT @VoteReagan: Attn  Voters - if in line by 7 pm at polls, you can vote no matter how long the line is!  Hang tough!  Votes
Idaho — If you're in line, you have a right to caucus. Your voice matters. Stay in line and practice democracy. 
Questions or issues while voting or caucusing today? Call our hotline: 
RT @micnews: .@BernieSanders is the only presidential candidate with a plan to empower Native Americans: 
Arizona, we need your help! After you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote or caucus right now! Text FIND to 82623 for your location. 
RT @TheDemocrats: This is how a president talks to fellow Americans. 
Idaho, stand up and fight for American democracy, an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy. 

I continue to stand by the President's calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba. Fifty years of Cold War is enough.
RT @keithellison: We must stand together against terror. @realDonaldTrump &amp; @tedcruz embrace fear &amp; hatred by proposing torture &amp; racial pr…
RT @CWADistrict1: .@VerizonPolicy @verizon Bernie's playbook is just fine. Vz pays lower fed income tax rate than many of its workers. http…
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in Arizona, Idaho or Utah today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts! 
RT @DREAMerJ_D:    Text ur state initials AZ, ID, or UT to 82623 for voting information   https:…
RT @standwithraul: Everyone go support @BernieSanders in  today! I know i will. Learn more, help out at  …
It’s important we not succumb to bigotry. We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion.
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House.

There is no question that you are looking at the strongest Democratic candidate. 

Arizona, Idaho y Utah — Llegó el turno de ustedes para votar por nuestro movimiento. Vayan con sus familiares y amigos a votar.
Arizona, we need your help! After you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: 
RT @TIMEPolitics: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Bernie Sanders is the commander in chief we need  via @TulsiGabbard
Not only would we beat Donald Trump in Utah, we would beat him badly. Utah: vote to win the White House. 
Arizona, Utah and Idaho — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote.
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium: 
We offer our deepest condolences to the families who lost loved ones in this barbaric attack and to the people of Brussels.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders picks up his 27th superdelegate: Danica Oparnica, the DNC's ethnic council vice chair from Arizona
RT @allinwithchris: .@BernieSanders: "Campaigns and elections are not a 're about trying to change America"  …
RT @LaurenBlanch12: "I think there is no question you are looking at the strongest democrat to beat republicans" says @BernieSanders at Fla…
RT @12News: LIVE: Bernie Sanders rally in Flagstaff, AZ 
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here, not cast them out.
Smile! We're making new ads and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit your video: 
Don’t know that I’d call President Obama's 72 straight months of job growth an “awful legacy.” 
Wonder how many $27 contributions @HillaryClinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist: 
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman.
RT @CBSNews: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds campaign rally, discusses "rigged economy"  - @CBSNLive …
It's time to shut the revolving door between Wall Street and the government. Wall Street will not be represented in my administration.
I believe Israel, Palestine and the international community can, must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace.
Watch Bernie deliver a foreign policy speech LIVE in Utah here: 

Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
RT @RI4Bernie: Pennsylvania! This campaign is one that is  and for the people. Register to vote by March 28. …
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV!  
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
Wisconsin! This political revolution is one that is of the people and . Register to vote by April 1. 
We've shown what's possible competing against the billionaires. Time to show we can organize our communities too. 
Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all. 
RT @People4Bernie: This campaign is . Every single one of us, regardless of our politics, race, gender, or place of origin htt…
When we stand together, we win.  
RT @BernieOnIssues: Phonebanking for Bernie is one of highest impact things you can do! Help us create a government . https://…
This campaign is a political revolution—millions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
Arizona, Idaho and Utah vote and caucus tomorrow! We have a good chance to win if we stand together. 

As president, I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v. Wade.
Our political revolution is now resonating all over the world. Thank you, Democrats abroad! 
RT @standwithraul: Why I'm voting for @BernieSanders in Tuesday : best  plan &amp; economic vision …
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era. 
When we come together and don’t allow people to divide us, we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent.
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history.
Thank you, Seattle! If every person here brings a friend and a family member out to vote, we will win on Saturday! 
RT @Residente: Acá les dejo el plan que tiene @BernieSanders para Puerto Rico. Léanlo 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men, women, and children and throwing them out of the country.
RT @komonews: WATCH NOW: @BernieSanders taking the stage NOW at Key Arena  
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues.
Together, we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare.
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line — someone with judgment.
Unfortunately, what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true.
In 2003, I voted against the War in Iraq. It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war.
That starts with defending veterans’ benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress.
In the wake of that war, we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans.
That’s money that could have been spent on rebuilding America’s schools, roads, bridges and water systems.
When the last benefits are calculated, that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars.
We invaded Iraq 13 years ago today. We must ask ourselves: are we more or less safe because of that war?
Utah, join the political revolution. Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday, March 22.  
RT @WyWomen4Bernie: Wyoming! This political revolution is one that is  and for the people. Register to vote by March 25. https:…
Idaho, want real change? Caucus on Tuesday for Bernie Sanders. Bring your friends and family with you!  
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution . Go out and vote on Tuesday. 
I talked to a young man serving in the US military and while he was serving his country, his wife was deported. That's beyond comprehension.
RT @Latinos4Bernie:  shouldn't be bailed out  anymore, it's time for  to pay their fair share! https://t.…
No matter where you live, you can join the fight. And we need each and every one of you!  
Wall Street is terrified because we are running a campaign that does not support their agenda. We represent working families. 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
RT @williamecurley: This fight isn't even close to being over.  
RT @NewyorkWeissman: @BernieSanders  don't underestimate us! 🔥🔥🔥 
This campaign is a political revolution , and we must make sure that health care is a right, not a privilege.
RT @People4Bernie: We are  because the PEOPLE deserve health care. The corporations DON'T deserve free handouts. …
We don't go around asking a handful of millionaires for big checks and call it a day. We rely on you. Donate: 
Change will not come without political participation. Join us:   
No one said a political revolution would be easy. We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose. 
YOU are the reason we have done so well against the political establishment and its super PACs. And you're how Bernie will win. 
Arizona, Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday. We have a good chance to win if we stand together.   
This is a campaign of the people,  and for the people. 
 
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire. We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together. 

Despite growing poverty among seniors, Republicans want more austerity for the elderly and more tax breaks for the rich.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders: People will appreciate when they look at the polls that I do better against Donald Trump than Hillary C…
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.
"Bernie is not a politician of convenience. He understands that the powerless need a voice.” - @StandWithRaul

RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders will only be on @FacetheNation this morning to talk about his path to the nomination. Tune in @ 10:30amE…
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's border is wrong and immoral.
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
RT @shailenewoodley: in  for the day in support of    are you going to Caucasus on Tuesday ?!?! …
RT @AP: Standing before US-Mexico border fence, Bernie Sanders vows to keep immigrant families together: 
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet, we must fight for fair wages for all.
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. We need a political revolution.
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
We have a real path toward victory in AZ, UT and ID if you can commit to talking to voters!  
The struggle for our rights isn’t the struggle of a day or a year. It’s the struggle of a lifetime. 

When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win. 
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation. They ain’t seen nothing yet. 
It's important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see.  
We don't have millionaires and billionaires to bundle money from their rich friends. We have you. 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.

This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain .  They want real change!
Touring the border here in Nogales, Arizona. I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families. 
RT @ErikaAndiola: "We need to protect refugee children. I just met one from El Salvador. I disagree with Clinton. They should not deported"…
RT @DREAMerJ_D: We need compassion &amp; justice not hate when we deal with our   system - @BernieSanders  https:…
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges, not more walls. Pope Francis is right. 
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.  
RT @GRForSanders: Political Revolutions Look Like This:

 
 
This is a campaign , by the people, and for the people. 
 
We can live in a nation where if you work 40 hours a week, you know that your child is able to go to college regardless of your income.
Vote for the political revolution. 
Sec. Clinton may disagree with me, but I don’t think it’s a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad.
Boeing gets 40 percent of the money discharged by the Export-Import Bank. And let me tell you, Boeing ain't exactly a small business.
Today, you've got child care workers making minimum wage. That is crazy. We should value our child care workers more than that.
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah. We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout. 

RT @TulsiGabbard: In case you missed this @Reuters poll: American voters trust @BernieSanders most to lead our military: …
We can have differences about when to go to war, but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned. 
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors. 
Washington: If you can’t attend your caucus, today is the last day to mail-in your ballot! Visit  for more info!
And while we don't guarantee health care to all, we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending.
Sec. Clinton says she got to travel the world. Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people?
RT @RI4A: .@BernieSanders, in Arizona, Takes On Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
 

A grassroots movement by the numbers:
✅ Nearly 2 million donors
✅ More than  million contributions
✅ Average contribution: $27
I don't take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it back—absolutely.
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Idaho Falls here: 
RT @UniPolitica: "Cuidado, Joe", le advierte @BernieSanders a @RealSheriffJoe.  
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free. I know my opponent thinks it’s a radical idea, I don’t.
How is it that tens of thousands of bright young people today are unable to go to college because they can’t afford it? That's unacceptable.
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street.
RT @CBS5AZ: Watch LIVE: Presidential candidate @BernieSanders town hall in    …
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population.
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
This is why my plan to  starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground.  
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution.
Sec. Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry. I am doing it a different way.
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint? 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders joins @Maddow tonight! Don't miss a minute with the Vermont Senator. Tune in to MSNBC at 9pmET. …
Here’s a radical idea: We're going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the billionaires!
RT @NickySundt: Feel the burn: record global temps in Jan-Feb after record hike in atmospheric CO2 in 2015.  https:/…
If patriotism means anything, it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us.
We don’t have billionaires waiting in the wings with bags of cash. This campaign is led by people like you. Donate: 
If you're a kid caught with marijuana, you get a record. If you're an exec on Wall St. that destroyed the economy, you get off scot-free.
I don’t believe you can take on climate change effectively while taking money from those who would profit off the destruction of the planet.
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed, paid parental leave. We must guarantee these benefits.
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families, not just the CEOs of large corporations.
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. We can change this system.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
I am not just asking for your vote. I am asking for you to get involved in a political revolution. Join us: 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
No one said the political revolution would be easy. We’re facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose. Donate: 
Between our government’s unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud, it’s no wonder drug prices are out of control.
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs. America needs a political revolution.
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans.
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken. 
RT @RockTheVote: "If you are afraid of free and fair elections, get out of politics. Get another job." @BernieSanders 
RT @UniPolitica: "El motivo por el que Trump no será presidente es porque EEUU no aceptará insultos a mexicanos, musulmanes o mujeres", dic…
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @BernieSanders: "We are doing something very  are telling the truth."  https://t…
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system.

RT @NBCNews: WATCH LIVE: Sanders speaks to supporters after  election results  
Seen in Chicago. 
RT @NCForBernie: Polls close in 30 minutes North Carolina! Make your voice heard!  
Last chance to head to the polls! Head out the door and text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. Go vote now. 
It's not too late to get out and vote for Bernie! Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling location and head over right now. 
RT @nprcinc: Bernie Sanders represents real hope for Puerto Rico @huffpostblog  via @LatinoVoices
RT @Chicago4Bernie: If you're 17 but will be 18 before the general election in November, you ARE eligible to vote. You can register @ polls…
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and go vote.
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout and report it:  
Florida, grab your friends and family and go vote today. Polls are open until 7 PM.  
RT @DFAaction: Florida, @BernieSanders is asking for your vote on  GOTV 2 day    https://…
Voting for Bernie in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri or Florida today? Use  and share this image! 
Voters are going to the polls in five different states. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Ohio, it’s your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline.  
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida — not sure where to vote? Look up your polling location at 
RT @robdelaney: This is genuinely, I swear to God, fun.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. IL, NC, FL, MO, and OH: please go vote today.  
We need your help getting supporters out to vote. Can you spare an hour to call voters and get them to the polls? 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. Vote for Bernie today and use  to share! 
Today is an incredibly important day for our movement. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
RT @MoveOn:    @BernieSanders  
Sisters and brothers in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida: make your voice heard today. Go vote. 
RT @NewDay: For @BernieSanders to do well today, it's all about turnout, says supporter @BenJealous.  
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests. 
RT @ErikaAndiola: @janeosanders meeting with undocumented families, Arpaio's victims, refugee children and Dreamers.  https…
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem. Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues.
Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig and Chris Tomson  and want you to go out and VOTE for Bernie tomorrow.

I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign. This is a grassroots campaign.
Idaho is ready to caucus for Bernie on March 22. Thanks for the huge march on Saturday!  
RT @People4Bernie: It's go time! Get them out to vote. Call all the phones   
This campaign is proving that you can run for office without taking money from corporate America and special interests. 
RT @MSNBC: TUNE IN: @BernieSanders participates in a town hall with @chucktodd on @MSNBC. 
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers, not just coal workers.  
RT @jamieson: Just in: Amalgamated Transit Union endorses Bernie Sanders for president. Union reps 190K transit workers …
RT @StandupforPR: Thank you Senator @BernieSanders for standing up for Puerto Rico    https://…
RT @janeosanders: What an honor to be invited to Oak Flat yesterday, the sacred land of the San Carlos Apache Tribe. Thank you! …
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers.
Thank you Tobey Giat for participating in democracy and for your help on my campaign. We can't do this without you. 

If you want a candidate who will defeat Trump or some other Republican, you are looking at him. 
RT @WSJPolitics: New: Bernie Sanders to unveil HIV/AIDS research initiative to spur development of new drugs to treat the disease.  https:/…
RT @CNNgo: Next: @MarkRuffalo joins @ThisHour to explain why he's supporting @BernieSanders. Watch LIVE  …
When we talk about war, we must talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury.
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of nearly any major country on earth. 
RT @jesuschuygar: Vote Tuesday, March 15th      …
.@HillaryClinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money. 
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.
RT @kartpath: .@BernieSanders is the only candidate in this race who will fight for a ban on fracking.

With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment.
When we talk about education, we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage. 
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty. 
Espero que el señor Trump le diga a sus seguidores que la violencia no es aceptable en el proceso democrático. 
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders. 

Like any other public official, when a police officer breaks the law, that officer must be held accountable. 
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process. We should condemn violence not encourage it. 
RT @cnnbrk: .@BernieSanders is up first in the . Watch CNNgo:  
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois. 
The American people don’t need a president who says the right things in a stump speech. They need a president who is with them every day.
Trump should tone down his rhetoric and condemn the violence of some of his supporters. 
"We need you Obi-Wan." - @DannyDeVito introducing Bernie in St. Louis before Missouri's primary on Tuesday.

RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @DannyDeVito surprises @BernieSanders rally in St. Louis: "We need you, Obi-Wan!" 
https://t…
Today in the United States the top 1 percent earns more income than the bottom 50 percent. Does that make sense?
RT @BenJealous: Donald Trump: There is something more powerful than fear and hatred and violence. It is LOVE &amp; UNITY! …
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America.
RT @PDPJ: Line to get into @BernieSanders event in Affton, Mo--h/t @trymainelee for timelapse line idea see @stltoday for more …
RT @ThisWeekABC: WATCH: @BernieSanders says @realDonaldTrump's claim he organized protesters at Trump rally is "totally untrue." https://t.…
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child.
RT @CNNSotu: Before Sunday night's town hall @BernieSanders will talk to @jaketapper on  
I have a message for Secretary Clinton: We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement. We need to defeat it. 

RT @maryaliceparks: Watch @BernieSanders'
Missouri State rally live here   

RT @docftw33: Cast my ballot today for @BernieSanders at the BlackHawk County Dem County Convention. 
RT @MoveOn:   @BernieSanders 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time.
.@HillaryClinton and party allies are disenfranchising worker-class delegates at Polk County Iowa Democratic Convention.
Effort under way right now by @hillaryclinton and party allies to steal Polk County Iowa conv. election Bernie won earlier today.
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price.

We win when people come together. We win when we reject division.
Good to be back in Chicago.

"Every American, regardless of their income, should have access to a college education.” - @TroyLaRaviere

RT @RevJJackson: ICYMI: @RPCoalition w/ One-on-One convo w/ @SenSanders. Dr. @CornelWest &amp; @HGC1968    https…
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve.
I'm asking young people to be leaders in this country. Help us create a nation where every person realizes their full promise of equality.
RT @Dakarai_Turner: .@BernieSanders picks up the endorsement of @jamalhbryant from Chicago 
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up.

I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me. I don’t want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers.
We do things a little different in this campaign: We bring people TOGETHER. 
Watch Bernie live in Summit, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including combating climate change. 
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder.

The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
RT @politico: .@BernieSanders wins: Ohio judge rules 17-year-olds can vote on election day  | Getty …
North Carolinians who missed the first deadline can still register for early voting until tomorrow at 1PM ET.

RT @Marcy_Kaptur: Welcome to @BernieSanders the next President of the United States! 
If elected, I won't send the TPP to Congress and will continue to fight efforts to pass it. I urge @HillaryClinton to join me.
Remembering Jane Lang. We will continue her fight for universal health care.  
As president, I will govern based on principle not poll numbers. Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests.
That's a good question. My answer is yes.  
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Unlike Sec. Clinton, I have nothing to release.
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement, not a weaker one.
The politics of division has no place in our country. Trump should take responsibility for addressing his supporters' violent actions.
RT @taddevine: Why Bernie Would Crush Trump and Why Every Vote For Hillary Puts Trump Closer to the White House 
I agree. That's why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions. 
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources.
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history.
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians. We must overturn Citizens United before it’s too late.
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement, a political revolution in this country.
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits.
Real change takes place when people stand up and say “enough is enough,” and when we create a political revolution from the ground up.
The message we are sending to the billionaire class is you cannot continue to get huge tax breaks while children in America go hungry.
RT @cascamike: .@washingtonpost: "5 times hillary clinton has played fast and loose with the facts on bernie sanders’ record.” …
PolitiFact: Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan 
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind.
RT @maryaliceparks: Watch @BernieSanders Gainesville rally live  @UF University of Florida 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign. It is a people’s campaign.
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the  We've lost 60,000 factories since 2001.
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America. 

Bernie votó contra la guerra de Irak y cambiar el régimen en Libia porque temía lo que sucedería después. Desafortunadamente, él tuvo razón.
Sec. Clinton is arguing that the  should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people.
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage. How would @HillaryClinton get there? 
Why does @HillaryClinton think it's okay for Trump's kids to go to elementary, middle, and high schools for free, but not colleges?
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after. Unfortunately, he was right.
Necesitamos una economía que funcione para todos, no sólo para un puñado de multimillonarios. 

El director de Goldman Sachs no me dio $250,000; al contrario, dijo que soy un peligro. Y tiene razón — soy un peligro para Wall Street.
The head of Goldman Sachs didn’t give Bernie $225,000 for a speech. He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street. And he’s right.
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders. 
Video from that Clinton speech telling Wall St to "cut it out" shows her greeting "wonderful donors" in the room. 
Let's stop the racism. Let's stop the xenophobia. Let's stop Trump. 
RT @davidaxelrod: She did it again and I'll say it again. It's misleading to imply that TARP II was an auto bailout bill. 
Bernie’s immigration plan is the gold standard. "We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness.” -@nytimes 
"The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners." - @HillaryClinton on the "auto" bailout in 2008.
.@HillaryClinton doubles down on "negative tactics" and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times: 
RT @julito77: "Madam Secretary, I would match my record against yours any day of the week." @BernieSanders 
No deportaré a niños que viven en Estados Unidos de América. Eso lo puedo prometer. 
“We have laws.” - @HillaryClinton  
I will not deport children from the United States of America. I can make that promise.  
"Clinton acknowledged that, in some cases, a child’s deportation could bring them great harm."  
“Como presidenta, yo me opondré a darle licencias de conducir a personas indocumentadas…” — @HillaryClinton en 2007. 
"As president, I will not support driver’s licenses for undocumented " - @HillaryClinton in 2007
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up.

"I am, you know, adamantly against illegal immigration.” - @HillaryClinton.

Cuando iniciamos estábamos 50 puntos detrás de la “nominada demócrata inevitable”. Ahora esa candidata no se ve tan inevitable. 
When we began we were 50 points behind the “inevitable Democratic nominee.” Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable. 
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the  in Miami. Tune in live here  and .
Bernie está a punto de subir al escenario del  en Miami. Míralo en  y participa usando .
I stand with Chicago teachers. We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street. 
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people. We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs.
Some people say young people are apathetic. It seems to me like they are ready to transform America.
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty. There's enough violence in the world and the  government shouldn't add to it. 
Multinational corporations making billions, moving jobs overseas, are asking for handouts from our middle class? I don't think so.
RT @Univision23: No se pierdan nuestro debate esta noche en @Univision.  
RT @rbecker51: On behalf of @BernieSanders, shukran jazilan! 
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right. That's taking care of its people. Not more tax breaks for the rich.
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders: "I don't give speeches behind closed doors to Goldman Sachs and I'm very proud of that" 
.@FLGovScott, veto this bill. Don’t play politics with abortion.  
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power, and to take on the ruling class.
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids?
At the end of the day big money doesn’t always win. What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us.
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class. A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally, economically or politically.
The corporate media counted us out. The pollsters said we were way behind. But we won. Thank you, Michigan. 
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation, the wealthy have never had it so good.
Michigan: if you’re in line to vote, you have a right to vote. Stay in line and make your voice heard.
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men. It’s sexism and it has got to end. 
Love always trumps hate. 
This is what we can learn from history: when people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
Watch Bernie in Miami live right now: 
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials. This should make us all proud. 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents. 
Michigan and Mississippi — not sure where to vote? That's OK! Look up your polling location at 
We must ensure pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work — it's not a radical idea. 
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi? Use  and share this image! 
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave.  
This is why it's so important that our Democratic debate moderators . 

To our supporters abroad: today is your last chance to vote in the Global Primary. Submit your ballot by 6PM ET. 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Change cannot take place without political participation.
Michigan y Mississippi — Llegó tu turno para participar en nuestro movimiento. ¡Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar!
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: "They should be sent back." 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Michigan and Mississippi: please go vote today. 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street, but in fact it's Wall Street that regulates Congress.
Michigan and Mississippi — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote.
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick. Health care must be a right, not a privilege.
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change. We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it.
There is so much violence in our world today. I just don't think the state should add to it. That's one reason I oppose the death penalty.
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.
RT @MMFlint: Here it is from Forbes: Bernie was for the auto bailout but against the Wall Street bailout: 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
Bottom line: with ISIS in Libya, the 2011 intervention made us less safe. You don’t get extra points for good intentions.
It took @FoxNews to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate. 
RT @Sam_Frizell: Sanders: I believe health care is a right of all people.
Baier: Excuse me, where did that right come from?
Sanders: Being …
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues.
When forced to defend a record of supporting bad trade deals, sometimes you say things that just aren't correct. 
Last night, @HillaryClinton went out of her way to mischaracterize my vote on the auto bailout. 
RT @nickconfessore: Clinton's answer on fracking vs. Sanders' answer. 
RT @jonathanoosting: Another big line for @BernieSanders in Dearborn 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance.
But to this day there are efforts by Republicans to make it harder for African-Americans, low-income people and senior citizens to vote.
From the @WashingtonPost: "Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout. He even voted for it."

RT @jonodiener: Michigan friends! @BernieSanders rally TODAY in Ann Arbor and music from @nateruessmusic and @JRJRmusic! GO! …
RT @tomlobianco: "Share that speech with the American people!" @BernieSanders pressing @HillaryClinton for Goldman Sachs speeches
The reality is that Congress doesn’t regulate Wall Street. Wall Street, its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress.
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Tonight proved once again that we are well on our way towards winning this Democratic primary. Thank you, Maine!  
RT @HillaryClinton: Another way we can help the kids and families of Flint: donate what you can to   http…
RT @kenvogel: Hillary―boasting about all her donors―has raised 17% of her $ from small donors. Bernie raised 70% from small donors https://…
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  
If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? 
Safe fracking is like clean coal, pure fiction. 
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking. @HillaryClinton does. Big difference. 
Q. Do you support fracking? 
A. No. 

RT @TelemundoNews: : "El problema de las drogas es un asunto de salud, no un problema de criminalidad" 
RT @reynoldsjessica: The picture and story of Bernie Sanders getting arrested in Chicago   …
RT @MMFlint: Hillary has no clue that the "auto bailout" didn't save ONE single job in Flint. We used to have 80,000 GM jobs here. Today? 5…
RT @BenJealous: Bernie Sanders denouncing the mass incarceration provisions of the crime bill in April of 1994:  …
RT @RyanLizza: That's a big difference between Clinton WH &amp; Sanders: BS opposed the punitive aspects of the crime bill, while Clinton admin…
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail’s father, consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family: 
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes. Why do they need our taxpayer dollars? 
RT @kartpath: The thing about getting from 90% to 100% is you need a plan to get there. Here’s one from @BernieSanders:
…
RT @the_intercept: Hillary Clinton made $ million from just 12 speeches to big banks:   …
FACT: Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008. 

Bernie was one of the first, not one of the last, to oppose the job-killing TPP. 
cc: @HillaryClinton
Tune in to tonight's  live and  here: 
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint? 
At the end of the day, I will trust the people to create a government that works for them, not Corporate America or Wall Street. 
We're glad that @HillaryClinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov. Snyder's resignation. 
Children in America should not be poisoned. The federal government must act. No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water. 
The governor of Michigan must resign, but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint. 
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Watch the  and join the conversation.  
A campaign is not about what you said yesterday. It is about what you have stood for your entire career.
I helped write the Affordable Care Act. It's done some great things, but we must do more. 50 million are still uninsured or underinsured.
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.

Maine, do you know where to caucus today for Bernie? Text ME to 82623 for your location!  
This is a sad day for America. Nancy Reagan had a good heart, and she will be dearly missed. 
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege.
America’s radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class. 

RT @CNN: ✅ Who: @HillaryClinton &amp; @BernieSanders
✅ What: CNN 
✅ When: Tonight at 8p ET
✅ Where: Live from Flint, MI
…
This campaign is not about me—it's about all of us. No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together.
We need your help today, Maine! When you caucus, report delegate counts from your location at 
RT @CNN: .@BernieSanders: My proposals "may be fantasy to the ruling class," but not to the working class  
 trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit, Flint: 
RT @ThisWeekABC: Live now: @BernieSanders joins @GStephanopoulos to discuss  election results.  …
Maine: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders comes to  ahead of tonight's  in Flint, Michigan.
We’ve got the momentum, the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
Thank you for the strong support, Nebraska! 
Thank you, Kansas! When we started this campaign, no one would have ever expected we’d win.  
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign. There are no excuses. 
It's time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare. 
I think if you're gonna get paid $225k for a speech it must be a good speech—Shakespearian. I can't wait to read it.

Tune in live to the Warren, Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon! 
 
RT @rbecker51: إعلان حملة "بيرني ساندرز" باللغة العربية في الإذاعة في ولاية ميشيجان باسم "فلنقف متضامنين معا" . صوتوا يوم الثلاثاء https://…
Vote or caucus for Bernie to say  or  today to keep the White House!  
ICYMI: Bernie leads Trump at 55 percent to 43 percent and is also leading both Cruz and Rubio by double digits. 
RT @WEWS: WATCH LIVE | @BernieSanders speaks in  |  
RT @TVNewsLady: Campaign promise: "I will speak about poverty often and forcibly if I'm elected," says @berniesanders at African American T…
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5,000 a year.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in KS, LA or NE today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry. I'm not afraid of them, not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America.
RT @abowersock: Phonebanking WINS elections. Will you join me?    
KS, LA and NE—You vote or caucus today! 
Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling or caucus location!  
Kansas, Louisiana and Nebraska—Today is your day. Go out and vote or caucus:  
When we talk about public education, it is not just 1st grade through 12th. We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs.
RT @MoveOn: !  for @BernieSanders TOMORROW    
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up. 
RT @rbecker51: .@BernieSanders campaign in  is honored to have the endorsement of the Arab American News! 
RT @WTKR3: Watch live now: @BernieSanders campaigns in Michigan.   
RT @kylieatwood: To 4,755 in MI @BernieSanders talks abt his YUGE crowds. Then: "I can't use that word anymore." Substitute: V large https:…
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now.
RT @RollingStone: Watch Graham Nash explain why "Bernie Sanders is one of us" in new video  
We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Congrats to @Raise_Up_WA for taking the first step to a $15/hr min. wage and paid leave.
RT @CNNSotu: Before he debates in  @BernieSanders will be on  this Sunday. Tune in at 9a and 12p ET. 
Today, 1 in 3 black males can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
RT @MoveOn: !  for @BernieSanders TOMORROW    
RT @BoldNebraska: .@BoldNebraska Online Poll ( Dems): @BernieSanders , @HillaryClinton   https://…
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
Louisiana, Kansas and Nebraska: it's your turn tomorrow! Make your voice heard.  
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society.
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need.  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Sanders campaign finds fodder with Clinton’s TV appearance in India on outsourcing  …
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people. 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard. 
Watch Bernie live in Edwardsville, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including college affordability.

Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the US by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman.
RT @jrosenbaum: Big crowd for @BernieSanders in Edwardsville: 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child.
Your work could mean the difference between winning or losing upcoming states for Bernie. 
RT @kartpath: After the haircut, @BernieSanders joins 4,200 of his friends for a rally in Lawrence! 
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families, not billionaires buying elections.
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change — real change — and that is what this campaign is about.
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls.  
In many states, it's legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender. We're gonna change that! 
Think big, not small. Ask yourself: do I have to leave college with 30, 40 or 50 thousand dollars in debt? 
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Lawrence, Kansas here:   
RT @Univision: ¿Qué le preguntarías a @BernieSanders? Compártenos tu pregunta aquí y prepárate para el  del 9 de marzo. https://t…
Not many people know it, but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960. What changed? Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs.
Change happens from the bottom up. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers.    
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he’s not worried because if elected she’ll flip back to support it. 
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders gets a haircut in Lawrence, KS; via @joshbhaskell 
You don’t create real public policy unless you listen to the science, and the science is clear: climate change is real.
As a society, we should never stigmatize women for breastfeeding in public. 
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner.
RT @janeosanders: 35 years ago today, Bernie was elected mayor by 10 votes. If 10 people hadn't shown that day, we might not be here today.…
Here is a radical idea. Let’s listen to the scientists, not the politicians.  
Politicians who deny climate change is real, despite an overwhelming scientific consensus, are morally bankrupt. 
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails. 
Bernie speaks to the overflow crowd at today's rally in Lincoln, Nebraska.  
RT @1011_News: The Lied Center is completely full. An anxious crowd waiting for Sen. Sanders. If you can't attend, watch it live: https://t…
RT @KPApower: Kansas People’s Action ‘Feels the Bern,’ Endorses Sanders for President

Organization's members say  …
43,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA. I opposed that bad deal, @HillaryClinton did not.
I know that Sec. Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big. I don’t think so.
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's free trade policies. 
If we are going to win this primary, we have to be ready to fight, organize, and win in the states ahead. Volunteer: 
Our trade policy must change. Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America, not in low-wage countries.
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs – jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class – now pay a poverty wage of $ an hour?
RT @jonathanoosting: .@BernieSanders knocking trade agreements he says were "written by corporations, for corporations" …
In 1960, the wealthiest city in America was Detroit. Today, it is the poorest big city.  
Happening now: press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan. Tune in live here: 
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation. We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about our huge banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance.
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up. 
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders speaking to a crowd of 10,000 supporters at Michigan State Univ. 
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury. It’s crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world.
Today, people living in Bucharest, Romania have access to much faster Internet than most of the US. That’s unacceptable and must change.
RT @rbecker51: .@BernieSanders Campaign Joins Battle to Save Jobs at Nabisco Plant  @CWALarry @ClemBalanoff @l4nguye…
I don’t believe in the agenda of the billionaire class. And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree. 
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
.@realDonaldTrump and I agree on something. He and I both want to run against the other. Guess who wins? 
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls. 
America’s 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined. 
RT @democracynow: Latino Vote Helps Bernie Sanders Surge to Victory in Colorado in Massive Dem Caucus Turnout  https…
We have the highest childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earth—you’re damn right I'm gonna talk about poverty. 
Watch our rally in Portland, Maine, live here:  
We want a nation where young black men and women can live without fear of being falsely arrested, beaten or killed.
RT @RaniaBatrice: "He has what I like to call heart, soul " @ninaturner on @BernieSanders at the NC Faith&amp;Justice lunch. https:…
It’s time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters. 
They have the money, but we have the people. In the end, I believe the people can win. Volunteer to help us win: 
Thank you 
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman’s constitutional right. 

"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
You win elections through a strong grassroots effort. Thank you, Oklahoma, Colorado, Minnesota and Vermont. 
Thank you to all of our volunteers and organizers who pulled it off in Minnesota. 
Welcome to the political revolution, Colorado! 
Thank you, Oklahoma!  
RT @UniPolitica: El candidato demócrata @BernieSanders reitera su objetivo de campaña: lograr una revolución política.  https:…
RT @wsbtv: LIVE: @BernieSanders - "We are going to end a corrupt campaign finance system!"   …
RT @CNNEE: 📺 @BernieSanders: En Estados Unidos vamos a acabar con las campañas corruptas —   
Your voice matters. Your vote matters. If you’re in line to vote, stay in line and practice democracy.
You still have time to get out and vote in  states! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information. 
RT @BenFolds: With Jerry Greenfield - Ben&amp;Jerry's (drum roll) Supporting Bernie in Vermont   …
Want real change? Vote for Bernie.  


Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Amplify the vote! Call Bernie voters in  states to help with the final shift of the day: 
RT @georgelopez: Para los mocosos que no creen en Bernie, he wants to make the US  again! But YOU NEED to get out and VOTE! https:/…
RT @TexasForBernie: Phonebanking is one of highest impact things you can do! Help us win :   https://t.…
By voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaires. 
RT @neiltyson: Who would Jesus vote for? To him walls, wealth, &amp; torture are non-starters, so probably the Jewish New Yorker from Vermont.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
RT @Dulce__Saenz: Coloradans support @BernieSanders. Get out and caucus for Bernie!    https:/…
America is about standing together. Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality. 

RT @coloradodems: Are you ready to caucus tonight? Make sure you're eligible and make a plan!   …
RT @ArabsForBernie: This website  will tell you everything you need to know about voting on  now go vot…
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, y VT—Hoy es tu día. Sal a votar. ¿Necesitas encontrar tu distrito electoral? 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on ? Use  or  and share this image! 
RT @icaito: El propósito de esta campaña es unir a la gente.

Por favor sal hoy a votar por @BernieSanders.  

…
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That's what this campaign is about. This is your movement. 
RT @jhutch1992: @BernieSanders is someone I believe in. Someone who speaks the truth and is ready to make a change. For our future. GO VOTE…
RT @TulsiGabbard: As we say in : no vote, no grumble. Your vote matters.   
RT @justinlong: He's only unelectable if you don't vote    
RT @350action: BREAKING: @HillaryClinton backtracks, would not impose fossil fuel moratorium on federal land on first day in office https:/…
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Please go vote today.  
RT @WorkingFamilies: Want @BernieSanders to be ? Go vote if you live in a  state!   …
Democrats win when voter turnout is high, when people come together and we reject division. Go vote.  
RT @nelly_beans: Just voted for @BernieSanders in ! Thanks @DemsAbroad 
RT @billmckibben: All I can say is, if you're voting with a hope of slowing global warming, . @BernieSanders has been the real …
RT @GRForSanders: Voted for @BernieSanders on ?

Let us know using ! Bernie's official tracking tool!

…
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, and VT—Today is your day. Go out and vote. Need to find your polling place? 
RT @GMA: "We will defeat [Trump], because we know that love trumps hatred." - @BernieSanders.   
RT @cascamike: .@BernieSanders is the best chance we have to keep a republican out of the white house: 
RT @joecaiazzo: Take a peak at this before you vote   
RT @GRForSanders: If you're in a  State and can give rides to the polls, head to your nearest Bernie 2016 office!

…
RT @BenJealous: Hey  Voters!  Vote 4 @BernieSanders! Why? Only Bernie Can Beat Trump!  
I hope you show up to the polls today and make your voice heard. We know that when we , anything is possible. 
RT @Morning_Joe: Happening now: @BernieSanders voting on  
Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future.
Not only will we beat @realDonaldTrump, we will beat him badly. Because we know love trumps hate.  
You crushed our goal of raising $40 million for the month. Help us reach $45 million.
 
RT @MoveOn: .@gabymhoffmann &amp; @benjaminokeefe hilariously call for an end to $ in politics &amp; pledge support for @BernieSanders.
…
RT @BostonGlobe: "No woman in America who gives  should be forced to go back to work in a week or two," Sanders says. Watch: https:…
Let me be clear: We don't have a super PAC, don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a people’s campaign. 
RT @KellySewRad: Bernie Sanders picks up Detroit endorsements     …
RT @jhutch1992: Bernie can do it. let's keep this revolution going everyone.  @BernieSanders donate to keep us going! https://t…
I'm not quite sure how you bring about real change in America if your super PAC collects millions from Wall St.  
RT @joecaiazzo: Massachusetts is feeling the Bern big time for@BernieSanders   
Wanna hear a radical idea? We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent.  
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton, MA. Tune in LIVE:
 
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
Midwest for Bernie: If you haven't liked our official Facebook page, go check it out right now:  
RT @4lifeHassan: Just gave $27 at  Donate &gt;$15 on   &amp; get this    …
RT @Indies4Bernie: Minnesota Vote to Win. 
Your vote for Bernie matters.
Every vote counts. 
I think if you’re gonna get paid $200,000 for a speech it must be a pretty damned good speech. I can’t wait to read it.
RT @Merrifield_SD11: Proud to support Bernie!  
My opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  

RT @Colleges4Bernie: If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat the GOP.   https:…
I'm not just asking for your vote. I'm asking for your support the day after the election.  
The truth is you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money. Donate:  

RT @ZooeyBuddy: We need a revolution in how healthcare is provided in this country. 



@Women4Bernie @B…
RT @Frances_Fisher: It's ! We need all hands on deck. ”  
Contribute before tonight's deadline to send a message to the billionaire class: You can't have it all.  
RT @abowersock: .@BernieSanders just made a personal call to action for -ers   …
RT @weslata:  VOTE BERNIE tomorrow on  
RT @Bernlennials: FACT: @BernieSanders is our best chance at beating the GOP in November   
Fighting for social justice is never easy. It is always a struggle. Join us:   
RT @GatorsEite23: America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  https://t…
Let us make history tomorrow.  

RT @Latinos4Bernie: Today is ! Know what to do tomorrow—find how to vote for  in your state:  htt…
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
Tomorrow, voters in 11 states will have the chance to vote for the Democratic nominee for President.  
RT @People4Bernie: The power of the people is stronger than the people in power.    https://…
RT @joecaiazzo: Getting geared up for the doors for @BernieSanders in western MA   
RT @IamNickGonzalez: RT &amp; Share!!
Contribute TODAY:  and Vote TOMORROW!    h…
RT @apocolipsefg: Just phone-banked for an hour and got two people to come out   
RT @feelthebernorg: "Facebanking" with  lets you contact people who like Bernie in Super Tuesday states. Use it on #…
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives.  

RT @BernieTampaBay: We can do it! Every dollar counts.  
 
We'll win because togetherness trumps divisiveness, community trumps selfishness and love trumps hate. 

RT @williamecurley: We need someone willing to stand up for what we need.  
RT @rbecker51: Who beats Trump, Rubio, Cruz? Only @BernieSanders does!   Sign-up &gt;  https://…
RT @SusanSarandon: To all the Super Tuesday states and territories, every vote counts! Take back your Democracy tomorrow.  …
Vote to win the White House.  
Great article by @ElizabethForMA. This is exactly what our campaign is talking about.

Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline before Super Tuesday. Chip in: 
Thank you @AlanGrayson for your endorsement!

RT @AlanGrayson: I hereby endorse @BernieSanders to be our Democratic nominee for President of the United States.  …
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All

Make a $ contribution and help us hit our goal of raising $40 million in February before tonight's FEC deadline. 
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's desire for real change in this country.
Tune in now to the @TJMShow for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.
On the road with my most trusted adviser @JaneOSanders.

Bernie Sanders can’t do this alone. We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement.  
Native Americans know that if you destroy nature you destroy life. That is what we’re doing globally and that has got to change. 
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders: "We can and must do much better for the native Americans in this country"  
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders takes the stage to a roar at @coloradostateu in Fort Collins. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying "enough is enough."
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you.

RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @BernieSanders on Clinton's speeches: If you get $200,000 for a speech, "must be a pretty damn good speech."
https:…
RT @joshfoxfilm: I officially endorse @BernieSanders for President! Calling all fractivists! Get out &amp; ! …
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail!
RT @BenFolds: Me in my younger  Wait, that's someone else!   - my FB post here:  …
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Bernie trumps the GOP. If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat Republicans. 
America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Help us win! 
RT @joecaiazzo: Phones and doors for @BernieSanders   
The  spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world. Yet we leave millions overlooked.
As a veteran of the Iraq War, Rep. @TulsiGabbard understands the cost of war. I am honored to have her endorsement.

RT @TulsiGabbard: I resigned from the DNC &amp; endorsed @BernieSanders to be our next President and Commander-in-Chief.  Here's why: https://t…
RT @meetthepress: EXCLUSIVE on : @TulsiGabbard resigned from position as DNC Vice Chair to support @BernieSanders. …
RT @meetthepress: BREAKING on : @TulsiGabbard just announced her resignation as DNC Vice Chair and endorsement of @BernieSanders …
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve.
RT @FaceTheNation: Sen @berniesanders will join us this morning on  to discuss last night's  and  upcoming . Tun…
It's time for this injustice to end.

I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters. This campaign is just beginning. 
"It is the public — not the candidate — who decides how much disclosure is enough."  
Do you know where to vote for Bernie today? Text SC to 82623 to find your polling location! 
RT @WPJohnWagner: The view from backstage at Bernie Sanders's rally in Grand Prairie, Texas 
Killer Mike wants you to go vote for Bernie right NOW. Polls are open to 7  Get out and vote! 

A strong showing today across South Carolina will shock the political establishment. Grab your friends and family and come out and vote.
RT @FaceTheNation: .@BernieSanders will be on  tomorrow following the . Don't miss it! 
RT @maryaliceparks: Official crowd count for @BernieSanders Austin Tx rally just over 10,000 people  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia,  office for the afternoon canvass launch.  
RT @KXAN_News: WATCH: @berniesanders to speak soon at @cota  
RT @laura_skelding:  crowd welcomes @BernieSanders to the stage @circuitamericas. @statesman 
South Carolina: we have come a long way here in the last nine months. I urge you to come out and vote today.

South Carolina — Need to look up your polling location to vote for Bernie?  
South Carolina — It’s your turn to vote for our political revolution. Polls are open from 7am to 7pm. 
RT @BET: .@BernieSanders says he voted for Jessie Jackson for President in 1988:  
RT @_Julio_Caesar: Amazing celebrity supporters along w/ great volunteers phone banking to the max in Colorado!   http…
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits. 

RT @MegKinnardAP: "Welcome to the political revolution. Thank you all." - @BernieSanders wraps it up for  
RT @RBReich: I endorse Bernie Sanders for president of the United States. He's leading a movement to reclaim America for the many, not the …
It's time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation leave.
What is going on in America? We should be hiring educators, not firing them! 
South Carolina, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Look up your polling location here:  
To the vast majority of the American people, democracy means one person, one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs.
RT @ReneeWPTZ: "I was there for the March on Washington w/Dr. Martin Luther King"-@BernieSanders talks voting equality to students @Claflin…
RT @kartpath: New @BernieSanders ad takes on fracking, and proposes putting people before polluters.

Tune in now to catch @NinaTurner's introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina!   
"I will certainly look into it."
21 days 19 hours 6 minutes

I have a radical idea: instead of having unfettered free trade, we should have fair trade protecting workers in the  and abroad.
Delaware — Today is the deadline to change your party affiliation to Democrat to vote for Bernie! Change yours here: 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 

RT @ErikaAndiola: ICYMI: Raúl Grijalva: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas - Univision  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's Barber Shop in Columbia,  to talk to voters. 
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president:

RT @business: Here's how Wal-Mart explains the difference between Clinton and Sanders  
When the people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
RT @kare11: WATCH LIVE: @SenSanders speaking soon in Hibbing.  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs. 
Last night, @KillerMike joined students in SC to phone bank voters. Today, we'll be at Claflin University. Join us! 
RT @ErinBrockovich: This is why I respect @BernieSanders - he's not just talking he's demanding specific action  …
I have a 98% pro-union voting record. I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement.
Since 2001, bad trade policies caused 60,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Sanders unloads on Clinton during raucous speech in Chicago 
This great university is being threatened with cuts. What is going on in America? Where are our priorities?

RT @RollingStone: "It's refreshing to have a candidate who speaks his mind, who makes sense." -Michael Stipe on Bernie Sanders …
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children. 
"We need politicians who will stand with Indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands."

Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton? 

NYT agrees: @HillaryClinton should release her Wall Street transcripts. Day 20 since she said "I will look into it." 
Join rapper and activist @KillerMike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg. 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. They're overworked, underpaid, and under enormous stress.
All immigrants, including undocumented workers and their families, should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act.
RT @MegKinnardAP: One of the many  residents explaining to @BernieSanders concerns about water use, how it's being tested. https://t.…
Bernie is in Flint, Michigan, right now participating in a community forum. Watch live here: 
RT @MegKinnardAP: After several large rallies, more intimate setting for @BernieSanders  forum on water crisis, infrastructure https:…
What welfare reform did, in my view, was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country.

Let us be clear: the campaign finance system in the  is corrupt, it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed.
RT @MegKinnardAP: Ohio doesn't vote until March 15. This @BernieSanders crowd in Cuyahoga County sounds ready to rock right now. https://t.…
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders campaigns in Berea, Ohio – LIVE at 10:30am ET online here:   …
RT @billmckibben: The new list of environmentalists for @BernieSanders  good list. People who've been in the trenches …
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable.
RT @ChadLivengood: .@BernieSanders headed to Flint today for community forum on   via @detroitnews
RT @DREAMerJ_D: Great day knocking doors in Dallas &amp; talking w/ latin@s |  Bernie's message is resonating  is  https://t.…
Woody Guthrie is one of the greatest musicians in history. His songs spoke to the reality of working-class life.

RT @mcbyrne:  text SC to 82623 to find your polling location information.  
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren. 
RT @OKCFOX: Former State Senator @ConnieJ4OK now speaking ahead of Sanders in Tulsa:  
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders discovers the Woody Guthrie Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up. Another candidate does not agree.
I do not have a super pac. One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street. One of us does not.
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from @LCVoters. We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change.

RT @hardball: It's back! The  returns tomorrow w/ @BernieSanders live from the Univ. of Chicago  https://t.…
Washington is too busy representing the interests of wealthy campaign contributors to worry about the middle class. 
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is nothing we can't accomplish. 
We need to invest in jobs and job training, rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people.
Excited to be in Kansas City, Missouri to discuss a wide range of issues important to Missourians. Watch live here:

It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.
Vermont, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit  to register ​online by 5PM tonight.
Just a reminder. 
RT @janeosanders: We've been conditioned to believe we have to accept incremental change when what we need is transformative change.
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL. I won't leave 29 million behind.
How we will end childhood poverty in America today? By standing together. As one nation. As a united nation. 
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina. This is wrong and we're gonna change that.
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country on earth.
When we guarantee health care as a right, you take a huge bite out of poverty.
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people. 

RT @evanmcmurry: .@BernieSanders: "I'm a United States senator. I don't hear the word poverty talked about terribly much at all." https://t…
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color.
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders' campaign manager: "His political life began in the civil rights movement"  https:/…
RT @schneidmaster: Just used  to find how to vote absentee in Illinois since I'll be out of town for the primary. It…
RT @VibeMagazine: .@SpikeLee endorses @BernieSanders, believes he will :  
RT @ErikaAndiola: Legisladores y residentes de Colorado en apoyo a @BernieSanders 
RT @TheDemocrats: This is what Democrats believe.  
.@HillaryClinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches. Aren’t we better than that?
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders says he respects Clinton: "In the midst of a campaign crazy things happen, but that's the truth." https://…
RT @postandcourier: "It is too late in my view for establishment politics, establishment economics," says @BernieSanders.  …
¿Qué tipo de país quieres tener?  ¿Estás listo para luchar por él? 
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very, very much. 
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors, over 1,000,000 of them, 27 bucks a piece. That's who I'm indebted to. Not Wall Street.
RT @cascamike: " say vote for me and together when millions of us stand up we can make real change in this country.” — @BernieSanders
Instead of cutting programs for seniors, children and veterans, we are gonna demand large corporations and the wealthy pay their fair share.
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
"My father is from Poland. No one has asked for my birth certificate. Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin." 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform. 
RT @cnnbrk: .@BernieSanders is up first in . Watch CNNgo:  
RT @janeosanders: The arts are essential to our development as human beings and are essential for healthy living.  https://t…
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle: Real change never comes from the top on down. It always comes from the bottom up.
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans, regardless of income.

We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us. 
Join Jane Sanders in Columbia, South Carolina for a conversation on education today. 

We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the promise of equality.

RT @cascamike: raised from small dollar fundraising:

secretary clinton:  percent

sen. sanders:  percent
"When Bernie gets to the White House, he will do the right thing. No flipping, no flopping." - @SpikeLee 

Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country. 
RT @shiftmsnbc: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds campaign rally in Norfolk, Virginia  
.@MrDannyGlover has used his celebrity status in the fight for racial economic justice and I thank him for that. 

"I will certainly look into it." - @HillaryClinton 

Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors.
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.
If you want a candidate who is going to defeat Donald Trump, you’re looking at him. 

RT @Sam_Frizell: Spike Lee endorses @BernieSanders in South Carolina radio ad. "Bernie takes no money from corporations. Nada!" …
"The more people get to know Bernie, what he stands for and his consistency, the more people support him."

RT @BostonGlobe: "Every person in this room has enormous power," Sanders says at UMass Amherst. Watch live: 
RT @BostonGlobe: Watch live: Bernie Sanders holds rally at UMass Amherst  
RT @SusanSarandon: Our Home | "I believe in @BernieSanders because he believes in us." 
RT @alisonkingNECN: Big crowd at @UMass Amherst for @BernieSanders  About 7,000 or more. 
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all.
RT @lesleyclark: I wish I could knock on every door, Danny Glover says, firing up SC voters for @BernieSanders 
New analysis from @WCVI: Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada. 
RT @CBSNLive: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds press conference in Boston  
RT @alisonkingNECN: .@BernieSanders says he's delighted @HillaryClinton has adopted more and more of his positions/language. …
It's been 17 days, 16 hours and 32 minutes since @HillaryClinton said she would "look into" releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street.
This campaign is about bringing people together. We understand that when we stand together, there is nothing we can't accomplish.
RT @BenJealous: @BernieSanders is a movement builder! Lets build the movement!   
RT @maryaliceparks: .@BernieSanders campaigning in SC with actor Danny Glover. Watch live -  
RT @AneesaSM: HAPPENING NOW: @BernieSanders makes a stop at the Sumter SC prayer breakfast with @mrdannyglover 
There would be nothing that would give me greater pleasure than beating @realDonaldTrump.

Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors. 
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville, volunteers kept calls going strong. Join us:
 
If you want a candidate who’s going to defeat Donald Trump, you’re looking at him.  
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. 
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins. 
Racism, sexism, and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about. 
RT @nancycordes: In Greenville SC, Danny Glover warms up crowd for @BernieSanders: "we make our history right here in this moment!" https:/…
RT @KThomasDC: .@BernieSanders in Greenville: "On Saturday, South Carolina has the opportunity to make American history." …
RT @mcbyrne: .@BenJealous "They come out of college indentured servants"  
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders Campaign Rally in Greenville, SC - LIVE AT 5pm ET on C-SPAN   …
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders makes a surprise visit to a Sunday church supper in South Carolina  …
Thank you Rev. Charles Jackson and your congregation for the warm welcome today.

My message to you today is straightforward: If elected president, I will rein in Wall Street so they can’t crash our economy again.
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities.
RT @DemsAbroad: Senator Sanders states that he supports the Safe Country Safe Harbor proposal to reform . 
RT @DemsAbroad: A big thank you, and warm welcome, to @BernieSanders for joining our .
RT @maryaliceparks: Ben Jealous introduces @BernieSanders tells room they should dream big 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes. Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions.
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide.
RT @meetthepress: "She will be outspending  because of her Super PAC" @BernieSanders says on Clinton 
We need to solve problems like immigration in America, not use these issues to promote division and hostility.
RT @ACarmona8: What we learned today is Hillary Clinton's firewall with Latino voters is a myth. 
RT @CBSPolitics: JUST IN: @BernieSanders currently leading @HillaryClinton among Hispanics:   https://t…
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders "We are bringing working people and young people into the political process"  https…
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders  Night Speech - LIVE on C-SPAN  
Proud that we brought many working and young people into the political process. We have the wind at our back as we head into Super Tuesday.
I am very proud of the campaign we ran. Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election.
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward.
RT @CBSNLive: Ent. polls: 79% of voters in  think @BernieSanders "cares about people like me"  https://…
Si estás en la línea del caucus, ¡NO TE VAYAS! No necesitas ID para registrarte. ¿Cualquier pregunta? Llama al 702-778-4336 
RT @nvdems: In line for ? Stay in line and make your voice heard! 
RT @RaniaBatrice: Amazing turnout and lots of excited folks at Wester High School ready to caucus for Bernie! 
RT @SusanSarandon: It's time Nevada, let's do this!    
If you're in line to caucus, DO NOT LEAVE! You don't need ID to caucus or to register to vote. Any issues? Call 702-778-4336.
Tens of thousands of fellow Bernie supporters are on their way to the caucus. Get to your caucus location now. 
Nevada, you've got just enough time to head out and caucus for Bernie. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your caucus location and head over now.
This campaign isn’t about me. This campaign is about US. Nevada, go caucus today at 11am.  
Look up your caucus location here:  
Together, we can send a message that will echo from Wall Street to Washington, from Maine to California. Go caucus. 
Questions or issues about caucusing today? Call our hotline:  
RT @nvdems: If you care about: 

The environment 🌎
Our schools 📚
Young Nevadans🚸 

You need to caucus today! Here's how: …
Nevada: today we caucus. Get to your caucus location by 11am. If there is a large voter turnout, we can win. Join history in the making.
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve.
Nevada, please help us move the political revolution forward! 

RT @NicoleCharky: When @BernieSanders says he wants to  to $15     …
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people. They want real change! 
Nevada, I have a feeling that we are going to make a little bit of history tomorrow! 
Tune in live to Bernie speaking at the Henderson rally before tomorrow's caucus in Nevada: 
RT @chicagotribune: Campaign confirms photo of man arrested at 1963 protest on South Side is Bernie Sanders  https:/…
RT @cspan: .@BernieSanders Campaign Rally in Henderson, NV – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN   …
RT @PatrickWalker: Supporters @LucyFlores and Heidi Swank just wrapped up speeches here at @berniesanders' rally  Politics https://…
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American – on time and without delay.
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans, but Social Security was right there with full benefits.
RT @Morning_Joe: Joining us  Jane Sanders, wife of @BernieSanders  
Today, 85% of working men and 66% of working women work more than 40 hours a week. 
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society. 
We must rewrite bad trade agreements like NAFTA. They have been a disaster for the American worker.

RT @ErikaAndiola: Message of Bernie Sanders's New Ad: The Housing Crisis Isn't Over  via @WSJ
ICYMI: "The Clintons, when they were in office, weren’t exactly friends to immigrants." 

Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can't accomplish. 
RT @BSandersBrigade: America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  ht…
Nevada, Bernie can't do this alone. Caucus tomorrow at 11AM.  
Wondering if you're eligible to caucus in Nevada? Help us win Nevada!  
Find your caucus location by texting CAUCUS to 82623!  
RT @ErikaAndiola: 200 Dreamers who were brought by their undocumented parents, converged on Sanders' East Las Vegas office to canvass. http…
RT @Bernlennials: Nicholas want a candidate with the best racial justice platform. How about you?  
Nevada, Look up your caucus location here:   
Welcome to the political revolution. 
Questions or issues? Call our hotline:  
It's time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing. 
Khi ta nói không với sự thù hằn và kì thị chủng tộc, Mỹ sẽ trở nên hùng mạnh và đoàn kết hơn.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough. 
RT @josefmtz: Para todos todo, para nosotros nada.  
RT @jaytheking: Nevada, every vote counts. Take back your Democracy on Saturday.   
RT @People4Bernie: This election isn't about @'s about bringing  and increasing engagement in democracy htt…
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
当我们站在一起，反对种族歧视，仇恨，和偏执，美国将更伟大.  
Nevada, commit to caucus for Bernie:  
RT @funkinatrix: Bernie has said it since day one: He can’t do this alone. This is our movement.   
أمريكا يصبح  أحسن وطن عندما نحن نقف معاً ونقول لا الى العنصرية والكراهية والتعصب الأعمى   
RT @Aled: Honoured to work with @BernieSanders campaign on these translations of my poster.  
जब हम साथ मिलकर जातिवाद, नफरत और कट्टर्ता से इनकार करते हैं, अमेरिका एक बेहतर राष्ट्र बन जाता है। 
RT @pikittakbo: Mas dakila ang Amerika kung tayo’y magkakaisang lalaban sa pagka-mapanlahi, poot, at inhustisya. 
Estados Unidos es un mejor país cuando juntos le decimos NO al racismo, al odio, y la intolerancia.  
RT @RI4Bernie: I believe we must stand together to address the real issues, and not allow them to divide us by race or where we come from. …
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders meets with Nevada voters  
Before Social Security was signed into law, nearly half of our senior citizens lived in poverty.
RT @MoveOn:  is soon!  &amp; make calls 4 @BernieSanders by clicking here:   …
People of color are incarcerated, policed and sentenced to death at significantly higher rates than their white counterparts.
Under my health care plan, people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food, heat and shelter.
Nevada, do you know where your caucus location is? Find it easily here: 
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract! 
This is what a paid @BernieSanders speech looks like:

Don't worry. The $500 payout was given to charity.

"We have to send a clear message, just because your child gets across the border, that doesn't mean the child gets to stay." - HRC, 2014
Flashback: Hillary Clinton: Unaccompanied Minors 'Should Be Sent Back' 
RT @CitizenCohn: .@BernieSanders says scary stories of wait times abroad are mostly myth. He's right. Here's primary care  (1/3) https:/…
RT @ErikaAndiola: Really @HillaryClinton? It's ok to oppose licenses for our undocumented people because you support CIR?? That's exactly t…
Glad to hear @HillaryClinton's promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin.
29 million Americans don’t have health insurance.

31 million are underinsured.

That’s rationing. Those are wait times.


RT @AARPadvocates: .@BernieSanders: When I talk about democratic socialism, I am talking about Social Security. 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:
✅ Social Security
✅ Minimum Wage
✅ Medicare and Medicaid
✅ 40-hour work week

I've talked to too many young Latin@s scared that tomorrow their mom or dad may be deported. We must unite, not divide families.
RT @meetthepress: WATCH from tonight's : 'Do away with mandatory minimum sentences'  
Every child in America, regardless of their family's income, must be able to get the education they deserve. It's not a radical idea.
"Today in 2016, in many respects, a college degree is the equivalent of what a high school degree was 50 years ago." 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders: Instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires … put money into the hands of working people. 
We have gotta rewrite bad trade agreements like the TPP and NAFTA which displace millions of people.  
RT @JohnFetterman: .@BernieSanders rightfully points out the pay gap for women, and how it gets worse for women of color. 
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers.  
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements. 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for @HillaryClinton to do the same.
"It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty." 
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers. The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard.
"This country owes Senator Harry Reid a debt of gratitude." 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders on government surveillance: I am very fearful about Big Brother  
Clinton Electability Faces Scrutiny:  via Mark Gersh
Nevada, do you know how you are getting to the Caucus on Saturday? let us know if you need a ride: 
"Si uno toma dinero de los poderosos acabará teniendo que devolver el favor." - Rogelio Llamas, Nevada

I voted against the war in Iraq. I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East.
RT @pussyrrriot: People can sense the truth when they get to hear it.

¡Viva los revolucionarios! ¡Viva Bernie! 

 …
Nevada, do you know what time you need to be there on Saturday, Feb 20? That one is easy: plan to be there at 11am. 

"democracy is essentially a pro-active citizenry demanding public servants represent just causes." -@MrDannyGlover

We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right, not a privilege.
Businesses would save over $9,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan.
Powered by folks like you all across NV, we'll show that the people, standing united, shouldn't be underestimated. 

Nuestro compromiso debe ser siempre defender a las familias trabajadoras, no premiar a los bancos de Wall Street.

With the Nevada caucus on Saturday, I want to know what your plan is to get there and make your voice heard. 
RT @LVBurke: Civil Rights Ldrs mtg w @BernieSanders just started after opening statements by all @MARCMORIAL @rolandsmartin …
Inequality Will Not Go Away On Its Own. Here’s How to Close the Gap. via @thenation 
RT @scdp: New @ChairChats w/ @BenJealous on his time with the @NAACP &amp; his support for @BernieSanders  …
RT @NBCLatino: .@BernieSanders' :  strongly supporting 'El Bernie' by @SuzGamboa 
 …
RT @Yamiche: .@BernieSanders in DC meeting with leaders of several civil rights organizations this morning. 
RT @FernandoPeinado: Cuando @BernieSanders habla del "fraude" de Wall Street muchos asienten en Nevada  …
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
RT @dsamuelsohn: Inside the @BernieSanders app factory w/ his army of coders @politico 
The political revolution continues in Nevada, but we can’t do it without you. If we show up on caucus day, we can win—it’s that simple.
RT @Residente: Todos los latinoamericanos que viven en Estados Unidos y defienden las leyes en favor de los inmigrantes deberían votar por …
RT @josefmtz: Bienvenido @marcoregil a Las Vegas. Ya está haciendo llamadas para apoyar a @BernieSanders.  …
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store: 

RT @OBEYGIANT:  shirts avail. NOW!     @BernieSanders …
Nevada, participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus:  
Ben Cohen stopped by three of our SC offices today to talk about ending Citizens United. Here he is in Greenville. 
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy.  
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty in this country. 
The Red Hot @ChiliPeppers have a message for 

If there is a high turnout on Saturday, I think we can win. I urge you all: come out with your family and caucus. 
RT @LCAgingOrgs: "We pay much much more than any other country for prescription  are cutting pills in half." -@BernieSanders…
RT @LCAgingOrgs: "If you lift the cap, you can extend the solvency of # expand benefits." - @BernieSanders …
Too often, issues pertaining to seniors don't get enough discussion so I am glad we are having this event. 
I'll be speaking soon about Social Security, high drug prices and  Medicare at . Watch LIVE here: 
Missouri's voter registration deadline is today, and it's an OPEN primary! Visit  for details.
Your volunteer shifts are working and we are almost there. Sign up for as many phone bank shifts as you can: 
People in American jails are disproportionately people of color. That’s the reality in America today. That’s a reality that has to change.
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the  and global economy.
I believe when we stand together, when we share the vision that government should work for all of us, there is nothing we can't accomplish.
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That is what this campaign is about. That is the political revolution.
RT @BenJealous: Bernie has heeded Dr. King's advice: a genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus …
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
I ask you to join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top. 
RT @Jeremy11alive: Feel the Bern: on stage now, @berniesanders at @Morehouse  
RT @11AliveNews: WATCH LIVE: @KillerMike introduces @BernieSanders at :  
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
RT @Jeremy11alive: How @Morehouse welcomes @BernieSanders VIDEO: 
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty -  the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth.
When voter turnout is high, Democrats and progressives win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win.
Learn what you need to know to caucus for Bernie in Nevada! Then commit to caucus here: 

Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process. 
RT @DSladeNews: Crowd on their feet applauding Bernie Sanders for saying no to super pacs and Wall Street money 
RT @JustinBamberg: Yet another packed house. @BernieSanders addressed the crowd in Charleston, SC.  
✊🏽🇺🇸✊🏽🔥🔥 …
"Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color." - South Carolina Rep. Wendell Gilliard 
RT @maryaliceparks: Eric Garner's daughter Erica joins @BernieSanders in SC 
We have today a corrupt campaign finance system which is undermining American democracy. 

Illinois' registration deadline is today, but the state also has grace-period in select locations. Visit  for info!
RT @kenclarkforaz: I've endorsed @SenSanders because I see his willingness to speak truth to power.  …
RT @WPJohnWagner: ‘Single-issue’ candidate Bernie Sanders touches on 20 issues during a Michigan campaign stop 
RT @WLOS_13: WATCH  Bernie Sanders speaks at a town hall in Columbia, SC.  
Florida and Ohio, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary. Visit  to register now!
RT @Morehouse: Feel the Bern HBCU Tour stops  @Morehouse  -  
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children.

With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks, we’ll need to be ready. Sign up for a volunteer shift: 
RT @4029Pedro: .@BernieSanders supporters are gathering early outside the Crawford County Courthouse for today's early voting! …
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders describes his meeting with families in Flint at a massive rally in Michigan 
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
RT @WPJohnWagner: In Nevada, a tightening race threatens Clinton’s post-New Hampshire ‘firewall,’ w/ @daveweigel 
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together. Join us: 
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States.
The Constitution is very clear: @POTUS has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices. Let's have a hearing and a vote.
Excited to be visiting South Carolina tomorrow starting with a Town Hall with @JustinBamberg in the morning. 
Proud to have the support of Peace Action. 

RT @ChadLivengood: .@BernieSanders being introduced by another Bernie: UAW Local 600 President Bernie Ricke. 
Paid family and medical leave, health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth.
RT @JustinBamberg: Columbia, SC. Tuesday at Allen University. Pull up.  
South Carolina, please join me with Representative Gilliard for a town hall in Charleston tomorrow afternoon: 
RT @Wej12:  @BernieSanders draws big crowd at Eastern Michigan.    via @bfp_news …
RT @nytimes: The battle for the Democratic nomination in Nevada is largely being waged by young Latinos  …
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high. When people come together and we reject division. Register to vote: 
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
Join me in Atlanta tomorrow for a rally with @ninaturner, @KillerMike, @JustinBamberg and @MrDannyGlover! RSVP here: 
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big. When the people lead, the leaders follow. 
Alabama, today is the last day for you to register to vote. Visit  to register today and help us win!
RT @detroitnews: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders is speaking live at @EMU_Swoop  
RT @nowthisnews: .@BernieSanders ripped into Republicans for their continued denial of climate change

RT @kelcollison: This is what it looks like when Bernie gives 48 hour notice that he's coming to Michigan!  …
Civil rights icon and entertainer @HarryBelafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America.

RT @Frances_Fisher: How @BernieSanders pays for his proposals.   
We do not represent the interests of Wall Street or the billionaire class. We don't want their money. This is a people's campaign.
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in  history at this point in a campaign.
You can have a different point of view on immigration or anything else, but we cannot be attacking people because of their religion.
RT @TheAtlantic: The pragmatic case for Bernie Sanders  
I am glad to see the Colorado Springs @PPRockyMountain health center reopen today.   
Next time you hear a politician talking about “family values,” ask yourself if they support measures which really help working families.
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice!
We have the momentum here in Nevada but I need your help. This is it. Sign up for a volunteer shift right now: 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.
Thank you Dr. Fowler and your congregation for the warm welcome today at service. 
Happy Valentine's Day from Nevada! 
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation. I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail.
RT @MoveOn:  and make phone calls 4 @BernieSanders!    
Our campaign is funded by the people, others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest.
RT @jgillanNews3LV: Says Lucy Flores: I believe now we need a political revolution. @BernieSanders @News3LV 
RT @joshbhaskell: Just met  month old Oliver Jack Carter Lomas @BernieSanders Las Vegas rally. His mom says he's a  https://t…
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us. That doesn't solve problems, it makes them worse. 

Here in NV we send a strong message to the country: we will not stand for establishment politics. 
RT @shiftmsnbc: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders holds rally in Las Vegas  
RT @AnneClaireCNN: Crowd waits for @BernieSanders at Bonanza HS in Vegas. Chants of "Feel the Bern" ripple across the gym …
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group. 
RT @jgillanNews3LV: On the @BernieSanders beat today. Lots of people at Bonanza feelin' the Bern. @News3LV 
America is about standing together as one people, not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality.
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did, and lied about it to protect their bottom line.
RT @FaceTheNation: "The momentum is with us, and we're going to do quite well in South Carolina,"  @BernieSanders tells @jdickerson
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
RT @ErinBrockovich: I've joined @BernieSanders in a call to save our water system -  THIS IS A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY …
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders hopes Pres. Obama nominates replacement for Scalia "as soon as possible"  https://t…
RT @FaceTheNation: Senator @BernieSanders will be on  this morning. Don't miss it!
RT @MSNBC: .@TheRevAl interviewed @BernieSanders on @PoliticsNation. Here's what Sanders said about the . …
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Coming up on @FoxNewsSunday: Democratic Presidential Candidate @BernieSanders  
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders: "We need healthcare in the United States for all people." Tune in to @MSNBC to watch @TheRevAl's interview.
RT @cascamike: .@ErinBrockovich and @BernieSanders in today’s @freep:  just one example of need to upgrade water supply …
As President, I will make public colleges and universities free, and we’re going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation.
RT @coloradodems: Listening the @BernieSanders at the !  
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry.
GOTV for our campaign in Nevada is under way. I need your help. Sign up for a shift:
 
RT @greenpeaceusa: .@BernieSanders has signed the pledge to . We urge @HillaryClinton to sign too  http…
RT @flobots: Nice to meet you @berniesanders 
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution. 

$15 and a union - a phrase that won't be heard at tonight’s . That’s why we organize. 
RT @People4Bernie: We're not gonna be divided,we're gonna stand together &amp;we're gonna create a nation we know we can be  htt…
This looks to me like a group of people who are prepared to make a political revolution.  
RT @Chicago4Bernie: "I have been criticized for thinking too boldly, too big. 'We have to think small' they say" Crow loudly disagrees …
True freedom does not occur without economic security.  
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Part of the crowd in downtown Denver awaiting the arrival of Bernie Sanders. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing. 
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle." - MLK

Flashback: Sanders Endorses Jesse Jackson for President in ‘88

RT @AneesaSM: HAPPENING NOW: @es_snipes is back in SC to fire up our Charleston team before they canvass!  …
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty.
Watch Erica Garner's powerful endorsement of our campaign:

RT @LucyFlores: @SuVotoEsSuVoz Latino Vote Summit w/ @RepGrijalvaCS speaking on behalf of @BernieSanders   …
This is it. I need you now to make this political revolution a reality. Volunteer for as many shifts as you can. 
Tune in  live here: 
The  pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs; 1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions.
RT @coloradodems: If you can't join us at the  tonight with @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders tune in live! …
RT @KatrinaNation: Lawrence Korb/ How Bernie Sanders Is a Realist &amp; More Serious on Foreign Policy Than You Think 
RT @PeaceAction: "5 Top Reasons Why Bernie Sanders Would Be Best President for " @commondreams  …
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage. 
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden, this country has come a long way economically. 
RT @dhmontgomery: Sanders: "progressives and Democrats win when voter turnout is high. Our job is to create a high voter turnout. "
RT @dhmontgomery: Sanders: "I want to thank the Democrats of Minnesota for making sure that Paul's work and more importantly his vision is …
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt.
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. 

It's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message."
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for @HillaryClinton to do the same.
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton’s Immigration Comments 
RT @UniNoticias: .@BernieSanders critica el programa migratorio que otorga poderes especiales a las policías locales. …
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers.
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows.
RT @UniPolitica: .@BernieSanders rechazó las recientes redadas de deportación en el . 
RT @MoveOn: Musical legend @harrybelafonte endorses @BernieSanders! WATCH:    …
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders criticizes @HillaryClinton for her closeness with former Sec. of State Henry Kissinger.  https:/…
"I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend, and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy." 
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense, which is the one major agency that has refused an audit. 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians. 

A people-powered campaign:
✅  contributions
✅ More than 1M donors
✅ Average contribution &lt; $30
  
About 85 percent of @HillaryClinton's campaign money has come from large donors. 
We don’t use children to “send a message."
Fact check on @HillaryClinton: "They should be sent back…"

It is appalling that @HillaryClinton insisted that minors be shipped back to their country of origin like a package marked return to sender.
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up. 
RT @ErikaAndiola: "When we have more people in jail, mostly Black and Latino, we know we need to invest in education, not incarceration." -…
We need radical, not incremental, reforms in our criminal justice system. 
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. That is an unspeakable tragedy. 
Young people in this country know exactly what they're doing. They know we need big change, not just small steps. 
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals. Hint: it's on this site:  
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people: the United States. 
The truth: 29 million Americans have no health insurance, 31 million are uninsured. Only one candidate has a plan to change that. 
We need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have got to be bold. 
Tune in tonight to the PBS . Watch at 9pm ET on PBS or CNN or stream online here:  
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism.
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans. That is going to change.
In the industrialized world, the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty. That's outrageous.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Entertainer Harry Belafonte makes his endorsement of Bernie Sanders official with a video 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Please help us win: 
Banking should help our communities, not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy.

No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.
RT @BenJealous: Why more and more of us are supporting @BernieSanders every day!    via msnbc
RT @colbertlateshow: Tonight! Turns out the Ed Sullivan Theater is on the road from New Hampshire to South Carolina. 
…
"We set a goal of raising $6 million today and you already crushed that goal. Let's try $7 million." - Jeff Weaver 
I am moved by the fact that our campaign’s financial support comes from more than  million individual contributions at an average of $27.
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@ScottPelley talks with @BernieSanders in Brooklyn about what’s ahead in South Carolina:  https…
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@BernieSanders grew up in Brooklyn, a son of Jewish immigrants, in a home of modest means. @ScottPelley has  ht…
RT @ScottPelley: Just interviewed @BernieSanders in Brooklyn where he grew up for tonight's @CBSEveningNews.  …
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities. We need to raise the minimum wage.
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college.
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family, and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around.
“I’m going to hold a fundraiser right here, right now, across America." - Last night, NH 


As President, let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will.
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money, but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes.
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 

Happening now: Bernie on @TheView on ABC. Tune in!
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country. The people want real change.
RT @TheView: TODAY: @BernieSanders joins our co-hosts LIVE for an exclusive interview after his  win.  …
Never forget: When voter turnout is high, Democrats win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win.
What we confirmed tonight is that we're building the political revolution our nation needs. This is your movement. 
The media says we’re going to win but we can't take anything for granted. Please, stay in line and practice democracy. Every vote matters.
When we stand together, we win. Thank you, New Hampshire! 
Not sure where to vote? That's OK! You still have time. Lookup your polling location at  
Have any questions or issues with voting in today's ? Call our hotline: 
When that happens, they will say it all started tonight in New Hampshire. Go out and say  in the . 
We’ve leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections.  
There is no bank that is too big to fail, no banker too powerful to jail.  
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change.  
Health care is recognized as a right for every man, woman, and child.  
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt.  
I want you to imagine eight years from now: The minimum wage is a living wage.  
RT @NationalNurses: RN Patty Healey breaks down all the reasons she's canvassing for @BernieSanders today in NH.   ht…
New Hampshire, by voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class. 
Today, the eyes of the entire country are on New Hampshire. Bring your friends and go vote in the !

Voting for Bernie in the ? Use  and share this image! 
RT @kartpath: Its Primary Day, so @BernieSanders made a surprise stop at a polling place in Concord! 
Thank you to all of our volunteers currently getting out the vote in the Granite State.  
RT @TheView: TOMORROW: Get ready to  when Senator @BernieSanders hits the Hot Topics table LIVE. 
RT @rbecker51: .@BernieSanders supporters from Florida just delivered a truckload of water to our Flint, MI HQ  …
RT @CWAUnion: Go @BernieSanders, Go! @CWAUnion and union allies are working hard for you in the !  
"I'm Ben. And, I'm Jerry. I'm a person. And I'm a person.  Ben &amp; Jerry's, not a person. 

Go out and vote today!"

Questions or issues voting in the New Hampshire Primary today? Call our Hotline: 
Need to look up your polling location?
 
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald’s must work when they are sick just because they can’t afford to stay home.
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary! 
New Hampshire, if turnout is high today, I believe we will win. I urge you to come out and vote today. Thank you.
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch. First votes cast in the .
RT @Laura_GomezRod: Líderes de  respaldan a @BernieSanders y su revolución política:   https://t…
We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
Thank you IBEW Local 357 for your support. 

This is a people's campaign. 
RT @anitakumar01: .@BernieSanders takes the stage for his final rally before  
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. 
Woah! Big turnout for our  rally at @UofNH! 
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. 
RT @jaketapper: Fmr. NAACP CEO makes tough critique of Clinton record  - @BenJealous on 
RT @emrata:   
RT @mcbyrne: Thanks @EdwardSharpe the Magnetic Zeroes for supporting @BernieSanders  
We must increase the min. wage to $15, which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos.  
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods

RT @Bernlennials: We will only defeat establishment politics and transform establishment economics when we .  https://…
RT @TexasForBernie: "The Billionaire class has never dealt w a threat like ours. I'm sure if  WE WILL WIN"  ht…
RT @emrata: 💕 I'm happy to b in NH w/ @berniesanders &amp; to speak at the rally tonight! I will be on approx 5:50  …
RT @Dulce__Saenz: Si el medio ambiente fuera un banco, desde cuando que lo hubieran salvado.  @marrtasilva @ProtegeteCO
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives. 
Are you ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! 
RT @DREAMerJ_D: Debemos mantener a las familias unidas y acabar con las deportaciones masivas. 
RT @MoveOn: We're just getting started.      
If there is a high turnout tomorrow, I think we are going to win. I urge you all: come out and vote. 

Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une. Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones. 
RT @Latinos4Bernie: Ready to ? It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet!
👉 https…
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
RT @WorkingFamilies: Look who surprised  vols in Concord, NH! @BernieSanders  
New Hampshire: Come out and vote tomorrow. Let's transform America.  
RT @williamecurley: We have an obligation to take care of the people who fight for us.  
RT @Brotherlab: Stand together to address the real issues, and not allow them to divide us by gender or race.  …
RT @ErikaAndiola: Tenemos que ver a los DREAMers como lo que son: chicos estadounidenses que merecen permanecer en el país que es su hogar.…
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer. El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo. 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together.  
New Hampshire: tomorrow you have a chance to . Commit to vote for Bernie:  
RT @Women4Bernie: "We must stand with our sister &amp; demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work"   http…
RT @HidalgoSanders: America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  https:…
When we stand together, we win. 

RT @BerniesBerners:  will lead us on our path toward the . Because together we can!  https://…
To those who want to divide us up: We’re not gonna hate Latinos. We’re not gonna hate Muslims. We are going to stand TOGETHER. 
Our job is not to divide. Our job is to bring people together.  
RT @People4Bernie: We've marched in the streets, now to  it's time to  
RT @IL9CD4Bernie: Debemos unirnos y combatir los problemas que afectan a nuestro país, y no dejar que nos dividan por raza o lugar de orige…
RT @pikittakbo: Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation, not allow them to divide us.  
RT @BernieTampaBay: With high voter turnout, we will win. New Hampshire, we are counting on you.   http…
RT @GRForSanders: When we  we're building a future that works for ALL of us. Not just a few.  …
Standing together, we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs.  
Is everyone ready for a radical idea this morning? 

RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds a "Get Out The Vote" rally in Nashua, New Hampshire  …
We have come a long way in New Hampshire. Please come out to vote tomorrow tonight.  
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.
When it comes to supporting real family values, the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth.
Raúl Grijalva: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas

Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America.  
RT @AneesaSM: Catch @BenJealous live from SC as he joins @FWhitfield on @CNN to discuss his endorsement of @BernieSanders …
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all.
RT @kartpath: A big, big crowd in Portsmouth feelin the bern today, just two days before ! 
RT @maryaliceparks: 1200 ppl here in Portsmouth at @BernieSanders event according to campaign. Crowd is excited, they know his speech https…
RT @WMUR9: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders is holding a rally in Portsmouth:   
Want real change? Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire.  


African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters.
RT @rennycushing: Vote Sanders and help abolish the death penalty  via @seacoastonline
The  needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security.
If you want at least four more years of Larry David on @NBCSNL, vote for Bernie!  

RT @MSNBC: Former NAACP president on why he's supporting @BernieSanders instead of @HillaryClinton:  …
RT @nbcsnl: Tonight's show was one for the ages. Thanks to @BernieSanders, @RedHourBen, @the1975 and of course Larry David!  https://t.…
RT @nbcsnl: Official proof that they're not the same person after all.  
RT @nbcsnl: @BernieSanders Nice Twitter avatar, Senator. 
RT @NYTnickc: Hey, that’s a different avatar for @BernieSanders 
"Things in New Hampshire are pretty, pretty, pretty good!" Help us win:  
RT @nbcsnl: Bernie, Larry. Larry, Bernie.  
RT @nbcsnl: Feeling it.  
RT @nbcsnl: What, you think a rope line isn't infested with germs?  
Tune in to "Bern your Enthusiasm" right now on @nbcsnl!  

Live from New York it's Saturday Night! 

What did I think of the ? Not good enough. Watch @nbcsnl instead. 
RT @BenJealous: Campaigning for @BernieSanders with @es_snipes, daughter of Eric Garner in @SC4Bernie @BernieSanders  https://t…
Unilateral military action should be a last resort, not a first resort.
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire.  
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia.

RT @BenJealous: Enough said.  
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win.

RT @UniPolitica: Si el dreamer Héctor Salamanca hubiera podido participar, su precinto habría ido a @BernieSanders. Aquí su historia
https:…
Nurses are out in force today getting out the vote in Salem, NH.  
RT @DREAMerJ_D: Join us today at the  rally in . Education activists here know how to build a  https:…
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet, not hidden fees and rising prices.  
Mississippi's voter registration deadline is today. Democracy is not a spectator sport. Register to vote now: 
Millions of Americans lost their jobs, homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street.  
RT @MarcNECN: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders speaks in New Hampshire. 
RT @BetteMidler: "The business model for Wall Street is FRAUD"!! Wow.  That is something no one has ever said.  Bernie said it.  I am stunn…
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials.
RT @BenJealous: I am proud to endorse Bernie Sanders. Please read my endorsement 
Remember: this government belongs to all of us, not just a few wealthy campaign donors.  
RT @rubycramer: "I have been criticized because I believe that all of our people in this great country are entitled to health care," says @…
To big pharma we say loud and clear: your days of raising drug prices off the charts are over.  
On our worst days, it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days.  
Excited to be in Rindge tomorrow morning at the Franklin Pierce University Fieldhouse! Doors open at 9am. More info: 
RT @DannyEFreeman: "I’m proud to endorse @BernieSanders for President of the United States," former NAACP leader Ben Jealous told the press…
RT @NolanDMcCaskill: .@BenJealous: @BernieSanders "is the type of leader we can trust to fight for the future  nation's children" h…
Gov. Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing.
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying. 
It's unacceptable that billionaires and corporations can contribute as much as they want to elect those who represent special interests.
I urge Sec. Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security. 

"Surprisingly, American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance. We just don't get it." 

We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters’ ability to participate.
Join the political revolution in New Hampshire today.  
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors.
RT @mrdannyglover: I want  to win the Democratic ticket. Here's why: 
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes.
Oklahoma's voter registration deadline is today and Mississippi's is tomorrow. Take part in democracy! Register now: 
RT @kartpath: .@BernieSanders addressing an overflow crowd standing outside despite a snowstorm. 
RT @ddale8: Full house for Bernie Sanders in Exeter. New Hampshire has cool town halls. 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time. 
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders will join @jaketapper on  this Sunday ahead of Tuesday's   
RT @AriRabinHavt: See why @MarkRuffalo supports @BernieSanders from my interview with him this AM 
RT @SSWorks: Hillary Clinton's current position on  leaves the door open for benefit cuts. She needs to fix that: https://t.…
Huffington Post: Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life.

RT @ThisHour: Ex-NAACP Head endorses @BernieSanders, @VanJones68 + @RobertGBeckel weigh in on the significance of the endorsement.
https://…
RT @gov: Most-Tweeted  Moment: Sanders says "The business model of Wall Street is Fraud." 
On our worst days, it's fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate. 
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants. 
You aren't going to accomplish what we need for working families as long as big money interests control the US Congress. 
RT @MichiganDems: @BernieSanders - "The idea that there has not been a dramatic response is beyond comprehension."  …
RT @CBSNews: In response to  question on capital punishment, @BernieSanders says:  
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA, I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA. 
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair. 
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get. 
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems. There are no excuses. Gov. Snyder should resign. 
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Latin@s. We must abolish it. 
Fewer email questions. More questions about protecting women’s reproductive health. 
RT @TelemundoNews: : "Los demócratas ganan cuando muchos salen a votar  republicanos ganan cuando la gente está desmoraliz…
RT @ErikaAndiola: Did you know that @BernieSanders is the only candidate who has called for deported Veterans to return? Yes, it is …
If you can't afford to take care of our veterans, then don't send them to war.  
RT @RaniaKhalek: Half the "foreign policy experts" Clinton cited as opposing Sanders have ties to military contractors …
Experience is important, but so is judgment. And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War. The other didn't. 
Es difícil ser un progresista real y enfrentar al establecimiento cuando dependes del dinero de Wall St y de farmacéuticas. 
It’s easy to apologize for making bad decisions. It’s harder to make the right ones. 
Nosotros no representamos los intereses de los multimillonarios, de Wall St o de corporaciones. Nosotros no queremos su dinero. 
RT @mateagold:  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
It's hard to be a real progressive and take on the establishment when you've become dependent on Wall St. and drug company money. 
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money. 
Skip the commercials and watch Bernie take on Alan Greenspan.  

Let's ask why we pay by far the highest drugs prices and they can double tomorrow and there is nothing the gov't can do about it. 
I am pretty proud that we have over  million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  
RT @cascamike: the difference between secretary clinton and bernie sanders on universal health care is simple: he has a plan and she doesn’…
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am the only one on stage without a super PAC. 
RT @cascamike: .@BernieSanders has a plan to put 13 million americans back to work. you should read it here:  …
ICYMI    
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: I believe health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
"I don't believe in free college.” - @HillaryClinton
Bernie’s education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education. 
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average. 
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's rigged by Wall Street and that's the problem. 
Remember: this is our movement. Watch tonight's  and : 
RT @MSNBC: .@BernieSanders gets major endorsement from former NAACP Chairman @BenJealous:  (Pic: Getty) …
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.  
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of.  
RT @NECN: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders about to take the stage in   
I will never hesitate to defend this nation, but I will never send our sons and daughters to war under false pretense.
We need to ensure that workers have the skills, equipment, and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy.
Standing room only at our Bernstorm in Colorado Springs yesterday! Get involved:  
Ben and Jerry stopped by our Portsmouth office today! Find your local office here:  
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
RT @WPJohnWagner: Former NAACP leader Ben Jealous to endorse Bernie Sanders 
We’re proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's support in Nevada.
Donald Trump's racist comments and ideas are not what America is about.
Excited to be hosting a Get Out the Vote Rally today in Rochester, New Hampshire. RSVP here: 
You’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am walking the walk.
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton clash over 'progressive' label 
RT @kenvogel: Hillary boasting about all the small donors supporting her. Here's where she ranked in % of Q4 $ from small donors. https://t…
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it. 
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues. 
Change has always come from the bottom on up. That's what every major movement has been about. That's what we need right now. 
Bernie worked with Sen. McCain and Rep. Miller to pass the most comprehensive veterans affairs bill in modern history. 
My spirituality is that we are all in this together. When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me. 
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans, not a privilege. 
RT @ElizLanders: "If it saves me on health insurance premiums, I'll gladly pay more taxes," says NH resident to @BernieSanders' proposal to…
A family making $50,000 would save $5,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan.  
Tune in to the  right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future – the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now.
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair.

Some other  
Of course. There is no debate about this among progressives. 
RT @NECN: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders speaks in   
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country.
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq. One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States.
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one. Honestly, it wasn’t that complicated.
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They didn't have to think about it a whole lot.
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street.
You can be a moderate. You can be a progressive. But you cannot be a moderate and a progressive.
RT @Residente: Bernie Sanders lleva más de 30 años abogando por la gente trabajadora y la clase baja de los EEUU @BernieSanders …
Q. Do you think @HillaryClinton is a progressive?
A. Some days, yes. Other days she announces she is a moderate.

Congrats to @DREAMerJ_D, one of our Latino Outreach Strategist, for becoming the first DREAMer lawyer in the State of NY today! Very proud.
"You know, I get accused of being kind of moderate and  I plead guilty." - @HillaryClinton, Sept. 10, 2015. 
It's immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@morningmika asks: Are you going to debate @HillaryClinton tomorrow night? @BernieSanders: The answer is - yes. https://t…
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders: I believe public colleges and universities should be  These are not such radical ideas
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders joins us in the 8AM hour!  
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking.  
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration.
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country. Disproportionately African-American and Latino.
RT @BostonGlobe: .@BernieSanders in New Hampshire: "Last night, we began the political revolution."  …
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees. It's Wall Street's time to help the middle class.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@BernieSanders sets his sights on New Hampshire and beyond. Tune in TOMORROW!  
Blitzer: "The debate in New York City that they want. Are you accepting that?"

Clinton: ""

RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders addresses voters in Claremont, New Hampshire:

The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done.  
In the year 2016, public colleges and universities should be tuition free. How will we pay for it? We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation.
Last night, we began the political revolution not just in Iowa, not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation. 
This moment requires a political revolution with millions of people coming together. Watch our rally in Keene live: 
RT @EricaMouraNEWS: Actress Eliza Dushku is speaking to the crowd stating she backs Sanders because of his platform to create a socio-econo…
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money.
RT @evanhalper: Onto NH! Crowd swarms downtown Keene in anticipation of @BernieSanders  In an hour and a half. 
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election. 
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along: when we stand together, anything is possible.
RT @cascamike: .@BernieSanders welcomed to new hampshire by a raucous crowd. "what time is it?" he asks. 
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us  
Want real change? Caucus tonight for Bernie Sanders. And bring the folks with you. 

RT @ireneberns:  IOWA!!! Show up to  like you do at his rallys. Please, we're with you! He's with us …
Don't know how to  tonight? It's easy! Head to your local caucus location and watch this:

Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people. 
RT @MoveOn: :   @berniesanders   
RT @kalpenn: Exciting day ! Nothing's decided. Support a candidate who's strong on education, jobs, &amp; human rights.  @…
They say you don't care. They say you won't caucus. They say we can't win. Prove them wrong. 

RT @elizadushku: Together, we can dismantle this corrupt political system — one vote at a time. I BELIEVE THIS TO BE TRUE! @BernieSanders #…
RT @AaronRegunberg: Dreaming big is the only way we will achieve real change in America. That's why I'm proud to support @BernieSanders. …
RT @Latinos4Bernie: ? Awesome! Voice your choice in ! Find your  location:  ht…
RT @jhutch1992: this campaign is about transforming America!
 
 
RT @NaomiAKlein: Action or inaction in the next 5 years will determine the future for generations to come.  
En la Democracia tu presencia es tu voz. Iowa hoy escuchará a la comunidad Latina.  
RT @Iowa4Bernie: If you're 18 by the general election you can  in  
Get out there and show your support! https://…
RT @YoBenCohen: Bernie voted against the Iraq War – one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history.  …
Commit to  in :   
RT @_Julio_Caesar: Some of these @Latinos4Bernie will  today! Others are knocking on 🚪🚪 &amp; ☎️ banking! 💪 htt…
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty. 
Sanders super PAC haul

$

This is a people's campaign. 

Look up your caucus location to  in :  
Questions or issues on how to ? Call our hotline:  
RT @stephencbishop: Are you ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! …
RT @feelthebernorg: Iowa, help us make history tonight with an unprecedented victory in your state.   https://t…
Football is a spectator sport. Democracy is not a spectator sport.  
We win tonight if turnout is high. Bring your friends and family. Come out and  in .

RT @NaomiAKlein: People of Iowa: Today you get to make a choice that would give countless people better choices. Jobs, Justice + Climate Ac…
Together we can build a future that works for all of us, not just the few on top.  
RT @Women4Bernie: You Can Caucus, You Can Help!   @People4Bernie @Bernlennials  …
RT @wilw: Iowa! You ready to  and start a revolution?! Visit  to get all the info you need. …
RT @YoBenCohen: Bernie will only appoint judges to the Supreme Court who will be committed to repeal . 
RT @Frances_Fisher: Are you ready to ? It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! …
RT @People4Bernie:  because THEY say you won't show up. It's time to prove them all wrong! Onward through the snow! https:/…
RT @GRForSanders: It's seriously this easy. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your precinct location for today's caucuses.  http…
RT @jhutch1992: Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people. …
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can’t accomplish.  
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. 

RT @DREAMerJ_D: Juntos podemos desmantelar este corrupto sistema político — un voto a la vez.   2016 …
RT @SusanSarandon: Ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet!  http…
We’re going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back. It starts with you. 
RT @ProjectBernie16: There is a future where Bernie Sanders is our President. This Is Our Future.    ht…
RT @GatorsEite23: It is time to ! :) It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet! …
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. Together, we will do that. 

RT @MoveOn: : @RBReich on @BernieSanders is everything.   

We've got a message from @JustinLong. Hint: he wants you to caucus today. 

RT @MoveOn: : No  in @BernieSanders' cabinet.    
RT @MarkPontius: If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
The revolution starts today. Iowa, come out and caucus.   
Iowa, let's make a little bit of history today. Come out and caucus.  
This is our country, and it's time we took it back from the billionaire class. Today, we come together to say, "Enough is enough."
RT @UniPolitica: Este dreamer que no puede votar hace campaña por @BernieSanders en Iowa. Video completo aquí 
https…
RT @MMFlint: Tonight I officially endorse @BernieSanders for President. Read my endorsement letter here:  https://t.…
It is absurd that one family (the Waltons of @Walmart) has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry.
When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
RT @SiCarswell: Raucous crowd greeted @BernieSanders on stage. "Sounds like you want to make a political revolution," he says. …
Let me say it loudly and clearly: I believe that health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy. Together, we're gonna stop that. 
RT @SiCarswell: @BernieSanders at last rally of his Iowa campaign before caucuses tomorrow night 
The revolution starts here. The revolution starts now. 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that "can’t get done in Washington.” Couldn't disagree more.
I do not represent corporate America and I don’t want their money.
I am proud to tell you that I am the only candidate on the Democratic side that does not have a super PAC.
Dreamers and young Latin@s getting out the caucus. Don't know how to caucus? It's easy:  
RT @Latinos4Bernie: Are you ready to ? It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends &amp; anyone you meet!   http…
RT @tlfiegen: Let's  
We are  
Anupama is asking Iowans to . If you're not in Iowa you can help by going to  
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money.
RT @mateagold: Bernie Sanders's campaign brings in jaw-dropping $20 million in January 
Any Democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus Monday for Sen. Bernie Sanders.

The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth.  
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low.
RT @goberniepod: , please  Info:  @Iowa4Bernie phone bank:  🎧pod: https:…
Sec. Clinton and I have differences of opinion. Let’s debate those differences, not go around distorting records.

RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders: If working and young people vote tomorrow, "we're going to pull off one of the great political upsets in …
RT @CNNPolitics: .@BernieSanders: If the turnout is high, "we've got a real shot"   
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders tells @jaketapper he is poised to score one of the great upsets in political history if new people participate…
Up next I’ll be on ABC’s @ThisWeekABC and CNN’s @CNNSotu. Tune in! 
RT @ErikaAndiola: The energy in the room is palpable! Bernie Sanders with @VampireWeekend &amp; @JHutch1992   https:…
RT @cascamike: “any democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus monday for @BernieSanders” — @qctimes https:/…
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months. The momentum is with us.  
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana. That is absurd and it is destroying lives. 
RT @KThomasDC: Big crowd awaiting @BernieSanders in Iowa City. 
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout. To get people involved in the political process. 
RT @katarinasinfamy: had a lovely afternoon phone banking for @BernieSanders   
Live stream from Iowa City with @vampireweekend @fosterthepeople @jillsobule and others: 
RT @jeffrae: Thousands marching in  now in support of Bernie Sanders  
RT @People4Bernie: "We are working to bring justice back to our justice system" - @BernieSanders  
RT @JohnBerman: Waiting for @BernieSanders in Iowa City. 
RT @cascamike: you obviously missed our response, @JohnPodesta. you can find it here:  
RT @Sam_Frizell: Progressives on Parade: Chuy Garcia, Raul Grijalva, Cornel West, Keith Ellison to introduce Bernie in Cedar Rapids https:/…
RT @thehill: WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders rallies in Iowa with Cornel West  
RT @EvgenyFeldman: 3,700 are here for @BernieSanders event in Iowa City, a town of 70,000. Trump had the crowd of 900 in this same bldg htt…
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families.
RT @georgelopez: We are important to this country everyday , not just every four years @BernieSanders understands that 
RT @EvgenyFeldman: Iowa City, @BernieSanders's rally to start in an hour and a half 
RT @justinlong: Because EVERYONE deserves a living wage, free education + free health care. Not politics but basic human rights. …
RT @ChiliPeppers: Additional tix just released for  benefit concert in LA on 2/5 @berniesanders  https:/…
"Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.” - John F. Kennedy
RT @JuliaRJones: We need policies that bring us together and create an economy that works for all of us, rather than a few.   https…
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem, NH about building a revolution.  
RT @MarkRuffalo: .@BernieSanders has said it since day one: He can't do this alone. 
RT @ProjectBernie16: Acceptance. Tolerance. Equality. Love.  
Welcome to the political revolution. :   
When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win.  
RT @SusanSarandon: This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough.  htt…
Brothers and sisters: Now is not the time for thinking small. Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics. 
RT @Iowa4Bernie: Change comes about when we come together, speak, vote, and be part of the Democratic process.   https:…
RT @MarkPontius: This campaign is about a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough.  https:…
RT @TweetingYarnie: I'm caucusing in  for  because he is for single payer healthcare, $15 minimum wage. . https:…
RT @jhutch1992: It's time our government worked for us. All of us. Not just the rich and powerful. Get out to vote! Today Iowa, tomorrow ch…
RT @jhutch1992: I'm in Iowa now heading out to canvass for  this is exciting! Get out and vote!  
If we stand together, we will win. If we are divided, the big-money interests win. 
 
RT @Latinos4Bernie: "This is a campaign OF the people, BY the people, and FOR the people" - @BernieSanders   https:…
RT @LaborForBernie:  is the true core of American values, as they are Bernie's. Let's  for years to come. …
RT @fosterthepeople: We should have a government that works for us all, not just a few at the top. But we need to vote for it!!🇺🇸 #…
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
If we stand together on Monday night, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.  : 

RT @feelthebernorg: When we come together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.  
RT @IL9CD4Bernie: Welcome to the political revolution.  
RT @PlatinumBubble: I drove up to Iowa for the 4th time to canvass because I believe we need a Revolution.  
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. 
RT @NationalNurses: We need a revolution in how healthcare is provided in this country.    …
This campaign is about a political revolution—millions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
RT @People4Bernie:  because for decades there's been a transfer of wealth from the people to the  for US to take it back htt…
RT @GRForSanders: We MUST stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work. 
RT @corinew77: My man @BernieSanders has a Super Pack 3 million strong!  
RT @WorkingFamilies: This political revolution is built by all of us.   (art: @DustyVinyl_FA inspired by @OBEYGIANT) htt…
RT @PaulSasso: Let us be bold, together!  
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.  
Check out my op-ed from June where I laid out specific ideas to reduce violence and inequality in Baltimore. 
Disgusting, un-American, cowardly explanation from the Trump campaign. 
If you ever wondered what was at stake this November, @realDonaldTrump's hint at assassination shows you what kind of person he is.
Tune in tomorrow: I'll be joining @Morning_Joe at 8:30 AM EST to talk about the latest in the 2016 election.
Hell yeah, I remember. 
  via @fusion
True. I am a normal person who loves babies. Sad those aren't universal qualities this year. Cc: @realDonaldTrump 
Then why are you supporting @realDonaldTrump? This isn't courage, it's cowardice. 
Heartbreaking floods in beautiful Ellicott City last night. Here's a great way to pitch in.  
RT @salawm: "Your community is a beacon of light in this world and in this country." @MartinOMalley  
RT @Islam_Press: "There is only one superpower in the world and that is the power of love." —@MartinOMalley  …
Saw my friend, Mayor @PeteButtigieg, coming back from @HillaryClinton's amazing speech. We're all  
RT @FWD_us: .@MartinOMalley speaks to the importance of immigration in the history of America at our  event. …
This is the America we love.  
RT @HillaryClinton: "It’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the White House!" —@MartinOMalley …
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@MartinOMalley: "Anger and fear had their moment last week, but now it is our time."  
RT @UniPolitica: .@MartinOMalley, ex rival de @hillary_esp, tuvo algunas frases fuertes contra .  …
It's time to put a racist bully in his place, and a tough woman in hers: The White House!
.@HillaryClinton understands the enduring symbol of the United States is not the barbed wire  it is the Statue of Liberty!
We believe, as @HillaryClinton believes, that no American family who works hard should have to raise their children in poverty.
I say to hell with Trump's American nightmare. We believe in the American Dream!
Trump turns anger into a weapon. But anger never fed a hungry child. Anger never protected a family's home or sent a kid to college.
I've worked with @HillaryClinton, I've competed against her. And I am here to tell you @HillaryClinton is as tough as they come.
Putting the final touches on my speech for tonight. Tune in at 7!   
Once a history nerd, always a history nerd.  
RT @DrAndyMc: A huge thanks to Gov. @MartinOMalley for stopping by our delegation breakfast this morning!  …
RT @KyDems: Glad to have @MartinOMalley as a speaker this morning!   
Happy to be joining @jorgeramosnews from Philadelphia.   
Try? I am a cool dad.  
Philly bound!  
If you agree that we are better than what we saw at  &amp; that we are stronger together, get involved here: 
There’s about as much chance that Mexico pays 4 @realDonaldTrump's wall, as there is that Trump pays all those vendors he stiffed 
This, @realDonaldTrump is why you won't be POTUS: "Anyone who endorses violence, hatred or oppression is not welcome." 
Muslims are our friends, family, neighbors, &amp; co-workers. @realDonaldTrump's attacks on them are an attack on us all. 
.@realDonaldTrump says he wants to do for US what @Mike_Pence did for IN. Anti-gay, anti-women's health policies are un-American. 
.@realDonaldTrump couldn't even make money running a casino. Imagine what he'd do to the US economy.  
Message to @realDonaldTrump: people can't be "illegal." 
Honored to be joining Democrats at the Convention next week &amp; making the case for why we must vote our conscience &amp; elect @HillaryClinton.
Former Governors use the airport too! 
.@GovWalker- we served our states together &amp; you are “better than this” A real man would never say that about @HillaryClinton. 
Thanks for having me! You're gonna make us all proud this November.  
The tragedy in  today breaks my heart. We're not doing enough to guard our officers and citizens from the disease of gun violence
RT @PADems: Add us on Snapchat at @padems to hear Governor @MartinOMalley sing! 
RT @HillaryforPA: "Are we still a nation who believes we're all in this together or just in it for ourselves?" @MartinOMalley …
Thank you for protecting our country from @realDonaldTrump. We're gonna win this thing.   
RT @HillaryforNH: "I'm honored to be in this fight with you, there is no more important fight" -@MartinOMalley   https…
RT @vicreyesep: .@MartinOMalley fires up Portsmouth vols reminding them that fear &amp; anger never built a better country   https:/…
Totally agree with you, Mike. 
My heart goes out to the City of Nice. We stand in solidarity with you and the people of France.
Can't wait. Will bring my door knocking shoes!   
RT @RepSwalwell: Victims and survivors of  need more than silence, they need action. We’ve got to . …
To all decent humans who can't stand this orange faced racist, vote for @HillaryClinton. She's tough. He's not.  
Correction: Singer/Songwriter* 
This much is clear: We CAN stop gun violence and police shootings. If we fail to act now, we insult the beautiful lives we lost this week.
Heartbreaking night for all Americans. Until we know more, we can only pray and focus our thoughts on the victims and their families.
There are ways to stop police shootings. We need national standards for training, integrity and use of force, now.
Awful, tragic loss of lives in MN &amp; LA. The deaths of  and  demand our immediate action. 
Our courts have made it clear time and time again, we cannot senselessly imprison immigrant children. 

They're all still welcome.  
But seriously.  
RT @SarahLGriffin: @MartinOMalley proudly supporting the  campaign. what a way to end . thank you thank you!!!!! htt…
We need to stop for-profit internment camps of women and children. This is 
unacceptable. 


Thanks, man. I try.  
Had a great time talking to the High School Dems of America! Our next generation always gives me hope.  
Not every issue. Just when you prop up openly racist reality TV stars like @realDonaldTrump. 
America doesn't build walls- we tear them down. South Dakota Dems know  will unite us in #2016.  
Like most bullies, Chicken @realDonaldTrump walks away when things get tough, and real people get hurt.
Look forward to chatting w @jaketapper  this morning. Time to show Trump and the rest of the world who we are as Americans.
Trump's supporters aren't evil, they've just fallen for a con.  
Or, "Donald Cluck". Not sure which one I like more.   
"Like most bullies, Chicken Donald walks away when things get tough, and real people get hurt."  
"Donald Trump, he likes to hand out those little nicknames. I’ve got one for him: Chicken Donald"  
"Unlike that fascist, carnival-barker, Donald Trump - @HillaryClinton will not back down from a tough fight"  
Team Stark, forever. November is coming for you, Donald Trump. Cc: @TheFix 
.@HillaryForIowa has great organizers, and musicians. I even got asked to sign a mandolin!  
.@jasonnobleDMR, it's actually Celtic Rock, but whatever.  
Back on the trail! Dialing with @HillaryforIA today, speaking at South Dakota Dems convention tomorrow.  
Those covered by DAPA &amp; DACA are Americans by most every important measure. Shame on Supreme Court for letting injustice stand.
Tragedies like Orlando &amp; the  deserve our thoughts, but also our actions. Reform is the greatest remembrance. .
Stop arming ISIS lone wolves: re-instate ban on the sale of combat assault weapons in America. .
"No fly / No Buy." Thank you @ChrisMurphyCT. . 
My prayers go out to the people of Orlando. The  is one of easiest places for jihadi extremists to buy assault rifles. Actions not Words
The stakes are far too high for the untested hands of @realDonaldTrump. America needs a tried and true leader. Hillary is that leader. #2016
We must come together to confront the fascist threat to our democracy presented by Donald Trump. 
I commend Senator  for waging an exciting campaign focused on important progressive issues about which so many of us care so deeply.
For the future of the country, I am committing my energies to the election of Secretary Clinton as the next President. 
At the end of today, let us again remember those who sacrificed all
 - and the rare leaders who do them justice.  
An American champion for the ages who followed his conscience. 
There is a lot that is working in America -- look at her cities: 
Fact and science-based reporting on the Bay vs. the ugly politics of Larry Hogan.  We can do better.  
.@realDonaldTrump Total wuss. Afraid to release his own tax returns.  America deserves better.
Met @JackGleeson_ last week Not like his alter ego Joffrey in bid for Iron Throne - Winter is coming!  
Nuestra política de inmigración no solo es injusta, es antiestadounidense 
Why won’t @realDonaldTrump release taxes? A) Not a billionaire B) Doesn’t pay them C) Audit=cheating.  
Unconscionable, unjust, and  women &amp; children - hardly the American Dream we hold in hearts. 
US Immigration Policy not only unjust - it's Un-American. Women &amp; children dealt the hardest blow. We can do better 
You can read more about the important work that @MetroLabNetwork does &amp; my involvement here: 
I'm excited to join @MetroLabNetwork as Sr Fellow &amp; Chair of Advisory Committee. Together, cities &amp; universities can solve urban challenges.
The GOP just anointed in @realDonaldTrump the most racist, fascist major party nominee in modern history. Let's go win this Democrats!
Congratulations to my friends @ChrisVanHollen &amp; @BrownforMD on their victories tonight. They will carry on MD's proud progressive tradition.
Had some fun outside the polls w/@WOM_alley &amp; snapped my prez endorsement in2 today's @Snapchat Live Story. Go vote! 
.@ChrisVanHollen is a progressive who will get results. Vote for him tomorrow &amp; turn out for him tonight!  
Harriet Tubman is a great American--&amp; Maryland--hero. Thrilled to see her courage &amp; contributions to our nation honored on the new $20 bill.
I stand w/millions of Americans urging SCOTUS to support  &amp; . Stop breaking up families &amp; senseless deportations.
.@OfficialJLD: I knew you were Presidential material when I saw your selfie skills. Break a leg.  
FACT: climate change is  best biz opportunity in 100 years. We can phase out reliance on fossil fuels by 2050, create 5M jobs along the way
It's simply disgraceful that the gun lobby has unprecedented immunity in this nation. Democrats need to stand up &amp; reverse this. 
Said this in 2012 about @MittRomney's tax returns, I'll say it today: @HillaryClinton should release the Wall Street transcripts 
Will be joining @Maddow at 9:15 PM- make sure to tune in!
The rumors are true: looking forward to visiting w/@maddow tomorrow. Can't promise any kilt conversations this time. Tune in! #2016 
Great speaking with @MoElleithee, @SamSteinHP, and the incredible students of @GUPolitics on the Hilltop last night. 
My heart breaks for the victims of this senseless violence in Brussels. We must must come together during these difficult times.
For more information about @ProjectDrawdown, visit 
We'll be mapping, measuring &amp; modeling the most impactful &amp; existing solutions to climate change to reduce our carbon footprint globally.
Very excited to join @PaulHawken and his team as a board member at @ProjectDrawdown. Climate change is real, and so too are the solutions.
 needs leaders like @JohnFetterman who are ready to embrace immigration reform rather than running away from it. 
RT @GrantMRodgers: The crowd erupted as @MartinOMalley arrived at Drake to speak to a caucus.  
15 minutes till doors close.  Iowa!
RT @omalleyforia:   
RT @omalleyforia:   
RT @TheGraceRogers: I'm so excited to caucus for @MartinOMalley!  
RT @thegr8brittan: Almost 8 months ago I committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley could not be more proud of that decision.  https…
Great start to the morning in Waterloo.   
RT @carleegriffeth: .@MartinOMalley tells a crowd of supporters outside Smokey Row to  tonight in  …
RT @omalleyforia: IT'S CAUCUS DAY!   
RT @JoJo_Sabine: Caucus Day: 6am viz, 10am canvassing, 7pm Caucusing for @MartinOMalley !    
Today is the day to . 
RT @ksosanie: 24 hours until .  for @MartinOMalley. 
RT @ksosanie: Full front yard here in Johnston as @MartinOMalley launches the afternoon GOTC canvass . 
We need to expand—not cut or “enhance”—Social Security so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley meeting with caucus goers at his Des Moines office   
Today, 50,000 veterans are homeless. As a nation, we cannot allow such an outcome for those who risked everything to keep us safe.
RT @omalleyforia: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about a plan for Comprehensive  Reform   …
Two days.   

RT @omalleyforia: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about :    …
Gracias @GabyPacheco1 for always fighting for New Americans and inclusion. Wishing you a speedy recovery. ¡Que te mejores! 
In MD, we protected &amp; cared for child refugees. Others were far less fortunate. We must keep all kids safe. - O'M 
This is a big step in our fight to close the pay gap -- one of my top goals for rebuilding the American dream. (2/2)
Thank you, @POTUS, for requiring companies to be transparent about pay. ] (1/2)
Glad to see Puerto Rico got a mention in the . As President I'll make sure our fellow citizens in the island are treated equally.
.@JohnKasich, it works better if you ask with a smile.   
 Iowa.

RT @omalleyforia: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about a 100% Clean Electric Grid:     https…
Great news out of Illinois.  
RT @mattcorridoni:  Torrent Brewing Company at capacity &amp;  goers lined up outside to meet @MartinOMalley  http…
RT @JacksonSump: Grinnell fired up to  for @MartinOMalley  
 at your caucus, Iowa.
Florida, stop with the self-deportation tactics.  is wrong.  We do not deny education to children in the United States. 
EJ's question: How will you ensure every child has the chance to receive a high-quality early education?

RT @omalleyforia: VIDEO: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? How about a 100% Clean Electric Grid!   
RT @JosephOHern: .@JakeOeth is all smiles to drop off the last round of  commit cards for @MartinOMalley @USPS   https:…
.@realDonaldTrump &amp; @RealSheriffJoe represent hate mongering at its worst. Outrageous to visit Marshalltown &amp; promise to rip families apart.
I changed my picture to . Join with me:
 
As president I will take the next step and fight to end solitary confinement for all young people.  (2/2)
Big, important step by @POTUS to limit solitary confinement. (1/2)
My message to O'Malley supporters across the state: Hold strong. America is looking for a new leader. 

RT @omalleyforia: Like what @MartinOMalley had to say at CNN's ?  today:   https…
Join those holding strong in our corner:  
Join our campaign now: 
Every American should have the opportunity to serve their country through national service. 
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050.  
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
Tune in now to the CNN  to watch Governor O’Malley! You can also stream it here: 
Iowa waltz!  
RT @Brian_Williams2: "Republicans aren't our enemies. They're our friends, our colleagues, our uncles." -@MartinOMalley 
RT @SimpsonCollege: .@MartinOMalley is speaking at Great Hall today, marking his second appearance at .  https…
My experience is that of an executive. A mayor and a governor. 
RT @omalleyforia: A packed house is gathering at @SimpsonCollege for @MartinOMalley   
"Young Iowans must stand up and choose the new leadership we want for our generation." Read a memo from IA students: 
RT @omalleyforia: VIDEO: From city to city and town to town, @MartinOMalley has campaigned the Iowa way  
RT @JakeOeth: We call @WOM_alley "the closer" as he signs up another @MartinOMalley supporter at Story Dems Soup supper  https://t…
RT @Latinos4OMalley: NOTICIA DE ÚLTIMA HORA: Periódico 'El Latino' de Iowa endorsa a @MartinOMalley para Presidente de  …
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley team and  today!    …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley taking questions at @BackpocketBrew in Coralville, IA   
RT @FreemanJeremyIA: @MartinOMalley @aarpia  talking about expanding  
RT @ksosanie: "Iowans lifted up the voice of a new  have work to do to build on Obama progress" -@MartinOMalley  https://t…
O’Malley’s Family Planning Works Act gave 35k low-income women access to free pregnancy counseling, contraception, cancer &amp; STI screenings.
RT @omalleyforia: VIDEO: Why caucus for @MartinOMalley? New leadership to  &amp; stand up to the @NRA! 
I always stood up for women's health &amp; a woman's right to choose as Gov, I will never stop fighting for those rights as President. 
Why I'm  switching my vote from Sanders to O'Malley 
Today, big-money special interests have taken over our elections—it's time we act.  
RT @Telegraph_Chris: At antipoverty forum in Nashua, @MartinOMalley offers his vision to restore the American Dream for the middle class. h…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley addressing important Politics, Poverty and Presidency Forum in Nashua  
RT @elraymer: .@MartinOMalley kick starts the day with a packed room at New England College @omalleyfornh  …
I  who are standing up for safe schools. We should invest in education, not send students to schools w/known health risks
.@Juanes, I've been practicing “Bandera de Manos." Wish I could be there with you, @puenteaz &amp; Los Jornaleros Del Norte. 
"We do not return refugee kids who find themselves on our doorstep back into war-torn places." 
RT @omalleyforia: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with @realbencarson’s campaign staff, volunteers, &amp; the Joplin family tonight after a terrible…
Within 35 yrs, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
RT @omalleyforia: Praying for a speedy and healthy recovery for the @RealBenCarson volunteers and staff involved in today’s accident.
RT @ChouBenjamin: Why will  voters vote 4 @MartinOMalley? B/c for the 1st time a candidate has gone all out for  equality since …
In 2010, O’Malley extended health care and other benefits to same-sex couples.
.@TheDailyShow Just 30 more characters please? 
Sign Gov. O’Malley’s Birthday card. Wish him a Happy 53!  
Now more than ever we need to hold true to the life and spirit of Dr. King. There is no place in our country for quiet injustice. 
Thanks to my friend and @GOVERNING Public Official of the Year @CountyExecBaker for supporting me in last nights SC 
My two youngest, William and Jack, always make me LOL. -O'M 
Will you help wish Governor O’Malley a Happy 53rd Birthday? Sign his card: 
RT @ABCPolitics: After last night's , @MartinOMalley marches in South Carolina in memory of Martin Luther King, Jr. …
Our shared beliefs will bring us to the new era of American progress. Now is the time to join the campaign: 
RT @ABCPolitics: .@MartinOMalley slams @realDonaldTrump's "fascist appeals" that try to "vilify American Muslims."  …
RT @MSNBC: Why @MartinOMalley thinks the greatest new business opportunity in years is climate change:  …
Watch Governor O'Malley fundraise on Wall Street. 

We cannot keep talking past each other. We are one. We must help each other if we want to succeed. 
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
I have been consistent on our need to pass comprehensive gun safety legislation.  
1. Increase wages for all Americans
2. 100% clean electric grid
3. New agenda for American cities

Tune in now!  
Only 1 hour left till the start of the last Democratic debate before the Iowa Caucuses. Let us know you’re watching: 
RT @omalleyforia: As the @MartinOMalley team gets ready for tonight's , RSVP a Debate Watch Party:   https…
Throughout our history, infrastructure development has underpinned every wave of economic growth—and transit should come next.
Let us know that you will be watching the debate tonight:  
Thank you South Carolina. Let’s join together and build on the successes of the past 8 years.  
As the Democratic Party, we must overturn Citizens United, and work state by state to make the Right to Vote a Constitutional Amendment.
I have a message for the @NRA:  one American life is worth more than all the gun sales in America. 
The answer to cancer isn’t more cancer.
The answer to poverty isn’t more poverty.
And the answer to gun deaths is NOT more guns. 
Now it’s up to us. If we don’t build on @POTUS’ legacy, we will surely backslide into something we don’t even want to imagine. 
I’m here to challenge you to do what you’ve done before: to point the way forward for our country by lifting up new leadership. 
We are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place. 
No family should pay more than 10% of their income on safe, affordable childcare in a given year. 
Great news on the release of Jason Rezaian and others. Memo to Republican candidates: diplomacy beats carpet bombing.
The best federal programs give mayors the flexibility they need to invest in the communities that need help the most 
As President, I will fight to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, however and wherever we can.
RT @CornellCollege: We just posted photos from the @MartinOMalley campaign event at  
We can make a quality education available to every child in America by investing in universal pre-K. 
RT @CornellCollege: @MartinOMalley leads an interactive exercise on personal earnings over time with audience members. …
Me uno a todos luchando para que las acciones ejecutivas de inmigración sigan en marcha .  debe darle una audiencia a  y .
I stand with all those fighting to  today.  should give  &amp;  their day in court.
Great news: @POTUS is halting coal leases on federal lands. This is a critical step to get to . 
RT @DREAMIowa: @MartinOMalley  supports our efforts for tuition equity in Iowa   @HectorASalamanc  https://t…
Reckless decisions exposed children in Flint—many poor and black—to poison. Elected officials did nothing. It's time for justice. (2/2)
As a father, the Flint water crisis breaks my heart—and as a mayor &amp; gov, it makes me spitting mad. This should not happen in America. (1/2)
I will fight to finally enact the Paycheck Fairness Act, holding employers who discriminate in pay accountable. 
 was ultimate . If you think we can do better, need new leadership to build on @POTUS' progress visit: 
As President, I will lobby for, pass, and implement the Schedules That Work Act to give workers more control over their schedules.
Read the 11 rights in my American Worker's Bill Of Rights for the 21st Century: 
Read why I am proposing a 21st Century Workers' Bill of Rights on @Medium: 
Estoy de acuerdo con @NHLAgenda. Debemos desafiar a Wall St. y permitir a Puerto Rico renegociar su deuda.  
I agree w/ @NHLAgenda. We must stand up to Wall Street and allow Puerto Rico to renegotiate its debt.  
RT @HolleSharon: Who challenged the NRA and passed tough gun legislation?  @MartinOMalley    …
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
In 2012, O’Malley signed marriage equality into law—and Maryland became the first to defend this by popular vote.
No POTUS in modern times inherited bigger challenges than @POTUS. Blessed for his leadership, thankful for his service. Let's build on it.
Yes, let's make it easier to vote. Let's make the right to vote a constitutional right for every American. 
 indeed does not represent a great world religion—we can't give in to fear &amp; allow divisive voices to scapegoat American Muslims 
.@POTUS made our energy cleaner and safer. I'm calling for  to finish the job.  
.@POTUS is right: we shouldn't weaken Social Security, we must expand it. 
We must give *every* student the option of debt-free college. I've set a goal of doing it in the next 5 years. 
FACT: Thanks to @POTUS' leadership, we have seen 70 straights months of positive job growth. We are stronger today b/c of him. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Pre-SOTU phone bank at Manch HQ. Talking w/ voters about how @MartinOMalley will build off of @BarackObama progress https…
We need to double our Peace Corps so more Americans can serve as ambassadors around the world.  
Join our campaign now! 
RT @RockTheVote: .@MartinOMalley to : It’s easy to become  But we will come through this divided time. @ThisIsFus…
RT @omalleyforia: READ @MartinOMalley's plan for  within five years:    https://t.…
Tune in now to see the Governor on stage at the @ThisIsFusion Brown &amp; Black Presidential Forum!  
Make sure to tune in tonight! 
I expanded collective bargaining rights for public employee unions as Gov. and I will protect &amp; strengthen them as President. 
Crucial  sides w/ teachers and middle class families in  who want to , not right-wing billionaires.
Happening now: Gov. O’Malley addressing @NoLabelsOrg 
After two failed attempts, Governor O’Malley forged a new consensus and abolished the death penalty in Maryland.
RT @omalleyforia: Hey @ThisIsFusion, the enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence, it is the Statue of Liberty - O'M http…
RT @UniPolitica: .@MartinOMalley condenó redadas y deportaciones de inmigrantes en Iowa  
RT @omalleyforia: Hey @ThisIsFusion, I loved your  videos – here are some answers! - O'M  
RT @CCCAction: Gov @MartinOMalley with grassroots leaders on the stage.  
RT @CCCAction: .@MartinOMalley @   Pres. forum:  "I'm the only candidate in the race w/ a plan to invest in our cities" https://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley team and  today:   
LIVE on  
Great start to the O’Malley Unplugged: The New Leadership Tour the other night in Des Moines, IA. 
This isn’t the Apprentice. Media execs shouldn’t be able to fire ppl from the debate stage. The voters should get to make an informed choice
This election is not up to NBC executives. It's up to the voters. We must not let NBC dictate which candidates voters get to hear from.
LIVE on : O'Malley Unplugged - Davenport, IA  
Let’s make background checks universal and close dangerous loopholes. Read my full plan:  
RT @ChouBenjamin: 8am = 8 caucus cards from ,  activists. This is how we win  @MartinOMalley @taylorvdk42 …
I applaud @POTUS - it's time to . Read how I would build on the progress he plans to make 
RT @UniPolitica: ¿Sabes quién es @MartinOMalley y por qué se lanzó a la presidencia? Conócelo en 10 preguntas 
…
Join me in supporting the .  
RT @omalleyfornh: Great to have the @POLIRams stop by headquarters  
RT @MichaelE_ECLV: "New leadership and getting things done." @MartinOMalley  
There is nothing so divided about our nation's politics that new leadership and our love for one another cannot heal.
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—read my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream. 
We must win this election. And we must fight like the future of our country depends on us. Join our campaign now: 
Well @realDonaldTrump, when you launch your registry of Americans who oppose your fascist ideas, you can START WITH ME! 
Our diversity is our strength. We are a nation of nations. America is made stronger in every generation by the arrival of New Americans.
Now it’s up to us. We must build on President Obama's legacy or we will surely backslide into a very bad detour. 
Talk to young Americans and you will see that we are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place.

Watch the Governor address the Nevada Battleground Dinner 

Getting ready for the Nevada First in the West Caucus Dinner.  
Outrageous. An example of why I oppose . Trade deals shouldn't value corporate profits over national interests. 
Solving the problems at the VA &amp; providing the world-class care our veterans deserve will require good governance and innovative leadership.
What has this country come to when you can get pulled over for a broken taillight, but if you wreck the nation’s economy you’re untouchable?
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now @MartinOMalley live streaming into the New Hampshire Primary Student Convention  …
.@TedCruz's attacks on @POTUS are disgraceful—his fear &amp; division will make us weaker. @POTUS's gun safety reforms will make us stronger.
Iowa Organizers Cath and Kiera love when people commit to caucus. Do it now:   
.@POTUS is right to act—every day we spend debating gun control is a day that we lose lives. One life is worth more than all gun sales. -O'M
It’s not acceptable that firearms kill more than 32,000 Americans each year.  
My plan to end Too Big To Fail: 1. A modern Glass-Steagall. 2. Capital requirements for big banks. 3. Living wills: 
7. Strengthen enforcement and audits of licensed dealers. 
6. Require the responsible storage of guns at home. 
5. Alert law enforcement of failed gun sales. 
4. Ban “cop-killer” ammunition. 
3. Disarm and prosecute domestic abusers who break the law. 
2. Stop defending—and work to overturn—gun dealer immunity. 
1. Use procurement contracts to advance gun safety. 
Given GOP refusal to act, @POTUS is right to take exec action on gun safety—here are 7 actions I'd take as President 
We have a moral obligation to act immediately and aggressively to stop climate change.
RT @ThisWeekInIowa: Miss Sunday's 'This Week in Iowa' with @MartinOMalley? Stream it online here:  …
RT @momimbored: I'm just here making some calls with my favorite presidential candidate @MartinOMalley   …
We should restore cuts to key nutrition programs like SNAP that put food on the table for our children, seniors and veterans.
Watch Gov. O'Malley try to make an honest buck on Wall Street.

RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley meeting every caucus goer and asking for their support to    https:…
RT @ksosanie: Full room ready for @MartinOMalley in West Des Moines this morning.  
Happy New Year!
Just hours left to be on our list as a supporter who joined in 2015. Make sure you’re next:  
RT @Respect_Ability: ICYMI: @WOM_alley talks about his dad @MartinOMalley's record on disabilities   https:…
RT @WOM_alley: .@MartinOMalley killed it on the doors today. Truly gave me a run for my money.  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley's son explains the miniVAN (doorknocking app) program to his dad  
Our outdated immigration laws no longer meet our economic needs, our national security imperatives, or our values as a people.
Will you join our campaign before the end of the year? 
We can’t just sit by and wait for another tragedy to happen again. We need comprehensive gun safety laws to save lives.
There is a lot more that unites us than divides us.

"(Our work) means never slamming our door on refugees who are fleeing genocide and death,” @DMRegister: 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe now!
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming up  @MartinOMalley  
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 7:15 ET to watch the Governor live!
RT @omalleyforia: Happy Birthday Iowa! On this day in 1846 Iowa became the 29th state in our Union.  
We must strive to make our “corrections” facilities actually achieve rehabilitation.
As President, I will establish a national dashboard on overdose and addiction to monitor the problem, and track our response nationwide.
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley is speaking to a packed house at the Des Moines Social Club for the STAR PAC endorsement  https:…
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality.  
Every American should have the opportunity to serve his or her country through national service. 
Great video from our team out in Iowa.  
A very Merry Christmas to all!
A Christmas Refugee Roundup sounds like something @realDonaldTrump would concoct. Remember: Jesus was a refugee child who fled death gangs.
Las redadas q @DHSgov planea en estás fiestas contra refugiados centroamericanos que huyen de la muerte son inmoral. Somos mejores que esto.
.@DHSgov holiday plans for raids to round up/deport Central American refugees fleeing death are wrong. We are a better nation than this.
O’Malley signed the MD Lilly Ledbetter Civil Rights Restoration Act, cracking down on unequal pay for women.
I agree with @StephenCurry30, @CP3 &amp; @carmeloanthony. Gun violence is an epidemic. We need act immediately 
Spent the morning volunteering at @CC_MD with @WOM_alley. A great tradition of giving back during the holiday season 
I'm the only candidate, and hopefully not the last, to put forward a plan to move us to a 100% clean electric grid by 2050.
RT @nhpr: Watch: Martin O'Malley makes a (literal) elevator pitch for NH Primary votes   
's case shows that we need to do more than . We must continue the fight for meaningful criminal justice reform.
RT @omalleyfornh: Days not over -- @MartinOMalley kicking off  town hall in Windham  
RT @kyork20: Candidate day here @Dyn talking innovation economy. Welcome @MartinOMalley to our HQ in New Hampshire! 
.@US_FDA should lift blood ban on gay and bisexual men. A 1 year ban is still discriminatory and doesn't look at actual risk factors. 
Gov. O’Malley has laid out 15 progressive goals to Rebuild the American Dream. Read them here:  
RT @MattSheaff: .@MartinOMalley talking about an economy that works for everyone with a demonstration at Concord High  https://t…
RT @JoJo_Sabine: .@MartinOMalley volunteers celebrating the holidays together. We love our vols!!  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicks off New Leadership Town Hall in Manchester  
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley campaign today! Sign up here:   
…
RT @AVusk: .@MartinOMalley kicks off the barnstorming  tour after the NH debate!   
RT @CNNgo: Fresh off the  stage, catch @MartinOMalley next on . Watch @CNN on  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now @MartinOMalley on CNN State of the Union live from Manchester   
RT @CBSNews: In closing  statement, @MartinOMalley criticizes Republican candidates:  …
Join this campaign now: 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free.

We need to build a firewall between speculative and commercial banking. Only Glass-Steagall can do that: 
RT @PPact: Under @MartinOMalley, MD was ranked by @CAPAction as best state for women based on: economics, leadership &amp; health.   …
Hey @TomSteyer - important message. That's why we have forth a plan to get the  to   
RT @voxdotcom: "I believe we need to focus on defeating ISIL, that is the clear and present danger." — @MartinOMalley
RT @CBSNLive: .@MartinOMalley reaffirms his stance on Syrian refugees at : 
We must continue to be a compassionate and generous people. We must do our part and accept more Syrian refugees. 
RT @CBSEveningNews: .@MartinOMalley on gun control: "What we need on this issue is not more polls, we need more principles." …
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my plan here:  
We must come together and hold true to the values and freedoms that unite us. 
Here we go! Join our campaign now:
 
RT @Lis_Smith: PHOTO: @MartinOMalley addressing house parties across America pre-  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley pumping up his supporters before heading in to ! 
RT @elraymer: Team @omalleyfornh lighting up the night! @MartinOMalley   
RT @maryaliceparks: Martin O'Malley's son is still outside with the crowd  
RT @MattSheaff: Grace O'Malley stops by the the @omalleyfornh viz station  
RT @Lis_Smith: PHOTO: @MartinOMalley doing his debate walk through at @SaintAnselm  
RT @omalleyfornh: Team @MartinOMalley gives a big high-five to @SavetheChildren!  
Let us know that you will be watching tonight!   
RT @CNNSotu: Democratic Presidential Candidate @MartinOMalley will talk to @jaketapper the morning after the debate on  …
Gov. O’Malley passed the Maryland Parental Leave Act, expanding family leave for thousands in the state.
RT @nytopinion: The main problem facing America, according to Martin O’Malley:  
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law.
O’Malley created the Commission on Climate Change to reduce global warming and to prepare the state for climate change.
 to when @brendon310 joined me to stand up for marriage equality in MD AND the @Ravens won the super bowl 
Yes, the politics of higher purpose—that’s what’s always drawn me to public service. 
We filed to be on the ballot in Ohio today. Thanks to Mayor Elkins and all the volunteers &amp; supporters who helped! 
"My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers."

We will never be able to meet our  targets if we build more dirty fossil fuel infrastructure. -O'M (2/2)
Lifting the crude oil export ban will raise energy prices for American families and block our transition to clean energy . (1/2)
Don’t like what you are hearing during the ? Join our campaign now: 
RT @thenyic: RT @StevenOFA: .@MartinOMalley addressing the  caucus at  about basic human dignity @thenyic @AAAJ_AAJC https://t.…
Strength at home is not just about security. It’s about our values. It is about our ability to do justice. It is about our compassion.
The Governor at  
Anyone can talk about it, but we actually did it. Del dicho al hecho hay mucho trecho.
RT @npnewamericans: LIVE on : Martin O'Malley at   
RT @thenyic: meeting w Bangladeshi  @DesisRisingUp, @MartinOMalley hears abt conditions in detention centers  …
The enduring symbol of our nation is not a barbed wire fence it is the Statue of Liberty. 
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan here: 
.@Ted_Strickland signing my petition to get on the ballot in the great state of Ohio. Thanks for your help! 
It is unacceptable that firearms kill more than 32,000 Americans each year.
As a father, the tragedy at  weighs deeply on my heart today. We must enact real gun safety laws &amp; prevent future tragedies.
Let’s pass common sense measures like mandatory gun licensing, waiting periods, and age restrictions. They work: 
Under O’Malley, Education Week ranked Maryland’s K-12 school system #1 an unprecedented five years in a row.
Mr. Trump—when you start your registry of people who oppose your backward, un-American ideas. You can START WITH ME!

RT @Latinos4OMalley: . We are made stronger by including more people, more fully in the economic, social and political …
Now the  needs to do what it does best—lead with action. We need full  transition to clean energy.  
Congrats  on the . The pact sets ambitious goals to fight climate change. As POTUS, I will hold the world to them. -O'M
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
RT @omalleyforia: FROM the FIELD: Join the @MartinOMalley team today!  here:   …
RT @ChicagoHarris: Check out the photo album from our Dec. 3 event, "A Conversation with Martin O'Malley":  https://…
Thanks to @MuhammadAli, aka the Greatest, for speaking against hateful, anti-Muslim proposals from @realDonaldTrump 
RT @nowthisnews: .@MartinOMalley literally stood with Muslims, becomes first 2016 candidate to visit a mosque

That means equal protection under the law. And that means religious liberty for all. (2/2)
The 1st responsibility of the president is to uphold the Constitution—that means no religious test for our president, or for refugees. (1/2)
Leadership is about the courage to call upon our goodness as a people to move us forward. 
We must continue to be a compassionate &amp; generous people. We must do our part and stand up against the hateful rhetoric of @realDonaldTrump.
RT @ziadtheactivist: As an  youth these days I've often been heartbroken. THANKFUL that @MartinOMalley has just filled my he…
We are all in this together. We will always be stronger as one nation. 
Together, inshallah, we will overcome these challenges.
WATCH LIVE: The Governor at the ADAMS Center: 
Meeting scouts at the ADAMS Center mosque. The American flag pole here was built as an Eagle Scout project. 
At 12:00PM ET, The Governor will give remarks at the ADAMS Center. You can WATCH here: 
Don't give a damn abt your thoughts on me. Stop jailing women, children. You subvert our American values every day. 
New Americans have endured the uncertainty and fear of legislative inaction for far too long. My plan:  
RT @GabiDomenzain: LIVE on : @MartinOmalley @puenteaz call to end immigrant detention 
RT @Latinos4OMalley: Hoy a las 5 pm MT: Únanse conmigo y @PuenteAZ frente a la cárcel de @RealSheriffJoe's de la 4th Ave para hacer un llam…
Today at 5pm MT: Stand with me and @PuenteAZ in front of @RealSheriffJoe’s 4th Ave Jail to continue our call to .
Will I take executive action to advance gun safety? Yes—by using federal procurement contracts. Read more: 
An O’Malley admin would immediately extend executive action to safeguard at least 9 million New Americans from deportation.
With over 7,000 signatures, I'll officially be on the ballot in VA. Thank you to all the volunteers who helped. 
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
RT @zytehamel: Students who couldn't fit in room watching from every place they can to see @MartinOMalley talk @UCBerkeley #2016 https://t.…
RT @Cheyenne___M: Welcome to Cal, .@MartinOMalley 
RT @cbrewsayso: "My dad went to college on the GI Bill, my daughters went to college on a mountain of bills!" -@MartinOMalley at @berkeleyf…
RT @berkeleyforum: Our @MartinOMalley event is beginning very shortly! Join us at Sibley Auditorium now to save your seat 
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality. Love is love. 
We must give DOJ the resources it needs. My criminal justice plan would make the DOJ a better backstop for justice. 
Four tough questions from the First in The South Forum.

In 2012, O’Malley signed marriage equality into law—and Maryland became the first to defend this by popular vote thanks to his leadership.
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Hey @AARPNH here’s @MartinOMalley full, detailed, progressive plan to expand Social Security  …
RT @AARPadvocates: .@SpradNH and @MattSheaff discuss @MartinOMalley plans for Social Security.  
RT @DavidRedlawsk: .@MartinOMalley Great nations do not store up legacy wealth by storing cash in a closet. Calls for infrastructure/human …
RT @vogt_for_nicky: "My parents taught me public service is a noble service to others"- @MartinOMalley    https://t.…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley at U of IA: "starting w/ issue of great importance-congrats on going to the Rose Bowl!"  …
Congrats to Trump Hotel workers in Las Vegas who expressed their right to join a union! I stand w/ you now &amp; always 
RT @omalleyforia: Kicking off @TechnologyIowa's tech townhall in Cedar Rapids   
El pueblo de Venezuela alzo sus voces. Hoy es un gran día para la Democracia y el futuro de Venezuela.
The people of Venezuela have spoken. This is a great day for their Democracy and future.
.@realdonaldtrump removes all doubt: he is running for President as a fascist demagogue.
Sliver of good news: SCOTUS OK's assault weapons ban &amp; MD's law will stand. Now let's pass a national ban. 
RT @petejeffries: Presidential Leadership is needed to update  says Gov @MartinOMalley @AARPIA   https…
RT @omalleyforia: Hey @AARP, check out our plan to expand--not just enhance--Social Security here:   #…
Within 35 years, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
Happy Hanukkah to all celebrating the Festival of Lights. -O'M
It is time to stand up for our values and call for the expansion Social Security.  
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050. 
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland. 
.@RealBenCarson's comments abt LGBT &amp; women servicemembers are disgusting. Anyone who can/wants to serve should be able to—openly &amp; w/ pride
RT @ChsDems: The Democratic Party standing strong. Here with @MartinOMalley at a Presidential Town Hall in Charleston SC …
DOJ is wrong. They must stop insisting that detaining mothers and children is right and  
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan here: 
We need a leader who will take a strong stance on an archaic and racially biased practice. We must abolish the death penalty.
I agree—this is a "moral outrage &amp; nat'l disgrace." If Congress doesn't have courage to act, let's use EOs. -O'M 
RT @_keithmorgan: At the DPA Holiday Party. @MartinOMalley meeting with Arkansans and gave a great speech! 
RT @HigherEduSmith: @MartinOMalley addressing issues ranging from higher education, gun control, and other issues at @PhilanderSmith. https…
 to meeting the @DalaiLama with @WOM_alley when His Holiness spoke at the @UofMaryland 2 years ago. 
.@nhpr timeline takes close look at Dem candidates on gun control. Proud to stand up to @NRA, where were the others? 
Thanks to the 1,000+ rabbis who signed this letter. I agree, the US needs to be a moral leader and accept refugees. 
Secretary Carter is moving our military forward. All qualified to serve should be able to.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Miss any of @MartinOMalley's recent NH swing? Take a look at this short recap   …
Call on elected officials NOW to stand up the @NRA. Terror suspects can't fly, but they can buy assault weapons 
RT @ThisIsFusion: Martin O’Malley says San Bernardino rampage might finally force change in gun laws  …
.@URJ @RJCHQ I urge the same - this violence must stop! I am proposing these bold executive actions on day 1 
RT @carl_chirinos: When in  @MartinOMalley @UniNoticias @jorgeramosnews @UniPolitica 
Horrifying news out of . Enough is enough: it's time to stand up to the @NRA and enact meaningful gun safety laws
.@aseitzwald also - birth of the new hashtag, 
Loved sitting down with @TexasTravesty - though I still prefer "eagle" to  
Disgraceful. The House GOP should put safety ahead of @NRA priorities 
RT @ksosanie: Check it out: @AbenaAbraham trains O'Malley Natl Campaign Manager @dave_hamrick for night of  phonebanking https://t…
Excited to speak with @UVA students tonight 
Outrageous--as @POTUS meets w/ world leaders to fight climate change, the GOP undermines US leadership  
America can bring the world together &amp; end the scourge of AIDS. As POTUS, I will redouble HIV research,treatment, &amp; prevention 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley signs the famous fridge at the @ConwayDailySun  
RT @elraymer: .@MartinOMalley takes questions at the Gibson Center in Conway  @omalleyfornh 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley touring Velcro Companies in Manchester  
RT @KristiStL: @MartinOMalley America works best when the left wing &amp; the right wing are both flapping.    https://t…
Let us stand up together, and say, the enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence— it is the Statue of Liberty! 
We must take action, together, to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour—wherever and however we can! 
As Democrats, as Americans, we must not run away from the Obama-Biden record of progress, but to build upon what we have achieved. 
WATCH LIVE: The Governor at the @NHDems JJ Dinner: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley greeting supporters prior to JJ  
Support the candidate who believes in . Sign up now: 
RT @Liam5music: It was a pleasure meeting @MartinOMalley  at the Jefferson Jackson dinner! 
RT @katie_bm: Thank you @MartinOMalley for tickets to the  dinner     …
RT @MikeCroninWMUR: .@MartinOMalley meets w/ supporters outside Radisson before Democrats JJ Dinner   …
Excited for the @NHDems JJ Dinner tonight. Will you be watching?  
Watch me answer a @MoveOn member's question on  
Today in America, one in five children are living in poverty, without enough to eat. This is unacceptable. 
My thoughts and prayers are with those in Colorado. 
Shopping today? Check out  for some cool gear.
RT @omalleyforia: Happy Thanksgiving from the @MartinOMalley team to you and yours! Watch what we are thankful for here: …
What are you thankful for?  
Wishing all a very Happy Thanksgiving.
RT @omalleyforia: ICYMI: The @MartinOMalley team getting ready for last months @iowademocrats JJ Dinner:   …
RT @SuzGamboa: Martin O'Malley Sings Of Farmworkers, Highlights Immigration  
As Governor, O’Malley was selected by his fellow peers to co-chair the NGA’s Special Committee on Homeland Security and Public Safety.
RT @IAStartingLine: ICYMI: A Day In The Life Of A @MartinOMalley Field Organizer 
 
Goal: ensure access to health care for all, increasing the insurance rate to 95% by 2020. Here’s how to do it: 
Every American deserves the opportunity to live a healthy life. My plan for health care in America: 
Thank you @GovSteveBeshear. The federal government must follow KY &amp; MD's lead &amp; restore voting rights to people with felony records.
In 2003, O’Malley was selected by his fellow mayors to co-chair the  Conference of Mayors’ Homeland Security Task Force.
O’Malley stood up for transgender Marylanders, signing comprehensive legislation banning gender identity discrimination.
Addressing climate change is a moral &amp; national security imperative. That's why I'm calling for : 
Support the candidate who believes in . Join our campaign for  now: 
As POTUS I will fight mergers that offshore taxes and jobs, while aggressively enforcing our antitrust laws. 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicking off our first event today in Bedford  
RT @omalleyfornh: In today's Concord Monitor: "@MartinOMalley is type of new leader nation needs"  
Something is wrong w/ today's GOP when a  protester is beaten up at a rally &amp; front-runner @realDonaldTrump says maybe he deserved it.
Thank you for giving names to the nameless.  
Proven prevention and treatment strategies are underutilized. Funding for treatment programs is insufficient. 
RT @GStephanopoulos: Sunday on @ThisWeekABC, I’ll talk to Democratic presidential candidate @MartinOMalley.
Read my full plan here:  
The Governor is about to take the stage at the . Watch: 
RT @scdp: Just now: @MartinOMalley filing for our  primary!   
WATCH: The Governor is on stage now for , 
Goal 9: Reform our criminal justice system to save and redeem lives.   
To honor the one year DAPA anniversary, we'd like to sing you a song. Families shouldn't live in fear of separation. 
As we honor lives lost this yr, let’s end unnecessary detention, fight bullying, expand mental healthcare services &amp; pass  
In times of crisis it's very important for leaders to remind us of the principles that we share as a people, the values we have as a people.
Gracias a @jorgesuarezsena @RepSoniaPacheco, @bianchi2016, @nelsonalcalde16 por su apoyo en @NHCSL.
RT @Morning_Joe: .@MartinOMalley: Obama's leadership is far preferable to rushed and cowardly vote that they had in the House ystdy. https:…
RT @Morning_Joe: How would @MartinOMalley defeat ISIS? The Democratic presidential candidate joins us next.  …
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 8:30 ET to see the Governor.
Tune in to @maddow now to see the Governor!
RT @AnnaMolas: Packed room in  tonight! @MartinOMalley rocked it!  
TONIGHT: Check out the Governor on @maddow at 9:30 ET. 
RT @bpolitics: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley joins  + analysis of latest @bpolitics national polls  …
RT @bpolitics: Coming up at 5pm ET, @MartinOMalley joins  on @BloombergTV  
RT @omalleyforia: We are a generous &amp; compassionate nation. Mayor Taylor is right, we should welcome the Syrian refugees …
Syrian refugees are fleeing the very same violence we saw in Paris. We must stay true to who we are. 
.@realdonaldtrump, America was founded to protect religious freedom. You would destroy it. 
“My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers”

In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland. 
RT @nowthisnews: When it comes to being commander-in-chief of Donald Trump insults, nobody touches @MartinOMalley

We must use the power of the federal purse to advance gun safety through procurement contracts. Read more: 
RT @omalleyforia: Missed @MartinOMalley's new endorsements? Read about all 28 of them here:   …
The @NRA has blocked research on saving lives from gun violence. I stand with those fighting for change. 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free. 
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.  
.@HillaryClinton is right: I do support paid family leave. She should tell the American people how she'd actually pay for it.
We cannot be a moral leader, we cannot be credible on the battlefield, if we shirk our responsibilities on this humanitarian front.
R's turn away refugees but protect terrorists' right to buy guns. I agree with @SenFeinstein—this must end now. 
RT @omalleyforia: Dubuque Auditor Denise Dolan committing to caucus for @MartinOMalley  
Happy to have 28 new endorsements in Iowa!  
This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world religion.

.@ChrisChristie in what world do three-year-olds need to be vetted for anything? This is heartless and unAmerican. 
RT @NicholsUprising: The President is right to reject scapegoating of Syrian refugees. @MartinOMalley is right to stand with Obama. https:/…
They are rejecting our values in the face of fear &amp; ignorance. Keeping America safe and staying true to who we are is not a zero-sum choice.
Republican Governors in 13 states have now called for the rejection of Syrian refugees fleeing the very same violence we saw in Paris. (1/2)
RT @omalleyforia: Packed coffee house for @MartinOMalley with Luther students and Decorah residents at Java John's!  …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley meeting with caucus goers in Decorah   
RT @ksosanie: Full classroom at Wartburg College for @MartinOMalley  townhall.  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking to a room full of students at @WartburgCollege  
Take it from the New England Journal of Medicine @NEJM: Maryland can be a national leader in health care reform. 
“You’ll never hear this from that immigrant-bashing carnival-barker Donald Trump…” 

We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley receives a standing ovation at the Story County Democrats Fall BBQ   …
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality. Love is love. Join if you agree: 
 
Want to be a part of this? Join our campaign now:   
"My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers.” 

"This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world religion." 

RT @MarkHalperin: My short post-debate interview w/ a happy @MartinOMalley on his boffo perf. 
RT @ajplus: In the wake of Paris, here is what Martin O'Malley had to say about Muslim Americans:

RT @WalterDeleonDC: Had fun cheering for @MartinOMalley tonight with friends! Great performance during the  Gov!  htt…
RT @SarahBeckman3: .@MartinOMalley sticking around to shake hands and take pictures with supporters.   …
RT @IAStartingLine: "On to victory, 80 days to go!" @MartinOMalley tells crowd in Beaverdale  
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley doing his bar stool thing at saints thanking volunteers, staff and supporters!  …
RT @SarahBeckman3: Lots of chanting waiting for @MartinOMalley at his after  party at Saints.  
RT @BostonGlobe: Martin O'Malley on the economy during tonight's :  
RT @ItsMollyC: @MartinOMalley Thank you for reminding us there is a human side to war and immigration, not just numbers and rhetoric! Clear…
RT @hankselby: @MartinOMalley was solid at the  tonight. The man never fails to impress with his quick responses and smart soluti…
RT @MSNBC: .@MartinOMalley slams Trump as "immigrant-bashing carnival barker":    …
RT @samgrayia: Solid wins for both @MartinOMalley and @TheIowaHawkeyes!!!
This was our moment. Donate whatever you can right now.  
 
Support the candidate who believes in . Join our campaign now: ​
  
RT @ThisWeekABC: O'Malley calls for debt-free college, notes his daughters went to school "on a mountain of bills."  …
Governor O’Malley took action to freeze tuition at public institutions—and it worked.  
I believe now more than ever we need criminal justice reform. We can &amp; must do better.  
Gov. O’Malley tried to make an honest buck on Wall Street. Watch:  And help him out: 
FACT: Under O’Malley’s leadership, Baltimore drove down crime faster than any other major  city. 
In Maryland, Governor O'Malley put in place the strongest gun safety legislation in the nation.  
What did people say about @HillaryClinton’s Wall Street plan? See for yourself.  
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law.  
My plan starts w/ providing deferred action to the greatest possible number of New Americans. Read more:  
Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now.  
RT @PPact: As Gov of MD, @MartinOMalley signed the MD Lilly Ledbetter Civil Rights Restoration Act &amp; Maryland Parental Leave Act into law #…
  
“A big part of MD’s success comes from a four-year tuition freeze, which Gov. O’Malley implemented.”  
Under O’Malley, Education Week ranked Maryland’s K-12 school system #1 an unprecedented five years in a row. 
A mother of a service member to Governor O’Malley: "My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers.” 
RT @ABCPolitics: .@MartinOMalley quotes a mother of military service member: "My son is more than a pair of boots on the ground." 
Governor O’Malley is backstage prepping for . Tune in to watch LIVE at 9pm ET.  
 
Let us listen to voices throughout the globe that speak of love, unity and peace. 
Heartbreaking news from Paris. Praying for the country and its people. -O'M
This case could destroy Roe v. Wade. As POTUS, I'll fight to defend a woman’s right to choose. 
RT @MamaRedfield: Off to Iowa  time to attend the debate as guests of @MartinOMalley. Honored to stand with this man who's about …
RT @omalleyforia: Tomorrow is the first  in Iowa – RT if you’re watching and rooting for @martinomalley!  
Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now. 
RT @TXDemParty: Full house for @MartinOMalley at tonight's @UTAustin meet and greet. 
RT @TXDemParty: We must have immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship. - @MartinOMalley 
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
We paid for community health instead of volume of care &amp; saved $116M in a year. @NEJM on MD healthcare leadership: 
Gracias a la Familia Ramírez por recibirme. ¡Seguiré luchando por ustedes y todos los Nuevos Americanos!  
RT @MarkW_KVUE: Immigrant mother hands @MartinOMalley two graduation tassels, saying, "These are the dreams of each of my children." https:…
RT @MarkW_KVUE: In Austin today, @MartinOMalley arrives for lunch w immigrant family, talking DREAM Act &amp; 2016 
RT @jrud: .@MartinOMalley is in East Austin eating w/Ramirez family. Parents, Manuel and Adriana, are undocumented citizens. …
RT @JuanSaaa: La familia Ramirez tendrá la oportunidad de compartir su historia con @MartinOMalley  
"I want to thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for standing up to the @NRA more than any other candidate"


RT @overheardpbs: "Have to run on [Pres Obama's] record." @MartinOMalley says. "A mistake if we fail to run on progress made in last 8 year…
Happening now! Tune in. 
RT @overheardpbs: "Breaking up families does not help" USA @MartinOMalley says. "It's wrong, it cuts against who we are as a nation." …
Watch the Governor on
@overheardpbs with Evan Smith:

Looking forward to meeting the Ramirez family &amp; sharing a meal w/ a New American family that can show us how  is good for our country.
Tearing a child from their family is disgraceful. As POTUS, I would end discrimination in adoption and foster care. 
I will provide long-overdue justice for LGBT veterans whose only transgression was being true to who they are. 
Unemployment among post-9/11 vets is 2x the national average—this is unacceptable. We must do right by our heroes: 
Read more about my conversation with @1MagBastard making his way across the country for his comrades:  
Happy Festival of Lights to all who are celebrating in the United States and around the world. 
Here is a picture of my father with his B-24 crew, training in Nevada before deploying to the Pacific.  
Today I called a “Magnificent Bastard” walking across America. Thanks for your service, Jon. We are cheering you on. 
I wrote @IKEAUSA today letting them know I , @UFCW, and every worker who wants to unionize! 
Veterans Day 10 years ago. Last picture taken of my dad &amp; me together. Thanks to all who have served.  
To all of our veterans—thank you. Your commitment, bravery and sacrifice keeps our country safe. -O’M
 
Dear @TedCruz: look it up.  
I raised the minimum wage in Maryland &amp; as Pres. I'd fight to . No surprise, GOP candidates don't agree.  
When civilians sign up for the military, their families sign up, too. Here’s how we can support military families: 
Wall Street can't police itself. My plan will close the revolving door @ the Fed &amp; in DC.  
RT @omalleyforia: O'M FACT: @MartinOMalley created the first VetStat meeting In 2011 to coordinate government response to veterans needs …
Happy Birthday @WOM_alley. Thanks for helping me back then, and thanks for helping me on the trail today. -O'M 
.@lacasablanca tiene razón   deben ser defendidos en la corte suprema. Pronto, millones podrán dejar de vivir con miedo.
.@whitehouse is right to appeal ,  to SCOTUS. We're one step closer to protecting millions of New Americans from deportation.
I support the  and a $15 federal minimum wage. Let's get to $15 however and wherever we can! -O'M
I will provide long-overdue justice for LGBT veterans whose only transgression was being true to who they are. 
Próximo paso: La Corte Suprema. ,  están aquí para quedarse—como presidente ire aún mas lejos.
We shouldn't be building fences nor walls. Our Party should be leading the fight to welcome New Americans more fully into our society. (2/2)
Disappointed to hear that Sec. Clinton still believes in failed policies of the past &amp; that of the GOP front-runner, Donald Trump. (1/2)
I have set a goal to reach full employment for our veterans by 2020. 
 
.@WhiteHouse worked to end veteran homelessness, reducing it by 33% since 2010. We must continue this progress: 
We must ensure world-class health care &amp; supportive services to our veterans. Read my plan:  
This is an important first step by @Seaworld. I urge expansion to all locations—focus on conservation of animals: 
To begin to restore the trust of those who sacrificed for our nation’s security, VA must embrace ambitious reform: 
The death penalty is unconstitutional. As President, I will take leadership on the issue and fight to overturn it.  
America must uphold its sacred trust with our veterans. Here’s how:  
Thank you @re4mimmigration for having me.  I share your passion and commitment to getting  done. Si se puede. -O'M
We need new leadership, principled leadership based on what is best for our country and an economy that works better for all of us.
I’m the only candidate to lay out the actions I would take as President to bring New American families out of the shadows and into the light
In Maryland, we pursued our own DREAM Act to ensure that 36,000 Dreamers could have access to affordable higher education.
During my service as Mayor and as Governor, I always kept a sign from the 1890s on my desk–it says “Help Wanted: No Irish Need Apply.”
WATCH: The Governor live at the Presidential Candidate Immigration Forum with @Re4mImmigration: 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley receives a standing ovation at the Linn County Democratic Hall of Fame dinner  …
Leadership matters.  

National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.   
RT @MSNBC: Martin O'Malley preps for the lightning round questions:  
"We shouldn’t send people in to wars we’re not willing to pay for."  

"What is the most impractical item of clothing that you own?” - @maddow to Governor O’Malley. The answer:  
RT @MSNBC: .@MartinOMalley hits his stride in South Carolina:
  (AP) 
I think the move to for-profit prisons in our country is appalling. I think it’s immoral, and it’s wrong. Watch: 
"We need to wrap the challenge of climate change in the opportunity of more jobs."   Watch:

RT @MSNBC: Can Democrats win in the South? @MartinOMalley gives @maddow his take:   
After a life of hard labor, every American should be able to retire with dignity.  
Quick hug before  . Thanks for always being by my side. 
RT @Lis_Smith: Winthrop students to @MartinOMalley: "you really impressed me tonight." 
RT @218Lov: I'm really warming up to @MartinOMalley, like his message.  
RT @princesskarly11: More I inform myself of @MartinOMalley, the more I like. 
RT @laurawilde100: @MartinOMalley great job. Good to know more about you. @maddow
RT @haleymorris: Miss @MartinOMalley at ? Check out when he talked about his record of : 

RT @mattbai: If you watched @MartinOMalley tonight and were intrigued, here's more:  via YahooPolitics
Pitch in to a campaign about  &amp; getting things done. Give $3 to show you stand with Governor O’Malley: 
RT @GordonRHanson: @MartinOMalley seems like the strongest candidate on MSNBC's Maddow show. @maddow
Law enforcement is at its best when officers work w/ neighbors to ensure public safety &amp; promote the dignity of all people. 
FACT: Governor O’Malley firmly opposes the death penalty, and abolished it in Maryland. @HillaryClinton does “not favor abolishing.”
 
“@HillaryClinton lets big banks off the hook for financial crisis” @bpolitics  
.@BernieSanders called the Brady Bill—a bill requiring background checks on gun buyers—“tokenism,” “pure symbolism.” 
RT @MattSheaff: Fact: only one Dem candidate has actually stood up to the NRA and passed common sense gun safety reform and that’s @MartinO…
Want to be a part of this? Join our campaign for  now:   
I did not allow private prisons in Maryland. I would not allow private prisons in our country either. 
  
Can’t keep up with the accomplishments the Governor is listing? Read them all here:  
RT @youngdems: @MartinOMalley we didn't move out of the Stone Age, because we ran out of stones. We need to take action on climate change. …
RT @omalleyfornh:  
Addressing climate change is a moral &amp; national security imperative. That's why I'm calling for  
Projects like  are bad for our country—and that’s why I clearly opposed it from the start 
RT @crystalthomison: @MartinOMalley"We are moving towards a more connected and generous place" 
"We need to advance the ideas that people can listen to around their kitchen tables &amp; know that Dems are on their side.” 
Starts in 5! Watch LIVE here:   
Don’t miss @maddow &amp; @MSNBC’s  Democratic Presidential Forum TONIGHT starting at 8pm ET. 
RT @CNNOpinion: Why the death penalty needs to go by @MartinOMalley  
"It is time that we, as a nation, abolish the death penalty for good.” Read my @cnn op-ed: 
RT @UniNoticias: .@martinomalley hace las promesas de amparo a indocumentados más ambiciosas de la campaña  https://…
RT @RollingStone: Why Martin O'Malley could be the future of the Democratic Party  
Thanks to @POTUS for getting these done. Read the rest of my plan to find out what's next:  

Clean energy isn't a pipe dream—we must lead on climate change. In MD, we did it: cut greenhouse gas &amp; created new clean energy jobs. (2/2)
I've long opposed  because we know it will exacerbate climate change and extend our reliance on fossil fuels. (1/2)
Did you grab a bumper sticker or car magnet yet? Get one before the debate next week:  
RT @HallieGolden4: Listening to @MartinOMalley sing at an Irish pub! 
The guitar is out! 🎶 
Our fellow citizens in  need our help. @HHSGov must act now for  justice. Apoyo a  en su marcha.
RT @omalleyforia:  to when @MartinOMalley rocked the  with   
I applaud @AGSchneiderman for investigating . I urge other state Attorneys General to do the same. 
-O’M
As President, I would direct the EPA to take aggressive action to limit greenhouse gases. 
We need a leader who will fight for policies we believe in, not follow polls.

We must commit to reduce deaths by gun violence in half within 10 years. Here's how I'd start: 
RT @hardball: O'Malley: Time for common-sense gun laws @MartinOMalley  
Great crowd at our Boston civic tech pitch contest! 
RT @JOMJessie: I've done a lot of pitching, never before to a presidential candidate. Box, checked. cc:@thecabbige @MartinOMalley https://t…
The federal government shouldn’t be involved in gun laws—who said it best? @HillaryClinton or @JebBush? Watch: 
.@omalleyfornh @omalleyforia Funny, all of this reminds me of the time we went to @PitzerCollege. 
.@HillaryClinton wants to go after @JebBush for making excuses on guns. But she did the same thing in 2008. Watch:

Thanks for committing to be a delegate for our campaign in AL, @SarahRudolp. We can all learn from your strength and story. -O’M
You may have heard about my 15 years of executive experience, but learn more about what I did early on in life: 
Today, a gunman can buy 4,000 rounds of ammunition w/out a background check—and the dealer won’t be held responsible. Let’s fix that.
RT @MarcNECN: VIDEO: @MartinOMalley officially signs up to run in the . 
RT @TheBradMielke: O'Malley is the first major candidate to file. "I wanted to be the first Democrat," he says.  …
WATCH the Governor become the first Presidential candidate to file for the New Hampshire Primary. 
RT @Jay1043: .@MartinOMalley helps put the room back together @ the Keene Historical Society after a great event  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Great turn out for our  town hall focused on gun safety reform in Keene  …
It’s about . As President, I would take these 7 executive actions to protect our communities. 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@martinomalley is out supporting @JoyceCraig2015 for mayor at Ward 1 in Manchester  
RT @juliannehing: O'Malley and his stunningly explicit pro-immigrant platform. My latest for @thenation / 
RT @omalleyforia: As team @MartinOMalley hits the doors today, we want to remind everyone to  !  
.@TorreySmithWR I am heading to SF next Monday. I would love to talk more. Too bad we'll be missing @VernonDavis85. Go Terps! -O'M
Let’s put our children's safety ahead of the interests of the @NRA

Find out everything you need to know about where and when to vote here. And go vote! 
6 more hours for Houstonians to unite against discrimination and vote .  protects all Americans.  
RT @UNHStudents: "We are moving towards a more compassionate America." Says O'Malley as he talks about the youth vote. 
RT @merrick_gordon: "We must square our shoulders and take on the challenge of our time and that challenge is climate change."@MartinOMalle…
RT @UNHStudents: "There is a growing economic inequality in this country. A growing injustice." Says @MartinOMalley of the economy …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicking off an actions not words town hall at UNH  
Proud to announce 21 state leadership teams and over 100 Democratic leaders who have endorsed my campaign. 
RT @UNHStudents: Today: @MartinOMalley is at . For full student coverage, follow us on all of our social media accounts!  …
RT @Keniaacc: I support @MartinOMalley because he has the best record on  and is ONLY candidate to propose a plan to keep New A…
Proud to  for expanding—not cutting or just enhancing—Social Security. @AARP 
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—read my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream. 
Let’s make national service and the educational experience of our students go hand-in-hand.  
As Democrats, it is time to stand up for our values &amp; call for the expansion Social Security for all beneficiaries. 
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
 is just one of many steps I would take. Read my criminal justice plan to save and redeem lives: 
Congrats to the granddaughter of our Montgomery County for O’Malley Chair Dolly Kildee for winning the top prize!  
Banning the box is a big part of my criminal justice plan, and I was proud to do it in Maryland. Thank you, @POTUS: 
We took actions to make college more affordable.  
Faced with an opportunity to lead—to bring 11 million neighbors out of the shadows to make the  stronger—@SpeakerRyan chose politics.
We need to expand—not cut or “enhance”—Social Security so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty. 
Addiction is a public health crisis. Let’s treat it like one. 
Within 35 years, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
RT @kcautv: Happy Sunday! Start your morning with . @TimSeamanABC9 sits down with @MartinOMalley at 9  …
RT @rdoconnor: @MartinOMalley working out this morning in West Des Moines. I'm pretty sure he worked harder than me. 
RT @scanthony14: @MartinOMalley playing guitar and singing about Iowa.  
RT @ericlitmer: .@MartinOMalley talking  to a packed coffee house in West DSM.  
RT @JakeOeth: Packed house in Valley Junction to hear @MartinOMalley great fall Saturday morning for coffee and politics  https://…
Check out our Caucus 101 video for Iowa high school students via @IowaSOS: 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
My op-ed from 2007 about why I oppose the death penalty. 
The death penalty is a racially biased and ineffective deterrent &amp; the appeals process is expensive and cruel to surviving family members.
RT @omalleyforia: THE ARCHIVES: @MartinOMalley signs Maryland trans rights bill   
Let's ban the box, restore voting rights to people with felony records, and end the school-to-prison pipeline. 
Up to 60% of people released from jail/prison return w/in 3 years. I will invest in job-training and reentry programs that work.
RT @ksosanie: Coffee and Donuts with @MartinOMalley and a full classroom of students at Morningside College  …
We must rein in Wall Street. Every candidate should commit to these four principles. 
Not a single Republican last night put forward a plan to combat the inequalities in our criminal justice system. 
You didn’t hear the Republicans talking about paid family leave last night. This is long overdue. 
.@maddow to the Governor last night: “You’ve been through the battles” on passing gun safety legislation. 
.@realDonaldTrump, la Gran Muralla China es una maravilla. Construir un muro que nos aísle d Nuevos Americanos no tiene nada d maravilloso.
Thx @Uber_Maryland for bringing these most adorable @BARCS_SHELTER kittens to the campaign today!  
Progress is a choice—our daughters must get the full and equal compensation their hard work deserves. 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley talks with @maddow on how to beat the NRA to pass gun safety laws  
Read more about the family the Governor was with in Colorado yesterday. 
No se trata del salario mínimo, @carlyfiorina. Se trata de un salario justo. Y el gobierno federal debería de actuar. 
It's not about minimum wages, @CarlyFiorina. It's about a living wage. And the federal government should absolutely be involved. 
Not one @GOP candidate has the courage to stand up to the @NRA.  
Catch the Governor on with @maddow @msnbc after this commercial break!
Never thought I'd agree with @GovMikeHuckabee: we need to stop demonizing seniors. Let's keep our promise to them &amp; expand social security.
.@tedcruz wants to talk about contrast between debates? 

How do we strengthen our economy? Bring 11M of our neighbors out of the off-the-books, shadow economy by passing compr. immigration reform.
WATCH: The Governor live at   Rally at the University of Colorado: 
 
Thanks @MamaRedfield for your courage today and every day fighting for . And thank you for your support.

RT @omalleyfornh: FLASHBACK: "Repealing Death Penalty Was A “Major Achievement For @MartinOMalley Who Pushed Hard For It.” …
RT @MomsDemand: We're outside the  in Boulder, Colorado. It's nice to see some familiar faces, like @MartinOMalley! …
I am in search of a very elusive being, and that is a @GOP candidate with the backbone to take on the @NRA. 
RT @adriandgarcia: O'Malley: In these beautiful mountains of Colorado I'm in search of a rare being, which is a Republican with the backbon…
"O’Malley makes gun sense common sense for our country. He is about actions, not words.”  
"We stand with Governor O’Malley because he has proven he can apply common sense gun laws to the state of Maryland.” 
RT @coloradodems: .@MartinOMalley at CU Boulder   
“We stand with Governor O’Malley and what he’s trying to do for this country.” - Sandy and Lonnie Phillips 
Watch LIVE: Governor O’Malley is joined by the Phillips family in Boulder to discuss gun violence: 
I abolished the death penalty in Maryland because it is fundamentally at odds with our values.  
The death penalty is racially biased &amp; an ineffective deterrent. I repealed it in MD &amp; would do the same as Pres. 
Let’s make background checks universal and close dangerous loopholes. Read my full plan: 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley announces 24 new Iowa endorsements!    …
Let’s pass common sense measures like mandatory gun licensing, waiting periods, and age restrictions. They work: 
RT @IQLatino: .@MartinOMalley: One of the great economic strengths of our nation is our diversity   by @ma…
Thanks @AbbyWambach for repping @ussoccer_wnt for so long. You made us proud, you inspired us all. Leaving on a high note ! -O'M
Una veleta cambia su posición según la dirección del viento. Un verdadero líder no. 
A weather vane shifts its position every time the winds change. Effective leaders do not. 
Goal 9: Reform our criminal justice system to save a redeem lives.   
I will not represent Wall Street. I will represent Main Street.

RT @omalleyfornh: .@JordanMeehan crushing the doors in Ward 7 today for @MartinOMalley   
RT @omalleyfornh: Scenes from our  weekend canvass!  
 
.@WOM_alley: Welcome to Twitter! Nice dance moves. -Dad 
As a parent and as a father, I would be ballistic if somebody did that to my daughter.  
RT @allinwithchris: .@MartinOMalley reacts to  video  
RT @Latinos4OMalley: .@MartinOMalley defiende a los  de los insultos racistas de @realDonaldTrump 
—&gt;  …
It’s time to put the national interests before the interests of Wall Street. The future of the American middle class depends on it.
The Governor is on now! Turn on @allinwithchris.
Later tonight the Governor will be on @allinwithchris. Make sure to tune in! 
Tonight! 
Projects like  are bad for our country—and that's why I've clearly opposed them from the start. 
Go backstage with the Governor before the :

It’s time for a change. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@BernieSanders join me now. @HillaryClinton join me now and together we can forge a new consensus for change. https://t.…
It's high time we find our backbone as Democrats and stand up and say "NO" to the @NRA.

RT @IAStartingLine: We'd take the @MartinOMalley IA team in a straight-up fight over any of the GOP operations  http…
Miss the Governor on @Morning_Joe today? Check it out here, and share:  
RT @Morning_Joe: .@MartinOMalley: 'Weather vane switches directions, leaders do not' 
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming up  @MartinOMalley  
Tune in to @Morning_Joe at 8:30 ET to see the Governor!
WATCH: Governor O’Malley’s full speech at the Iowa Jefferson Jackson Dinner : 
Do we want wages to go up and not down? Then let’s pass comprehensive immigration reform now.  

RT @ericswalwell: Proud of my friend @MartinOMalley for his performance and vision at tonight's 
Join the fight—&gt;   
To save lives we must require universal background checks;

we must ban the sale of combat assault weapons. 
Enough is enough.  cc @NRA 
To that immigrant-bashing, carnival barker @realDonaldTrump … 
. @Keniaacc—an Iowa DREAMer—is a fearless advocate for citizenship rights for herself and millions of Americans like her. 
Read more about O’Malley’s 15 goals here:   
RT @Latinos4OMalley: .@MartinOMalley: La injusticia no se resuelve por sí misma. La debemos resolver con nuevos líderes y con acciones. …
RT @iowademocrats: "Our country has come a long way since the Wall Street crash of 2008." - @MartinOMalley at  
  
RT @omalleyforia: : During the recession @MartinOMalley invested in education making MD schools #1 five years in a row http…
We must be fearless about our progressive values.   
We are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place as a country.  
RT @LissandraVilla: "I thank you all for what you do for our country every presidential election," O'Malley tells Iowans. 
O’Malley takes the stage at !  
WATCH LIVE: Governor O’Malley speaks at the 2015 Jefferson Jackson Dinner in Iowa.   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley crowd keeping the energy up during breaks in the program   
RT @Keniaacc: Thankful &amp; honored for this opportunity, DREAMers have fought &amp; earned a seat at this table Thank you@MartinOMalley https://t…
RT @Keniaacc: Minutes away from dining with @MartinOMalley  
RT @Latinos4OMalley: DREAMer y líder comunitaria, @Keniaacc, estará con @MartinOMalley durante la cena .  …
Backstage before being introduced at . 
RT @desmoinesdem: The @MartinOMalley crowd is outfitted with "thundersticks," chanting "he's with us."   …
RT @MamaRedfield: Waiting for @MartinOMalley arrival at the Jefferson Jackson Dinner. At the Governor's !  https…
RT @Keniaacc: Waiting in line to get inside and have dinner with @MartinOMalley   
Watch live at 9pm ET:  
Marching O'Malley to the !  

RT @thehill: O’Malley ‘covers’ Johnny Cash in Iowa; WATCH:  
   
RT @omalleyforia: We Believe. We Strive. We Do.   
Pumped.   
RT @omalleyforia: LIVE on : Iowa JJ rally  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley now singing "I've Been Everywhere" and caters it to Iowa and his campaign trail.   https…
RT @haleymorris: Invoking a little Johnny Cash to warm up: @MartinOMalley kicks off serenade Cc @Trevornoah @TheDailyShow for lyrics https:…
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley supporters loud and proud before his rally performance   
RT @omalleyforia: Ruthless Ruth takes the stage at the @MartinOMalley  Pre-show  
RT @afreedman23: I-O-W-A @MartinOMalley all the way!!!!!    
.@omalleyforia out in full force! (And in some O’Malley store gear: )  dinner  
Team @omalleyforia getting ready for the ! 
RT @clairequestion: Will OMalley hard at work!  @MartinOMalley    
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley team readies their signs for tonight's JJ Dinner in Des Moines   
RT @IAStartingLine: The @MartinOMalley team joins the sign war fray   
RT @mashpolitics: How does @MartinOMalley plan to stand out from Clinton and Sanders at democrat's  tonight?: …
RT @omalleyforia: The guitars out in Osage! A little tune-up in prep for  tonight.  
RT @ksosanie: Great crowd in Osage with @MartinOMalley this morning, talking  ahead of   …
RT @meganspecia: Mini concert from @MartinOMalley at his Osage rally 
Ready for the .   

RT @SeanMcEnerney: Team O'Malley, The Last JJ, Des Moines   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley signs popping up around Vets Auditorium  
RT @iMayaBerry: Watching  share stories of hardship, courage, &amp; hope w/ presidential candidate @MartinOMalley  https://t…
RT @nwarikoo: LIVE on : Gov. @martinomalley speaking now to Arab-Americans in Dearborn about Israel 
RT @AAIUSA: "We've lost 50  and 8 . Some were young w/ everything in front of them. All were sisters &amp; brothers" @Mar…
RT @AAIUSA: "Solving this is complicated. Saving little kids shouldn't be" - @MartinOMalley  
RT @OmarBaddar: Kudos to @MartinOMalley for speaking vigorously against  &amp; anti-Arab prejudice in the campaigns, at @AAIUSA's …
RT @karenwgirgis: .@MartinOMalley: "While we must do everything we can to keep our country safe, we cannot let fear defeat compassion." @AA…
RT @AAIUSA: Full room here @UM_Dearborn to hear from 2016 candidate @MartinOMalley 
RT @AAIUSA: Can't be with us in Dearborn? Watch Gov. @MartinOMalley address the  community now  …
“I believe [O’Malley] is the best candidate to take on Republicans in November 2016.” - @brianschweitzer 
“I’m endorsing Martin for President because I believe he is the candidate that best represents the future of our Party.” - @brianschweitzer
We all know we must act. Let's fix this, together. 
Hearing the news of another shooting at another school in our country surely puts fear in the hearts of parents everywhere. It does in mine.
RT @DavidCamposSF: Thank you @MartinOMalley for your leadership on immigration: David Campos Praises Martin O'Malley on Sanctuary Citie htt…
RT @MamaRedfield: Off to Iowa today by invitation from Governor O'Malley. This man is pushing every other candidate on both sides to get so…
Oremos todos por nuestros vecinos en  mientras se preparan para . Que permanezcan seguros y fuertes.
Let us keep our neighbors in  in our prayers as  bears down. May they stay safe and healthy.
RT @JessicaMCoggins: .@MartinOMalley becomes the first person today to talk about passing comprehensive immigration reform 
RT @Fedbindi: @MartinOMalley  @TheDemocrats: climate change &amp; renewable energy is the greatest business opportunity that has come #…
RT @KCFarrar: If women want to have families they shouldn't have to choose between their kids and career. - @MartinOMalley @DNCWomen …
RT @KatieNiekamp: .@MartinOMalley is getting specific on  and I love it 
RT @JessicaMCoggins: .@MartinOMalley says he is running for President to rebuild the American Dream by closing the wage gap  https:…
RT @cspan: LIVE now on C-SPAN2: @MartinOMalley speaks to @DNCWomen   
RT @KatieNiekamp: .@MartinOMalley "I haven't been around this many strong women since my daughters lived at home."  …
Watch NOW: Governor O’Malley speaks live at ! 
Ya es hora de implementar regulaciones sobre las compras de armas y municiones en el internet. 
Proud to announce 21 endorsements today from Granite Staters.   @omalleyfornh
RT @hollingsjd: @MartinOMalley breaks into song at his Town Hall at CofC! So awesome to be a part of!  
RT @haleymorris: .@MartinOMalley: "when people say the next generation is checked out of politics, i don’t buy it.” @CofC 
RT @ashblackstone: RIGHT NOW: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley speaking at the @CofC about making higher education debt free. https://…
Watch the Governor speak live @CofCBullyPulpit in just a few minutes!  
RT @emilycdeal: 30 minutes until @MartinOMalley takes the stage in Stern ballroom!    
I applaud @POTUS for taking a step forward to ensure our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico are treated equitably. 
Aplaudo a @POTUS por este paso hacia adelante para asegurar que Puerto Rico reciban el trato que se merecen. 
Let’s implement commonsense safeguards for gun &amp; ammunition purchases. My plan:  
Thank you, @vincentsheheen &amp; Boyd Brown for your endorsement and for co-chairing my South Carolina state effort! 
RT @ashblackstone: HAPPENING NOW: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley campaigning at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church in North Charleston. https…
RT @ElizLanders: At Mt. Moriah Church in North Charleston now waiting for a roundtable discussion w/ @MartinOMalley on reducing gun violenc…
Yeah, we're ready for the JJ dinner this weekend. You?  @omalleyforIA

Want to join the Governor at this weekend’s Iowa JJ dinner? Get your ticket today:  
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN @MartinOMalley at the JJ Dinner this Saturday! CLICK HERE FOR TICKETS:   …
RT @kushaanshah: Incredible speech by @MartinOMalley at his  on the power of youth, big ideas, and potential. …
RT @OpenDataNation: Thankful to pitch presidential candidate @MartinOMalley on the potential of  &amp;  @MicrosoftIPC https:…
RT @SustainCreative: @MartinOMalley giving his speech!   
RT @afbarry: "Our diversity is our strength" @MartinOMalley  
RT @tylergray: .@MartinOMalley is the only 'Digital native in the  Our generation needs someone who gets technology'  Via @RepSw…
RT @afbarry: Here @Microsoft listening to  startup pitches with @MartinOMalley - by far the coolest candidate  …
RT @digiphile: LIVE on : Watching @martinomalley 
RT @mob_advocacy: Great  at @MartinOMalley's  event. Great solutions to some very big problems.
Special guest @ericswalwell stopped by our pitch contest! “We have a real digital political leader in Gov O’Malley.” 
.@easyfoodstamps: making government more user-friendly (right now streamlining the app. process for food stamps) 
Thanks @newsuptweets for stopping by! “Making games about the news.” 
.@newmajoritylabs: empowering communities of color to identify &amp; build solutions to their own challenges. 
Nerd-out about student financing? Check out @mpowerfinancing — part of our pitch contest tonight. 
RT @JohnBalkam: Great pitch by @kamanda and @IdealImpact at  competition hosted by @MartinOMalley 
RT @mob_advocacy: Love the @MartinOMalley is doing a  event. All candidates should be talking more about helping . https…
Great pitch from @mosavali! Providing farmers with tools, knowledge and info to improve production and income. 
.@sandboxx allows members of the military &amp; families to send letters from their phone &amp; reconnect with their units. 
Next up: @idealimpact, “the worlds first news-driven social impact community.“ 
First pitch from @opendatanation — using tech to engage the public in civic problem-solving. 
About to kick off our civic tech pitch contest @MicrosoftIPC! 
RT @derwindubose: I’m heading to pitch @newmajoritylabs at a @MartinOMalley campaign event themed around civic tech. Wish me luck! @Halcyon…
RT @newmajoritylabs: Cofounder @derwindubose is about to pitch our venture with @MartinOMalley at the @Microsoft policy and tech center. Sh…
I went  at the Iowa State Fair. Looks like we have the same pair of shades. 
RT @omalleyforia: Coming to the JJ this weekend? Join us for a concert &amp; meet and greet with @ will be taken!  https:/…
I’m hosting a civic tech pitch competition tonight in DC. Join us!  @TechCocktail 
Congrats @davidcamposSF and all who fought to stop unnecessary deportations. Grateful for your leadership! -O'M
RT @RollingStone: Watch Democratic presidential candidate Martin O’Malley cover Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood” on  …
30 years from now, we could be 5 years away from a 100% clean energy powered electric grid.  
.@JoeBiden is one of the most decent, compassionate public servants our nation has produced—I respect his decision &amp; wish him the best. -O’M
My debt free college plan helps students and parents who are already saddled with high interest rate loans. 
'Cause, baby, now we got bad 

RT @bpolitics: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley covers @taylorswift13's "Bad Blood" on   …
Watch the Governor cover a new song for the first time on @TheView.

“O'Malley has a proven track record of delivering on his promises to Latino voters.” 
Congrats to @JustinTrudeau, who is a next-generation Canadian leader &amp; champion of positive  relations. 
RT @vincentsheheen: Come join Governor @MartinOMalley in Charleston 
Cholera has killed 9,000 Haitians &amp; sickened hundreds of thousands more. Victims &amp; their families deserve justice. 
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @MartinOMalley just covered Taylor Swift on @TheView.

RT @TheView: This just happened: @MartinOMalley sang @taylorswift13's  on @TheView! 
The guitar is out! Turn on @TheView now.
RT @TheView: NOW ON @TheView: Democratic presidential candidate @MartinOMalley sits down at the Hot Topics table! 
Tune in now! The Governor is live on @TheView.
S 2146 is a knee-jerk bill based on stereotypes and false claims. Local police shouldn't be forced to do any job but theirs.
RT @TheView: Democratic presidential hopeful @MartinOMalley joins the co-hosts at the table today!  
Sorry about the mix-up. It's easy to confuse @RedHourBen &amp; @iamjohnoliver—they both do blue steel so well.
RT @TheDailyShow: Tonight! Guitar shredding presidential candidate @MartinOMalley stops by.

.@TheDailyShow. Tonight. 
RT @TheView: Dem. presidential hopeful @MartinOMalley joins the co-hosts at the table tomorrow. Tweet us your questions now! …
We need to expand, not just protect, Social Security. Here's how to do it: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley participates in a Presidential Conversation on Education on Concord News Radio Tune in …
Front page of @ConMonitorNews: O’Malley touts plans for gun control, Social Security expansion, debt-free college. 
I challenge the other presidential candidates to support these four gun safety proposals: 
The Governor will be on @TheDailyShow tonight. Make sure to tune in! 
RT @JosephOHern: The commit cards keep on coming for @MartinOMalley in @omalleyforia debate to doors weekend of action!  http://t.…
RT @nowthisnews: Everyone's arguing about who won the debate, but let's talk about how O'Malley's closing statement was truly great http://…
RT @JosephOHern: Another door knocked another commit card for @MartinOMalley!  @omalleyforia 
RT @TheDemocrats: RT if you agree with @MartinOMalley: Our economy should work for everyone.  
RT @shannonrwatts: .@MartinOMalley touting his  in  with local @MomsDemand members 
RT @elraymer: .@MartinOMalley hits up Nashua on last stop of  tour  @omalleyfornh 
RT @KristiStL: @MartinOMalley talking debt free college, lower youth unemployment and green energy.   
RT @Jay1043: Energized by his first national introduction in the debate @MartinOMalley barnstorms NH's Lakes Region  …
RT @omalleyforia: Kaylee, campaign MVP (Most Valuable Puppy) is committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley! Are you? h/t @bcdoheny …
RT @omalleyforia: O'M Fact: in 2014 @MartinOMalley raised the minimum wage across MD to $   …
RT @FollowSamTaylor: An upbeat @MartinOMalley sharing  at Wayfarer Coffee in Laconia! @omalleyfornh  …
Great news. My climate plan calls for an end to Arctic drilling. 
We held tobacco companies responsible for lying about cancer. Let’s do the same for oil companies &amp; climate change. 
RT @FollowSamTaylor: Crowd at Dartmouth eagerly awaiting an  Town Hall with @MartinOMalley !  …
We must rein in Wall Street. Every candidate should commit to these four principles. 
RT @Everytown: This was one of the highlights of our week. 
RT @omalleyfornh: At NHTI @MartinOMalley strongly calls for expanding social security benefits  read his plan …
We are the only country that saddles our children with mountains of debt to go to college.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Fact: @MartinOMalley raised the minimum wage  
RT @ConcordC: .@MartinOMalley: It's fiscally irresponsible to shutdown the govt. It hurts taxpayers and the economy. 
RT @carolynrcooper: .@MartinOMalley discusses what Bipartisanship means to him.   
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley addresses NH Housing Summit in Manchester  
RT @NAHREP: "There is a need to rebuild the hearts of our economic engines of our cities." @MartinOMalley   …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley strongly reiterates his call to expand social security not cut it. 
RT @MarcNo: @MartinOMalley No great country have cut their way to prosperity. 
Here is my plan to expand Social Security, so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty:   (2/2)
I agree with the @ConMonitorNews: Social Security's cost-of-living formula is flawed.  (1/2)
Quick recap of the important topics the Governor spoke about during the . Watch now:

Going purple today to show support for our LGBT youth. Let’s take a stand against bullying. 
New Americans have endured the uncertainty and fear of legislative inaction for far too long. My plan: 
TO: @MarcoRubio. FR:  Military. RE: Climate Change = “Threat Multiplier.”  Update your stump.
Didn’t realize @MarcoRubio is a climate denier. Odd position for someone who talks a big game on national security. 
Moving our electric grid to 100% clean energy powered by 2050 will help bring millions of new clean jobs with it. 
I am not afraid to fight the @NRA. I did it in Maryland, and I’ll keep fighting as President. 
Get your very own campaign t-shirt today:  
The American people need someone who will be on their side.

Let’s live up to our founding ideal: 
e pluribus unum – that out of many, we are one. 
We need to build a firewall between speculative and commercial banking. Only Glass-Steagall can do that. 
Learn more about the Governor, and find out when this picture was taken. Our timeline:  
We’re moving to a more connected, generous, compassionate place, &amp; we need to speak to the goodness w/in our country 
"Martin O'Malley has done more than any other Democratic candidate to earn the NRA's hatred”  @voxdotcom
RT @Morning_Joe: .@MartinOMalley: 'I will not stop talking about gun violence' 
On now! Tune in. 
Coming up this morning, the Governor will be on @Morning_Joe. Tune in!
RT @NewDay: .@MartinOMalley on sparring with @BernieSanders at the : "We have a deep disagreement" on guns. @CNN …
RT @ChrisCuomo: .@MartinOMalley:  valuable for proving there are "more than 2 people" in race: "this is just the kickoff" http://…
RT @IAStartingLine: "@MartinOMalley really surprised me" said one Iowan who didn't know much of him. Iowans reactions in our post: http://t…
RT @NRA: “I proudly hold an F rating.” - @MartinOMalley. And we were happy to give it to you. You earned it. 
Our justice system has reinforced our country’s cruel history of racism and economic inequality. We must do better. 
The game was rigged against Lonnie and Sandy Phillips. It’s time to stand up and act. .

Join the campaign now. We are standing on the threshold of an era of new American progress, &amp; with you, we can win. 
  
As Gov., O’Malley decriminalized the possession of small amounts of marijuana.   
O’Malley passed the Maryland Parental Leave Act, expanding family leave for thousands in the state.  
Under O’Malley’s leadership, Maryland increased renewable energy generation by 41% and grew new solar and wind industries. 
  
W/in 35 yrs, our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs

America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050.   
Want to know more about Governor O’Malley? Check out our timeline on his life &amp; accomplishments:  
If banks are too big to fail, too big to jail and too big to manage, they are too damn big.  
O’Malley’s “role was pivotal” in defending Maryland’s DREAM Act in a ballot referendum in 2012:  
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland.  
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
We need to understand that our country is made stronger by the arrival of New American immigrants. 
The people of our country need someone who will protect the Main Street economy from the recklessness on Wall Street. 
What did people say about @HillaryClinton’s Wall Street plan? See for yourself.  
We have a responsibility to correct the mistakes of our past to prevent another Wall Street crash. O’Malley's plan: 
We need to reinstate Glass-Steagall. 

As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
, and we have a lot of work to do to reform our criminal justice system and address race relations in this country.
We have failed as a country to invest in a human intelligence that would allow us to make better decisions overseas. 
RT @TIME: .@MartinOMalley: "It’s time to stand up and pass comprehensive gun safety legislation"  …
In 2013, O’Malley signed comprehensive gun leg. while the @NRA fought it. This year, they called him a “menace." 
In 2013, O’Malley signed the most comprehensive gun legislation Maryland had seen in 25 years. 

Sandy and Lonnie are lifelong hunters. They lost their daughter to gun violence. They know it's time for actions, not words, on gun safety.
Lonnie and Sandy Phillips lost their daughter Jessica to gun violence. Thousands more lose their lives each year. We must act. 
Read more about the Aurora family the Governor is speaking about on stage at : 
FACT: O’Malley supported &amp; staffed civilian review boards and led Baltimore to police its police. 
O’Malley, drove down violent crime by 41% in Baltimore—the 3rd steepest reduction of any major  city. 
On ? @voxdotcom said “of late, @HillaryClinton is  looking like the kind of candidate who puts polls in front of policy.” 
RT @voxdotcom: "The future is what we make of it. We are all in this together." – @MartinOMalley
We need action to make wages go up again for everyone. Our economy is not money, our economy is people. 
“There is nothing we wouldn’t do to give our kids healthier and better lives.” 
.@CNN  starts now! Watch live on  and follow us here @MartinOMalley for live updates!
A little pre-debate warmup.  
New @JosABank tie: ✔ 
Pre-debate workout: ✔ 
Jam session: ✔
Ready for debate: ✔ 
Let us know you’ll be watching: 
The stage is set. Doing our walk-through at . RT if you'll be watching! 
Just arrived! Ready for . Sign up if you’ll be watching the Governor:  
Tuning in to the  tonight? Let the Governor know you're with him!   
Always wanted an O'Malley hoodie? Now's your chance—today, we launched our store:  
RT @CollegeDems: We’re proud to belong to a party that takes student debt seriously.   
Today is the big day! Let us know if you will be watching the first Democratic Party Debate: 
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
As President, I will put new ideas, bold approaches and measurable results front and center in how we govern. 
Congrats Kathryn! Here's the video our lucky winner received from the Governor himself—thank you for your support!

RT @omalleyforia: ICYMI: @MartinOMalley got a standing O at the @polkdems Fall Dinner last Friday!  
RT @NoLabelsOrg: Thank you for addressing the  Convention, @MartinOMalley 
This  let's celebrate the progress we’ve made &amp; strive to make America a place where everyone can be just who they are.
RT @CNNSotu: .@MartinOMalley on how he is different from Clinton: "It's not about the words, it's about the actions" 
Tune in now to watch the Governor on @CNNSotu.
RT @CNNgo: UP NEXT: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley talks 2016 election on @CNNSOTU, watch live:  …
RT @CNNSotu: This Sunday: A  exclusive with @MartinOMalley days before the first Democratic  
.@RealBenCarson: Stop. It is inaccurate and appalling to blame the victims for the Holocaust. It is not up for debate. -O'M
Check out where I stand on gun safety:  via @BlueNationReview 
RT @omalleyforia: Big applause at the @polkdems fall dinner as @MartinOMalley takes the stage  
Watch me take a ride with @moody in a bright red convertible through the Nevada desert: 
Thank you @espuelasvox for having me! Good luck on your next chapter. 
-O'M
Watch:  
Talking about trade and TPP at a roundtable in Newton. Watch LIVE 
RT @SamanthaJoRoth: .@MartinOMalley joins a roundtable on trade at UAW hall in Newton.   
Above all, if America signs a trade deal, it should benefit the American people. My op-ed:  
RT @CNNPolitics: Fear and loathing with @MartinOMalley    Story by @moody | Video by @AlexRosenCNN  http:/…
No, @JohnKasich. People shouldn’t “get over it”. We should be expanding--not cutting--Social Security. 
Another school shooting last night—the 46th this year. This is madness. We must act now. -O'M
RT @SamanthaJoRoth: The youngest county chair in Iowa, Taylor Van De Krol is officially endorsing @MartinOMalley  @taylorvdk42 htt…
It’s time for America to stop stumbling backward into bad trade deals. My view on our trade policy: 
Necesitamos tu apoyo durante el debate. Organiza una reunión con tus amigos y comparte la visión del gobernador. 
I did not allow private prisons in Maryland. I would not allow private prisons in our country either.
The Governor is on now! Tune in to @allinwithchris.
Gracias, thank you @nhlagenda for meeting with me yesterday. When Latinos succeed, our country succeeds. 
Watch the Governor live tonight at 8:30ET on @allinwithchris. 
Our neighbors in South Carolina are still struggling with flooding. Here's how you can help them rebuild: 
I agree. -O’M 
RT @omalleyforia: TOMORROW at 3PM: @MartinOMalley will be at the Newton UAW hall for a roundtable with Iowa workers. All are welcome! …
Let’s make it possible for every young American to serve our nation through service:  
We must act to . @SenateDems plan is a good first step.  I'd go further: 
As President, I would make closing the gender pay gap one of the most important goals of the federal government. 
Tuning up before I record an original song for our contest winner! 
ICYMI: My letter to @POTUS regarding the Syrian humanitarian crisis. 
.@PFTCommenter No time to meet - big debate coming up. But Joe Flacco is definitely an  .
Leadership isn't changing your position on the eve of debate—it's standing up for the American worker, always. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley doesn't lead by sticking his finger in the wind to see where public consensus is going  htt…
RT @aida_cuahutli: What a pleasure to meet 2016 Presidential candidate, @MartinOMalley!     
RT @NoelCandelaria: .@MartinOMalley, great speech on  at  &amp; our values as a nation of immigrants w/dignity &amp; respect. http…
RT @pitaJ: LIVE on : Presidential candidate Martin OMalley addresses Hispanic Congressional Caucaus  …
RT @cspan: .@MartinOMalley speaks at Congressional Hispanic Caucus (@chci ) – LIVE on C-SPAN3  …
If you slap a bank robber on the wrist, he’ll rob a bank again. It’s no different if that robber is wearing a suit. 
RT @EditorMikeO: National Hispanic Leadership Agenda (@NHLAgenda), Democratic Pres. Candidate @MartinOMalley to Talk Latino Policy http://t…
Back in August, I released my plan to expand social security, so Americans can retire with dignity. 
Proven prevention and treatment strategies are underutilized and funding for treatment programs is insufficient. 
RT @RayRayBowman: Seems to me that @MartinOMalley has the most well thought out and consistent plan for 
RT @omalleyforia: Tateana is dialing to tell people in Charles City about @MartinOMalley's    http:/…
Incarceration is an inadequate—and in most cases inappropriate—for people in need of treatment for substance abuse. 
RT @PeterHamby: Yes that's @MartinOMalley planking and reading his iPad in our Campaign story today 
.@ATFHQ must have the funding and authority it needs to do its job and keep us safe. My gun safety plan: 
Watch @maddow discuss four points of the Governor's gun reform plan.

Goal 11: Reduce deaths from drug overdoses by 25 percent by 2020.  
RT @SEIU1107: @MartinOMalley with @MiFamiliaVotaNV ! 
RT @NVAFLCIO: .@MartinOMalley with  at @SEIU1107 
RT @Jose_Aristimuno: .@MartinOMalley chats with @SEIU members on the need to raise the  to $15 an hour.  …
RT @SEIU1107: "Concentrated wealth at the top with low wages only helps a few." -@MartinOMalley 
RT @BShepherd1107: @MartinOMalley visiting @SEIU1107 members tonight 
We must revise federal law to establish a comprehensive, centralized firearm registration system. 
RT @Culinary226: We finish the meeting with @MartinOMalley with a union hand clap.   
RT @jgillanNews3LV: I am with you to remove excise tax says @MartinOMalley to @Culinary226 on Cadillac tax @News3LV 
RT @ydc226: Great to have @MartinOMalley at the Culinary Health Fund to meet with workers on why healthcare matters to them. …
RT @Culinary226: .@MartinOMalley learns about the Culinary Health Fund and how it supports 125,000 Nevadans.  
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@culinary226 members talking to @MartinOMalley about health clinic/care. Thank you for having us! w/ @ydc226 …
RT @omalleyforia: BREAKING: @MartinOMalley rolls out endorsements from 24 more key Iowa Democratic leaders   http:/…
We must enact comprehensive requirements for gun purchases, including fingerprint licensing. Read my full plan: 
We must use administrative action to require the responsible storage of guns at home. 
RT @KRogers91: &amp; Strong gun violence prevention plan by @MartinOMalley makes me proud to be a dem in this election cycle: …
RT @omalleyfornh: "O’Malley urged supporters of Clinton&amp; Sanders to back his “commonsense provisions” to address issue.” …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley Lays Out Gun Control Plan at  Event  
It doesn't matter who you support in this race—meaningful gun reform is something we should all fight for. 
I'm calling on @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton to back meaningful gun safety reforms: 
My plan will not stop every senseless gun death. But it will ensure fewer families are torn apart by gun violence. 
RT @elraymer: Huge applause tonight for @MartinOMalley's urgent call for gun reform at @SCDCNHDems Fall Social 
Goal: Cut deaths from gun violence—homicides, suicides, and accidents—in half by 2025. 
RT @FollowSamTaylor: "We need to remember that our economy is not money. It is people. And it is all of our people." - @MartinOMalley to SC…
RT @ChairmanBuckley: At the @SCDCNHDems fall event listening to @MartinOMalley  
RT @omalleyforia: Read how @MartinOMalley got this mom engaged in the  again! 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley is back in the Granite State today headlining the Strafford County Dems Fall Dinner. See you there! …
You're damn right I wear @JosABank. Great Baltimore company.   
The business of our government is now the business of special interests.  
Today in America, big-money special interests have taken over elections—it's time we act:  
RT @AVusk: People signing up to meet @MartinOMalley and learn more about his grassroots campaign!  
RT @BobbyBauch: @lksTRIPLETHREAT doing her first canvass shift for @MartinOMalley! She knows it's about   http://t…
RT @MattSheaff: Spending some time talking with voters in Nashua about @MartinOMalley's record of getting things done  http://t.…
RT @Lis_Smith: PHOTO: @MartinOMalley debate preppin'. Make sure to tune into @cnn on Oct 13 at 9 PM! 
.@JebBush “stuff happens”? That “stuff” is innocent lives lost. These are preventable tragedies. We must act on gun safety now. -O’M
 318 is misguided and erodes NC's public safety. I stand with @ncnaacp and all who are fighting to  
My heart goes out to the fallen service members in Afghanistan and their families. You are in our thoughts and prayers. -O'M
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN the @MartinOMalley team this weekend in our :   http:…
Read my op-ed in the @BostonGlobe from July, calling on congress to act on gun reform: 
An 81-person coalition, with supporters of the major campaigns, push for more Democratic debates in  
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Governor @MartinOMalley rolls out great, super-strong plan to fight corruption today! Small-$ funded elections, fight C…
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Thank you @MartinOMalley for the great anti-corruption, pro-public financing plan you came out with today!
Tweets won't stop this. Thoughts and prayers won't, either. Only real gun reforms will stop mass shootings from occurring nearly every day.
My heart is with those who lost so much today in Oregon. -O’M
My plan starts with a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s disastrous Citizens United decision. 
RT @maddow: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley live here tonight for TRMS, 9pm ET, 
I admire your dedication to community service, President Carter. Happy Birthday. -O'M
Read my @Medium op-ed on how we can fix campaign finance, together:  
It’s time for actions, not just words, on campaign finance reform. Read more —&gt;  
@SteveYelich thank you!
@ibrandonlee thank you!
@NickKellySays thank you!
The Governor just sent out an email. Will you answer his call and contribute before midnight?  
@mihiruthere thank you!
RT if you’d rather send @realDonaldTrump back. 
I’ve had 15 years of executive experience where I got things done. Join me if you are ready for . 
@flamingtashhh Thank you! Really appreciate your support.
Have you joined us yet? Commit before midnight to support the Governor’s plan to Rebuild the American Dream: 
Tune in NOW to @MSNBC and watch the Governor talk with @chucktodd.
LIVE at 5:30pm ET—watch the Governor on @ChuckTodd’s new show MTP Daily.
RT @meetthepress: 30 minutes to : @MartinOMalley @ckubeNBC @hmcghee and @charlescwcooke join @chucktodd at 5pET on @MSNBC! http://…
Thanks, @TomSteyer. Read my full plan:  
Last chance to win! You must enter by midnight to be in the running for a personalized song from the governor: 
Thank you, @RepGutierrez. I agree, we need . Congress should pass .
I came out against the Keystone Pipeline over a year ago. Why?

Today, and everyday, I . We cannot let Republicans continue this attack that endangers health care for millions. 
.@pbpost ed: Voters should have been able to hear directly from the candidates by now, answering tough questions. 
There are some decisions that government is no good at making, like those between a woman and her doctor.

I’m tuning my guitar to sing a song for someone. Will it be you?  
.@PPFA provides necessary medical care for millions each year. Join me today and  to show that you .
Take it from @SenJohnMcCain. Or David Petraeus. Or the IC. Or actual interrogators…  
Hey @CarlyFiorina—torture is wrong. It doesn’t work. It doesn’t make us safer &amp; it demeans who we are as Americans. 
A good step. I would universally require this kind of reporting from state and federal law enforcement: 
I believe that the candidate that emerges on caucus night is one who campaigns the way we’ve been campaigning. 
In school I discovered my love of history &amp; how the knowledge of our past can shape the future  don’t have that chance.  -O'M
My answer: Del dicho al hecho hay mucho trecho. The question? Watch:

We can use technology to improve workers’ lives in the gig economy. 
I’ve now visited 40 counties in Iowa. Learn more about our campaign, and join us:  
We need to talk about the issues that are being discussed at kitchen tables across our country. 

RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley signs a pledge card for @NextGenClimate to focus on climate change solutions  …
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley meets his supporters from @SimpsonCollege  
RT @983TheTorch: .@MartinOMalley walking and talking with voters as he makes his way through the Latino Festival.  …
Let me write you a song:  
RT @CNNSotu: Appearing on CNN's State of the Union, @MartinOMalley embraces @Pontifex's call for the global abolition of the death penalty.…
RT @jaketapper: Coming up on @CNNSotu at noon -- @RealBenCarson @NancyPelosi @MartinOMalley and more!
RT @betsy_klein: .@MartinOMalley talks about the Pope's  visit from DSM this beautiful Sunday morning - catch him on @CNNSotu http://t.…
RT @CNNSotu: .@NancyPelosi @RealBenCarson and @MartinOMalley are all on a special edition of  -tune in at 9a and 11a ET …
RT @omalleyforia: Henry County Democrats are on their feet this evening to give @MartinOMalley a standing O!   http:…
RT @ksosanie: Simpson College students for @MartinOMalley.  
RT @omalleyfornh: He led MD to have the #1 rated schools in the country for 5 years - Peter Murphy on @MartinOMalley in Hampton …
RT @omalleyforia: " is the greatest job creation opportunity to come to this county in 100 yrs." @MartinOMalley  htt…
RT @JosephOHern: "This land was made for you and me" Just another day on the trail with @MartinOMalley &amp; @omalleyforia team  http:…
RT @omalleyforia: Talk to one of our organizers like @JoJo_Sabine in DSM to get involved, or sign up online at  http…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley talks immigration reform in Oskaloosa: "In our country, there's no such thing as a spare American." http:…
RT @OskyNews: @MartinOMalley takes questions at a town hall meeting in @OskaloosaIA 
RT @omalleyforia: "This planet is worth saving." @MartinOMalley tells crowd about his plan for 100% clean energy by 2050  …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley has arrived at a packed @smokeyrow in Oskaloosa!   
RT @omalleyfornh: MD County Commissioner Peter Murphy is in Bedford to talk about @MartinOMalley's record of getting things done …
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley, as usual, just gets guitars handed to him at events  
RT @SarahBeckman3: Seems like a good chunk of the crowd are people who have met @MartinOMalley before, want to hear more.  http://…
RT @JakeOeth:  @ DSM Farmer's Market w/ @MartinOMalley  talking about his progressive record and getting things done! …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley telling crowd of ~120 @DTFarmersMarket that our economy is not money, our economy is people  htt…
RT @ksosanie: Woman to @MartinOMalley: "I really like what you've done on min wage &amp; gun control. Those are big for me"  http://t.…
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley working the Farmers Market crowd in Des Moines  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley chats about local produce with Iowans at the DSM Farmers Market this morning  …
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley starting day at Des Moines Farmers Market. Then on to Oskaloosa, Albia, Mount Pleasant.  http:/…
RT @SarahBeckman3: .@MartinOMalley is set to speak at the downtown Des Moines Farmers Market in a few minutes.  …
Somos un país generoso y compasivo, pero nuestras políticas se están quedando cortas con nuestros valores.  
Have you taken our  poll yet? 
RT @latimespolitics: Ahead of next month's Democratic debate, @MartinOMalley talks immigration with @katelinthicum  h…
RT @omalleyforia: Live in Oskaloosa? Come meet @MartinOMalley tomorrow at the @SmokeyRow Coffee Bar at 12PM   http:/…
Goal 5: Put 11 million new Americans on the pathway to citizenship through comprehensive immigration reform  
La causas raíz de la crisis humanitarias son complejas, pero ayudando a los refugiados no lo es. 
Take our poll! Do you agree we need more than four Dem. debates before NH/IA to counter hateful Republican rhetoric?
Another great step toward  action, with @POTUS leading the charge toward  
RT @SBSunPhoto: @MartinOMalley former Governor of  and 2016 presidential candidate, visited @pitzercollege today. …
RT @haleymorris: "Let me be clear," @MartinOMalley  tells @pitzercollege, "I am against for-profit prisons" &amp; draws biggest applause of the…
RT @cmcforum: "Wherever you start in our country, through your own determination, grit, and drive. You should be able to get ahead." 

-Mar…
Packed room @pitzercollege. Watch the live stream now!   
RT @haleymorris: Selfies going strong w/ @MartinOMalley at @pitzercollege! 
Watch LIVE as the Governor speaks with students and community members at @pitzercollege:  Thanks to @pzsenate!
RT @AnnieGreaney: Packed house here @pitzercollege for the @MartinOMalley speech. #2016  
RT @CNNSotu: .@MartinOMalley will join @jaketapper for an exclusive interview on  to talk @Pontifex, 2016, and more. …
Gracias Sophie for your courage &amp; letter to @Pontifex. As POTUS, I’ll act immediately so families stay together. -O’M 
I think it’s party malpractice for us to allow these Republican debates to go on without us answering. @Salon: 
RT @HuffPostPol: Pope Francis calls on Congress to take "courageous actions" on climate change  
Goal 8: End childhood hunger in America by 2020.   
Here's wishing a joyful  to American Muslims celebrating across our great nation—where you can be anything you want to be. Mubarak
A very Happy Birthday to the poet laureate of the American Dream, 
Bruce @Springsteen. -O’M
The United States should heed Pope Francis’ call by welcoming no fewer than 65,000 Syrian refugees next year. 
RT @omalleyforia: MEET @MartinOMalley this Saturday throughout Iowa:    
Katie and I wish a safe and easy fast to those gathering across America, Israel, &amp; the world to observe Yom Kippur. -O'M
Leadership is about forging public opinion, not following it. On , @HillaryClinton has followed. (2/2)
I oppose  because it's bad for our environment and we need to move to a clean energy future. (1/2)
RT @omalleyforia: WATCH @MartinOMalley talk with @mitchellreports about @Pontifex historic trip to the US.   https:/…
A warm welcome to the United States, @pontifex. Such a blessing to have you visit our country. ¡Bienvenido!
Great wrap up of my day at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention. 

RT @WomenBelong: Just received this note from former MD Gov &amp; pres candidate @MartinOMalley. Thanks for supporting ! http:…
Know someone who needs to register?   
Tune in NOW to watch live.   @mitchellreports @MSNBC 
Los refugiados no eligen emigrar, ellos huyen para salvar sus vidas. 
Refugees don't choose to migrate; they flee to save their lives. 
Tune in to @mitchellreports at the top of the hour to hear from the Governor. 
Goal 2: Generate 100% of American electricity with renewable energy by 2050.   
Pope Francis' visit calls for a reflection on our nation's obligations, priorities. My op-ed: 
Thrilled that @GabiDomenzain &amp; @Jose_Aristimuno are part of HuffPost's "40 Under 40: Latinos in American Politics" 
RT @NCRonline: .@MartinOMalley Martin O'Malley provided commentary to NCR on Francis'  visit  …
“CitiStat was a huge success. It went national, and now CitiStat is being used by cities all over the United States” 
The Republicans can have their anger and fear, but that never built a great country.

Before NHDP Convention: "Martin O’Malley energized a couple of hundred supporters Saturday morning” @NH1News 
RT @kramer_ben: Great to see @MartinOMalley on Cedar Rapids Gazette front page this am! Join team @omalleyforia today!  …
It’s sad to see the party of Lincoln being led by candidates who choose bigotry against Muslim-Americans over “united we stand.”
American people are better than latest Trump/Carson/GOP anti-Muslim bigotry.  Hate is not an American value. 
¡Felicidades a Don Francisco por su exitosa carrera! Por 53 años @SabadoGigante vivió en nuestros corazones, y ahí seguirá. 
RT @LateNightSeth: Why we really watch the . 
Snapshot from Instagram. Are you following the Governor yet?    
RT @ServiceNationNH: Thank You @MartinOMalley for referencing expanding national service at @NHDems Convention!!   http:…
.@DropkickMurphys Thanks! Come play a tune with me next time I'm in Boston? -O'M
RT @DropkickMurphys: Heard Presidential candidate @martinomalley used our music today. It's nice to have a guy who stands up for working pe…
Join us today if you agree:     
RT @omalleyfornh: The enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence—it is the Statue of Liberty.   http://…
RT @pretcap: @MartinOMalley giving one heck of a speech ---&gt; 
Yo soy el único precandidato presidencial con quince años de experiencia ejecutiva.  
RT @caseymcdermott: .@MartinOMalley elicits applause when he hits notes on economic inequality: raising minimum wage, OT pay, equal pay, su…
RT @Telegraph_Chris: It didn't take too long for @MartinOMalley to win over this NH convention crowd. 
Whether we give our children a future with less opportunity or more opportunity is, too, a choice.  
RT @omalleyfornh: We froze college tuition four years in a row to make college more affordable for more families.  …
This is about us. We the people.   
RT @omalleyfornh: Our nation needs , not new divisions.   
RT @janeinak: Martin O'malley 
RT @Eva4organizing: It is @MartinOMalley time at NHDC!!!!! 
HAPPENING NOW: Gov. O’Malley speaks at the New Hampshire State Convention. Watch:   
@ASAP_Morgy glad you could make it!
RT @ASAP_Morgy: We are thankful to @MartinOMalley and his campaign for getting us tickets to the   
RT @omalleyfornh: Tune in at 11:20am to see Gov. O'Malley speak LIVE at the NH State Convention!   http://…
RT @vogt_for_nicky: "I'm supporting @MartinOMalley because he's already accomplished what I want in his own state"   ht…
RT @AliceOllstein: .@MartinOMalley tells a small NH crowd about his progressive record on immigration, death penalty &amp; min. wage.  htt…
RT @danmericaCNN: O'Malley walks with supporters to the NH Democratic Convention. 
RT @ABCLiz: "Give me an O! Give me an Apostrophe!" @MartinOMalley supporters chanting outside 
RT @caseymcdermott: .@MartinOMalley's here to rally the crowd — echoing call for more debates, decrying "carnival barker" Donald Trump. htt…
RT @MollieByron: Thanks to Claire for stopping by our @omalleyfornh booth to talk about why she supports @MartinOMalley  …
RT @BUCollegeDems: Dems up bright &amp; early to travel to  and meet @MartinOMalley 
RT @mattcorridoni: The @MartinOMalley geotag on @Snapchat is the best thing about social media right now    http…
.@omalleyfornh out early for the campaign! Excited for the convention!  
RT @vogt_for_nicky: .@tuftsdems join us for the  convention @MartinOMalley  
.@chrislhayes - I’m in. How about you  @BernieSanders, @HillaryClinton, @lessig, @JimWebbUSA, @LincolnChafee?
Thanks @NancyPelosi for joining the call for more debates.  
RT and join me if you agree the United States should accept 65,000 Syrian refugees—it’s the right thing to do. 
Unlike the hateful words you heard at the , I would warmly welcome 65,000 Syrian refugees. 
Shame on you, @realDonaldTrump. “Muslim” is not a slur. You cannot scapegoat your way to the presidency. -O'M
RT @omalleyfornh: Come meet @MartinOMalley before the NHDP Convention!  
Gracias  for having the courage to share your stories across the  Estamos con ustedes. 
It’s Party malpractice to allow Republicans to continue to debate &amp; not let Americans hear from us.  
RT @NicholsUprising: 24M watched 1st R debate.
23M watched 2nd R debate.
Viewership of D debates so far: 0.
@MartinOMalley is right: This i…
¡Feliz Día Nacional de la Ciudadanía! Hoy celebramos a nuestros nuevos ciudadanos y a todos aquellos que necesitamos sacar de las sombras.
On this , let’s celebrate the diversity and contributions  add to our country.
RT @BrandonRittiman: Now: @MartinOMalley says he'd use executive action to reschedule  as sched 2, "not there yet" on full legali…
LIVE on : Apologies for the technical difficulties; Denver marijuana listening session is back up and run… 
LIVE on : Tune in to join me for my marijuana legalization listening session in Denver 
I’ll be on @JDBmsnbc this morning at 10:30am ET with @jdbalart. Tune in! 
Hoy a las 10:30am ET estaré en @JDBmsnbc con @jdbalart. !No te lo pierdas! 
We just sat through hrs of —from bad economic policies to racism. &amp; @TheDemocrats? Crickets.  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley grew MD's Renewable Generation Capacity by more than 56%    http://t.…
Lo que se escucha en el  son ideas del pasado y retorica racista.   
On a Democratic Party debate stage, Governor O’Malley will welcome New Americans, not insult them.  
When SCOTUS upheld marriage equality as a human right, Governor O’Malley was there—&amp; got it done in MD.  
Refugees are escaping unimaginable war 
&amp; famine. Governor O’Malley would welcome them with open arms.  
All you’ll hear on the  stage is racist rhetoric &amp; backward ideas.   
RT @vogt_for_nicky:  not GOP hate.  @MartinOMalley @thedemocrats 
RT @Lis_Smith: .@MartinOMalley campaign manager Dave Hamrick fires up Dems of all stripes for  
RT @MollieByron: .@MartinOMalley Campaign Manager Dave Hamrick rallying the  troops in front of the DNC  http://t.…
Spotted outside @TheDemocrats headquarters.  
RT @GVHLive: Protest outside @TheDemocrats HQ on Capitol Hill. Most are @MartinOMalley supporters.  
RT if you agree  
Loud, chanting crowd at the @allowdebate  protest outside @thedemocrats headquarters. 
.@IStandWithAhmed Ahmed, you will be a fine engineer one day. Please do not let this incident hold you back.  -O’M
24 million Americans tuned in to the last . Tonight is their second debate. When will Americans hear from our Party? 
We have a responsibility as a moral leader of nations to step up in the face of this humanitarian crisis. 
RT @UniPolitica: El precandidato @MartinOMalley pidió en una carta a @POTUS que EEUU acepte a más refugiados sirios  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Hey NH check out this message from @MartinOMalley  
Don't forget! @LateNightSeth starts at 12:35 ET.

Tune in for a great show with the Governor.
RT @sethmeyers: Tonight:  Josh Brolin, @MartinOMalley and @JuddWinick!   Plus Back in My Day!
Tonight! The Governor will be on @LateNightSeth. Check it out!
The Governor is going to be on @MSNBC at 6:15. If you're able to, tune in! 
"I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of other mothers and fathers losing their kids to guns.”  via @Newsweek
"Over eight years as Governor of Maryland, he put in place one of the strongest packages of gun control of any state” 
Join me in celebrating  &amp; showcasing the talents &amp; contributions Latinos add to our country. 
¡Celebremos juntos el Mes de la Herencia Hispana! Las contribuciones de los Latinos son vitales para nuestro pais. 
Fixed. RT @NRA Martin O'Malley's plan to "restore the American Dream" includes a gun registry. 
RT @CSGV: .@MartinOMalley Calls for Cutting  Gun Deaths in Half in 10 Years     
RT @PPNHAF: "I believe there are some decisions govt is no good at making, including a women's healthcare decisions." @MartinOMalley on @dr…
Excited to be on the @drshow live at 10  Watch the live stream:  
Law enforcement must have the tools required to ensure gun safety and hold bad actors accountable. Read my plan: 
Domestic abusers can still easily purchase and own guns. We need to do more to save lives:  
RT @MomsDemand: Yet another presidential hopeful has signed on to support ! @MartinOMalley 
This is too important to hold off any longer. We need reform now. My op-ed via @CNNOpinion:  
RT @NRA: .@MartinOMalley calls for a national gun   
RT @ColinDaileda: O'Malley laid out basics of this plan: , now others telling their stories, talking advocacy. http:…
RT @ColinDaileda: Ella Thomas and Juanita Morgan, left to right, are both at the gun control panel. Both lost sons to gun violence. http://…
RT @ColinDaileda: At a Gov. Martin O'Malley roundtable in NYC where he's talking about the gun control plan he'd implement as pres. http://…
.@ScottWalker No. This would hurt families across America. If we want wages to go up, we must make it easier to join unions—not harder. -O'M
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan:  
Wishing all a happy and healthy new year this . L’shanah tovah. -O’M
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@ElUniversal: @MartinOMalley's Director de Prensa Hispana, @Jose_Aristimuno!   http://t…
.@leopoldolopez + other Venezuelan political prisoners should be released immediately. No room for this repression in our shared hemisphere.
It was a pleasure traveling to Storm Lake and talking with Lorena from @laprensaiowa. Gracias! 
"O’Malley’s stance is consistent w/ his advocacy last summer on behalf of unaccompanied minors from Central America" 
.@DMRegister’s editorial is spot on. The  needs to welcome more Syrian refugees. 
We should always remember the importance of the values we share together. We must never forget.
We recognize and thank those brave individuals who defend us each and every day.
Today, we remember the courage of the first responders and ordinary citizens who gave their lives to save others.
On this day in 2001, we mourned as a city, a state, and a nation. Today, we remember those who lost their lives in the attacks.
RT @eegorman: A little rain won't keep these Philadelphians from @MartinOMalley !   
RT @BrendanMcP: .@MartinOMalley playing lead guitar &amp; singing classic Irish pub songs? Yes please! 


RT @allinwithchris: .@MartinOMalley on refugee crisis: "We have to act like the good and generous and compassionate people we are" http://t…
Debemos ayudar a los mas necesitados: de  hasta , y en EEUU a refugiados que encarcelamos. 
Tried to make an honest buck on Wall   @ijreview
Every day that passes we have more &amp; more voicing their concerns about @TheDemocrats exclusivity. How many will it take? 
Thanks @democracynow for hosting me this morning and for the great conversation! -O'M 
Watch on TV or listen on the radio! The Governor will be on @democracynow live at 8:10 ET. 
Tune in to @Morning_Joe now!  
Good morning! The Governor will be on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Don't miss it.  
.@chrislhayes and that's why .
Thanks @TulsiGabbard @R_T_Rybak for echoing the call of so many in our Party.   
I totally agree. . 
Turn on @allinwithchris now to see the Governor!  
Are you watching @allinwithchris? I'll be on to talk with @chrislhayes. 
Make sure to watch @allinwithchris tonight. 
RT @ComeHereSayThat: Get to know presidential candidate @MartinOMalley and his daughter Grace: 
RT @bpolitics: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley weighs in on @JebBush's tax plan, and much much more   …
El Partido Demócrata seguirá llevando a nuestro país hacia adelante con ideas progresistas y audaces. 
RT @omalleyfornh:  
NH Democratic leaders @mfclark @LouDallesandro &amp; @SenatorHosmer join the  call.  
What to do about the root cause of this humanitarian crisis may be complex, but helping refugees is not:   @USATODAY
The world is in the midst of a nearly unprecedented global refugee crisis. Our nation must do more. Read my op-ed: 
Our Party will be the one to lead our nation forward with bold, progressive ideas. Join us if you agree: 
RT @SenatorHosmer: More debates = Stronger Democracy :DNC debate rule hurts Democrats and the country | New Hampshire  …
"Getting things done." I keep hearing this phrase on the road. Learn more about my 15 years of getting things done:

RT @omalleyforia: “Democratic presidential hopeful @MartinOMalley brought a strong pro-labor message to Iowa City on Labor Day” …
RT @CNNPolitics: .@MartinOMalley on refugee crisis: "For us to sit back and do nothing  is morally indefensible" 
Add your name if you agree with the Governor: the  should accept more Syrian refugees  
Tune in NOW as Governor O’Malley joins @jaketapper live!   
Coming up live on @TheLeadCNN with @jaketapper. Tune in! 
Yet another leader saying . I agree with Peter, @TheDemocrats should remove themselves from the process.

RT @omalleyfornh: Pete Burling raises some interesting questions for the DNC  
“Democratic presidential hopeful Martin O'Malley brought a strong pro-labor message to Iowa City on Labor Day” 
“I drove 100 miles to see him. I wanted to see him in person, and the trip is worth it.”   
RT @ksosanie: After a very successful Labor Day wkd with @MartinOMalley, @JakeOeth coloring in 4 new counties on the  map http://t…
RT @shannonrwatts: .@MomsDemand in  asking candidates where they stand on . Thank you @MartinOMalley for supporting Moms! htt…
Gracias a todos los trabajadores cuyo empeño y labor, nos hacen un gran país. Seguiré luchando por ustedes. 
RT @DavidRedlawsk: .@MartinOMalley giving a rousing labor speech, raising minimum wage, living wage, collective bargaining.  http:…
RT @omalleyforia: "Let's raise the minimum wage however and whenever we can." - @MartinOMalley    …
RT @omalleyfornh: 90degrees couldn't deter @MartinOMalley's marchers Special thanks to Will &amp;Grace O'Malley for joining us!  htt…
Way to go @POTUS. I will defend and expand this rule. No one should have to work when they're sick or need to take care of family.
Thank you to all who work day in &amp; day out to make our economy prosper. I will continue to fight for you: 
The American worker has helped build this country. Happy —thank you for all the progress you have made to improve our nation. -O’M
RT @omalleyfornh: Will and Grace O'Malley repping their Dad at the NH Labor Breakfast!  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley taking questions in Anamosa    
RT @omalleyforia: Peter Riley, is supporting @MartinOMalley because of his commitment to equal justice to all Americans.  http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking to  in Tipton about rebuilding the    http://t.…
We must continue to be a compassionate and generous people. We must do our part and accept more Syrian refugees. 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking at the AFL-CIO Clinton Labor Picnic    -CIO …
Join me in calling for the  government to do more to address this humanitarian crisis.  
.@Pontifex has called for moral leadership, for empathy and action during this refugee crisis. He is right: 
RT @omalleyforia: Read about @MartinOMalley's visit to @ConfluenceBrew in the @DMRegister:  
RT @IAStartingLine: Big crowd of maybe 250 here at @ConfluenceBrew for @MartinOMalley at Pints &amp; Politics  
RT @carleegriffeth: Huge cheers for @MartinOMalley as he stumps from a chair to a very crowded room at @ConfluenceBrew  …
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley shaking hands in a packed crowd at Confluence Brewing Company tonight. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Will and Grace O'Malley talking  over pizza at St. A's!  
RT @ksosanie: Boone woman yells out mid-speech to say "nice job" to @MartinOMalley in standing up to @TheDemocrats on . …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley talking his progressive record &amp;  to full house now in Ogden today   http:…
RT @SarahBeckman3: One @MartinOMalley supporter at the Ogden event says he drove 100 miles to hear O'Malley speak, wouldn't miss him. …
RT @omalleyforia: While you're enjoying , get ready: 
  
RT @ksosanie: Kicking off the Labor Day weekend AFSCME townhall with @MartinOMalley in Altoona  
RT @omalleyfornh: Portsmouth is excited about ! Great to have Grace O'Malley here to help us spread the word!  htt…
RT @omalleyfornh: Will O'Malley talking  in Keene  find out more  
Read a great recap of my recent trip to San Francisco and all of our civic tech events on @Techcocktail: 
RT @Pawn4CYNH: It was great to hear @MartinOMalley appreciate our @americorps members on their choice of @nationalservice ! …
RT @CityYearNH: Today @MartinOMalley accepted a uniform piece from one of our awesome staff members @PotterPowerCY ! 
RT @CityYearNH: @MartinOMalley thank you for visiting our office &amp; appreciating our 70 @americorps mem. on the service they provide. http:/…
RT @omalleyfornh: Chris Potter of City Year NH inspired by @MartinOMalley and gives him his City Year Jacket  …
RT @MSNBC: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley meets with education group in Manchester, New Hampshire: 
RT @bivonajohn: "In Maryland we expanded voting rights to more than 52,000". @MartinOMalley   
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley: "national service is a key component for cutting youth unemployment."  
RT @CityYearNH: Excited to have @MartinOMalley speaking on National Service and education! 
RT @kailanikm: Martin O'Malley chats with students and the presidential selfie girls at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester. …
Watch LIVE as Governor O’Malley discusses his debt-free college plan:  
We as a compassionate people must do more to help those who flee war and famine. 
RT @bivonajohn: .@martinomalley Kicking off the day in Salem! Thx to the Salem Dems and Salem Chamber for hosting.   http:/…
RT @bivonajohn: .@MartinOMalley in Salem "the enduring symbol of our country is not a barbed wire fence, it's the Statue of Liberty" http:/…
RT @vaughnFNC: .@MartinOMalley touts record as gov:I'm the only candidate running in our  has actually done these things http:/…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley arrives at Salem Chamber to talk    
Every American should have the opportunity to serve his or her country through national service. Here’s how to do it: 
RT @NotiUno: HOY 10am: Carmen Jovet entrevista al precandidato demócrata, Martin O'Malley por @NotiUno 
 …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley is back in the Granite State today talking    …
RT @RachelPoliner: Impressive plans from @MartinOMalley re econ justice, college debt, clean energy, voter access. Good eve @ Doyle's. http…
RT @zytehamel: Huge crowd 2 see @MartinOMalley in Boston tonight! Thx to Councilor Matt O'Malley for hosting us.  …
RT @Editor_JMike: Large turnout at @MattOMalley 's meet &amp; greet for Gov Martin O'Malley at Doyle's 
RT @BosPublicRadio: Did you miss @MartinOMalley on BPR? Have no fear, the internet is here: 
Yo estoy listo para debatir en Septiembre. Apóyame y firma tu nombre:  
 to 2008 when @HillaryClinton agreed . Will she join us now? 
"A growing number of party activists, from NH to IA, are voicing concern about the DNC’s plan to hold six debates". 
RT @shirazita: .@MartinOMalley joins @jimbraude and @MargeryEagan on @BosPublicRadio - tune in right now on  
RT @BosPublicRadio: Former Governor of Maryland, Mayor of Baltimore, presidential candidate @MartinOMalley joins us now …
Too many applicants are denied the opportunity to participate in national service programs. Let’s fix that: 
Young professionals out in full force to hear the Governor speak  
Using @fema corps as an example, we need to develop new federal service corps.  
RT @MBrownCY: .@MartinOMalley pledges to fully fund @AmeriCorps &amp; provide a half million service opportunities by 2024. …
RT @ComeHereSayThat: We're with @MartinOMalley today and we want your questions! Tweet us using  and see his answers on the …
 can be more closely connected to the educational experience.  
RT @ChrisRedfern419: Plan by @MartinOMalley to hike size of @americorps would help Lake Erie watershed. Dramatic investments in sewer upgra…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@ServiceNationNH thanks @MartinOMalley &amp; talks about his plan to expand national service opportunities
…
RT @zmaurin: Inspired by @MartinOMalley's bold natl service plan, growing @AmeriCorps from 80k to 500k on path to 1M 
We need to fully fund then double @AmeriCorps to provide 500,000 service opportunities. My plan for National Service: 
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.   
Unlike @RealBenCarson, I am working with vets across the country on a plan that is worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Apparently @RealBenCarson didn’t talk to vets for his vets plan. We should fight for vets, not cut care: 
“A gutsy &amp; fiery O’Malley chastised the DNC … for limiting the party’s presidential primary debates to just four.” 
Our Party will bring us forward, but only if we can present &amp; debate our ideas.   
RT @ChouBenjamin: And another supporter from @IowaStateU for @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley  
RT @WVFDW: "Whether or not we make the American Dream true again for all American families is up to us.” -@MartinOMalley 
"Speaking to a crowd of just over 200, O'Malley hammered on the need to make the economy work for everyone." 
Happy to say I have made the most stops in  among the Democratic candidates. I’ll see you again this weekend. 
We must make our case and let the people decide. 

"My wife Elinor and I are endorsing Martin O’Malley to bring back that 'great prosperity’" - Berkley Bedell  
RT @johnbrisini: .@MartinOMalley Completely support what you're doing! Dems need a robust primary. It's not all about one candidate!…
O’Malley drew long bursts of applause from the Grinnell crowd 
RT @omalleyforia: 300+ people are packed into 's backroom to hear @MartinOMalley speak on middle class values  …
RT @CYDiowa: Governor @MartinOMalley talked renewable energy, better policing practices and affordable college in Grinnell today …
RT @BMcGrizzly: It's raining commit to caucus cards here in Grinnell!  @ Grinnell College 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley stays until the last question is answered – meeting every caucus goer!   http://…
RT @LouieLumber: "I've restored voting rights to 50,000 people in our state" - @MartinOMalley    …
RT @omalleyforia: "Corporations are not people!" - @MartinOMalley     
RT @983TheTorch: .@MartinOMalley says we only have two paths now: "A sensible rebalancing, advancing the common good."  …
RT @omalleyforia: "Our economy is not money; it's people. It's all of our people." - @MartinOMalley    http:…
RT @ksosanie: President of Grinnell students for @MartinOMalley speaking now abt why he switched to   …
Huge crowd of over 400 students @grinnellcollege ready for Governor O’Malley!  @omalleyforia 
RT @983TheTorch: For a college of about 1700, 400+ coming to see @MartinOMalley is pretty telling.  
RT @SarahBeckman3: Newton resident tells me she'd like to see @MartinOMalley debate on the national stage, wants his name out there more. #…
RT @983TheTorch: For some in the room, it's their first time seeing @MartinOMalley. Others say they've seen him 3 times.  http://t…
RT @SarahBeckman3: About 400+ students, community members waiting for @MartinOMalley. Strong turnout for a Sunday morning.  http:/…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley is about to speak to a packed house at     …
RT @SarahBeckman3: Really packed room for @MartinOMalley at Grinnell College. First time he's on campus.  
RT @983TheTorch: People sitting on floors, standing against walls at Grinnell College, waiting for @MartinOMalley to speak.  http:…
RT @omalleyfornh: Living room by living room, @MartinOMalley marches on in New Hampshire   …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@martinomalley on @WMUR9 talks expanding social security, DNC debates, and his  campaign  …
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley in the overflow room after the  Immigration Forum    …
RT @UniPolitica: "Creo que las mejores campañas son las que lideran con ideas y eso es lo que ha hecho mi campaña" @MartinOMalley 
RT @omalleyfornh: As Governor @MartinOMalley passed the Dream Act    
RT @UniPolitica: "Debemos dejar de detener detrás de rejas a mujeres y niños que buscan protección en nuestro país" señala @MartinOMalley #…
RT @JuanSaaa: .@MartinOMalley:  reform [should not be]  a check the box issue for this or that constituency group.

 …
RT @TUSK81: At , Pres candidate @MartinOMalley says passing immigration reform is a "national economic imperative." …
RT @omalleyforia: Watch @MartinOMalley speak  immigration forum here:    
RT @omalleyfornh: As @MartinOMalley gets ready to participate in an immigration reform forum today here’s a piece he wrote on his plan http…
RT @GabiDomenzain: 2. @MartinOMalley gave drivers licenses to New Americans so they could drive safely to/from work, school. 
RT @GabiDomenzain: Refresher while we wait for @MartinOMalley: 1. passed DREAM Act, led MD to become first state to defend it at ballot box…
RT @omalleyforia: Watch  immigration forum live from Univision. @MartinOMalley will speak around 3:30c  …
RT @ksosanie: Full auditorium at BVU for  forum! @MartinOMalley one of only 2 pres candidates to attend &amp; speak  http://…
RT @UniPolitica:  reúne a académicos,  y precandidatos para hablar de inmigración en Iowa. Puedes seguirlo AQUÍ&gt;&gt; http:/…
Today’s  anniversary brings back memories from my time as Mayor of Baltimore. Read more: 
Today, our thoughts are with those lost ten years ago, and those still struggling to rebuild or return home. 
RT @MNFarmersUnion: Governor @MartinOMalley Greeting western MN farmer @peco34 at Farmers Union State Fair booth 
RT @Lis_Smith: .@MartinOMalley "had one clear chance to make waves within the DNC, &amp; he seized it, delivering a fiery speech.” …


 
RT @omalleyfornh: NH Dem Leaders: The Democratic primary debate schedule shortchanges New Hampshire   http…
RT @carleegriffeth: "Ours is the party opportunity, ours is the party of the people." - @MartinOMalley 
RT @NicholsUprising: "We need debate! We need debate!" declares @MartinOMalley at DNC meeting. Gets a standing ovation. …
RT @GabiDomenzain: Standing O for @MartinOMalley we need to be the DEMOCRATIC party  
RT if you agree .  
RT @omalleyforia: .@martinomalley: “I am the only candidate w/ 15yrs of executive experience”    …
Add your name NOW if you agree :  
The truth can damn well defend herself—but she must be stated first. We must make our case, and let the people decide. 
Silence &amp; complacency in the face of hate is not an honorable option for our Party. Watch:  
One debate in Iowa. That’s it?
 
One debate in New Hampshire. That's all we can afford?  
This sort of rigged process has never been attempted before.   
Happening NOW—Governor O’Malley addresses @TheDemocrats LIVE. Watch:   
WATCH: Governor O’Malley will address @TheDemocrats live, momentarily:   
RT @MinnesotaDFL: .@MartinOMalley to visit    booth at 4:30  Don't miss chance to meet this progressive leader! http:…
"O'Malley is the kind of guy who will stay longer than anyone. answer every last question, shake every last hand." 
RT @UniPolitica: Opinión: ¿Por qué estoy confrontando a Donald Trump?  por @MartinOMalley  …
No country has the problem that our country has with gun violence. 
Strong decision by @NLRB—one that I'd defend in office. Now, more workers will be able to bargain for higher wages. 
.@RichardTrumka, I agree. We must say no to hate and racism. This hateful rhetoric has no place in our country. 
"His message resonated w/ the group in Windham, especially when O'Malley talked about his successful 7 years as gov.” 
“I found that a lot of my personal, progressive beliefs aligned with him, it just kept going, a huge checklist.” 
RT @Jay1043: .@MartinOMalley in NH - winning over hearts and votes one handshake at a time     …
RT @MattSheaff: .@MartinOMalley talks expanding social security, criminal justice reform, DNC debates w/ @JackHeathRadio  http:/…
Listen to the Governor on @NewsRadio610 now: 
RT @omalleyfornh: At 8:20 @MartinOMalley joins @JackHeathRadio in studio on @wgiram610 to talk    …
RT @ksosanie: Couldn't make it to an @omalleyforia  house party? Watch to learn more about @MartinOMalley's  …
RT @mpreambo: Listening to @MartinOMalley during our  party in Ames!  
RT @MVBarnhill: Henry County Chair Mary Hoyer telling this  House Party why she's endorsed @MartinOMalley  …
RT @the_teejster: .@MartinOMalley and the crowd here in Hollis in agreement    
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@Univision   
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley: "it's time to expand Social Security not cut it not privatize it." 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley brings Rebuilding the American Dream tour to Hollis  
Happy , Rally! 
RT @omalleyforia: JOIN US TONIGHT! Find a local @MartinOMalley event near you:     http:/…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley talking  and  in Manchester  
RT @shaunadamec: .@MartinOMalley at @McLane_Law in Manchester talking about . 
Como Presidente, luchare para que mujeres &amp; hombres ganen el mismo salario por el mismo trabajo.  
As President, I'd fight to cut the pay gap. I'd continue the fight for equality in the workplace:  
We expanded family planning to low-income women, , pushed for stronger domestic violence protections. 
In Maryland, we led the way on women's rights—signing the MD Lilly Ledbetter Act, passing parental leave. 
It’s hard to believe we are still fighting for equal pay, or for a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions. 
Hoy celebramos 95 años desde que las mujeres obtuvieron el derecho a votar. Hoy, todavía enfrentan muchas injusticias. 
 celebrates 95 years ago, when women were granted the right to vote. Today, they still face too many inequalities.
RT @plaistowdems: Great turnout for Martin O'Malley in Windham  today! @MartinOMalley @KristiStL    
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley answering every question shaking every hand the New Hampshire way  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley bringing the Rebuilding the American Dream tour to Portsmouth!  
Yet another call for more debates—granite staters deserve to hear from the candidates.   @ConMonitorNews
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley kicking off our Rebuilding the American Dream Tour in Windham  
RT @mattcorridoni: WATCH LIVE: @MartinOMalley at house party in New Hampshire - unscripted retail politics!    …
RT @elraymer: Our superstar volunteer Maria getting all set up for @MartinOMalley in Windham! @omalleyfornh  …
.@WMUR9 is live-streaming our house party in Windham. Watch:    @omalleyfornh
Senseless. Awful. My thoughts are with the entire @WDBJ7 family. -O'M 
RT @omalleyfornh: New Hampshire! The Rebuilding the American Dream tour kicks off today in Windham. See you there!  …
RT @ksosanie: From @IAStartingLine: @MartinOMalley Grassroots Effort Chugging Along, Holding 30 House Parties Wednesday …
Me alegra saber que trabajadores de salud finalmente serán elegibles para el salario mínimo. 
RT @elraymer: BOOM. That's what I call getting things done. @omalleyfornh   
Glad health care workers will finally get minimum wage protections—everyone deserves fair pay &amp; respect on the job. 
RT @omalleyfornh: In advance of his trip to NH, @MartinOMalley lays out his plan to expand Social Security  …
Read my op-ed in @UnionLeader: to ensure retirement security, let's start by expanding .  
If @RealDonaldTrump is so tough, why does he take on minimum wage workers? Why does he scapegoat New Americans?

The Rebuild the American Dream Tour is coming to NH tomorrow. Search for events in your area here:  
HBD @NatlParkService! As President, I’ll commit to protecting our public lands.   
America is stronger when we keep families together—not break them up. 

RT @JDBmsnbc: .@MartinOMalley: ‘I don’t find anything tough about Donald Trump at all’ 

Miss my appearance on @jdbalart this morning? Watch here:  
RT @344_603: Our Turn: Let the Democratic candidates debate | Concord Monitor 
RT @mattcorridoni: “You make America stronger by keeping families together” - @MartinOMalley on 
I’ll be live with @JDBmsnbc at 9:05 —  don’t miss it! 
RT @omalleyforia: READ @globegazette's article on @MartinOMalley's support among Davenport Dems:   http://t.…
RT @CHCI: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley first to confirm attendance at the  Presidential Candidates Forum! …
.@iamjohnoliver, thanks for calling attention to the . Not only do I support, I was the first to do so: 
My plan will help increase the number of Americans with adequate retirement savings by 50 percent in eight years. 
Read my op-ed in the @qctimes about my plan to expand .  
RT @omalleyfornh: Maryland Attorney General @BrianFrosh on why he’s supporting @MartinOMalley  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@BrianFrosh: "we passed comprehensive gun safety legislation because of @MartinOMalley."  …
RT @MattSheaff: .@BrianFrosh: "@MartinOMalley made MD schools number 1 in the nation for 5 years in a row" 
RT @omalleyforia: SHARE if you agree we need to pay overtime pay for overtime work!    @MartinOMalley http:/…
RT @ksosanie: Rep Winkler introduces @MartinOMalley at a huge event in Davenport  
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking about Rebuilding the American Dream in Muscatine, IA    http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley receiving a warm welcome at the Keokuk AFL-CIO Labor Temple    …
RT @omalleyfornh: Tomorrow! Maryland Attorney General @BrianFrosh will campaign on behalf of @MartinOMalley at Windems Annual Summer Social…
 
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking to a packed house in Fairfield, Iowa.    
RT @omalleyforia: "Play of the day today in Democratic politics goes @MartinOMalley." - @maddow ​  …
RT @ChouBenjamin: Folks of all ages here at the Indianola Public Library to see @MartinOMalley @omalleyforia 
RT @omalleyforia: Great energy in Indianola today with @MartinOMalley on our Rebuilding the American Dream tour  …
RT @RepCummings: Thank you @MartinOMalley for supporting the expansion of  
.@RepCummings Social Security is one of the greatest achievements of our country. Thank you for leading this fight. -O’M
What happened to “give me your tired, your " WE should be leading on refugees from Syria, Ukraine,  
RT @SSWorks: .@MartinOMalley makes the case for expanding :   
Can't wait to talk   with @NHDems at their annual convention in September! -O'M
RT @NCPSSM: .@MartinOMalley recently released his plans for . We highlighted a few in today's graphic.  …
It’s not the sky that’s falling. It’s the floor that’s falling out from under our seniors:  
How extreme is the @NRA if supporting background checks and handgun licenses makes me a menace? This is why we fight. 
We need to expand . Here is my plan to do it:  
We need to expand Social Security benefits to provide a foundation for a more secure retirement. Read my op-ed: 
Like what you heard at ? Join our campaign for  today:  
RT @notmegawattage: Standing ovation for @MartinOMalley at  
RT @notmegawattage: This party is already yours. -@MartinOMalley  He just owned the room at 
RT @CAYoungDems: "I want you all to be DNC delegates! these halls are the leaders of the Dem. Party" -@MartinOMalley
RT @notmegawattage: The symbol of your America is not barbed wire and chain link fence. It's the Statue of Liberty. -@MartinOMalley  
RT @atima_omara: Democratic candidate for President and fmr Gov. @MartinOMalley addresses the @youngdems   convention …
RT @ColtonGriffin: "Fear and anger didn't build this country and don't solve problems" -@MartinOMalley   http://t.…
RT @lizabeth_verse: "Our economy should work for all of us, not just a few of us" Gov O'Malley at  
RT @jenhouse: .@MartinOMalley addressing all of us in attendance at  
RT @youngdems: LIVE on :  candidate @martinomalley speaking to ! 
Have a debate question of your own? Ask here—I’ll answer the most popular ones in the coming weeks:  
Signed. Jon Stewart moderating or not, .  
Gracias a @mariauxpen de la @LaOpinionLA por la oportunidad de hablar con ella sobre los temas mas importantes. 
  

RT @omalleyfornh: Don’t miss @MartinOMalley in NH - signup today!   
Thanks @maddow for recognizing that workers should be able to unionize &amp; @culinary226's efforts won't go unnoticed:

RT @PortsDems: Governor @MartinOMalley will be in Portsmouth next Wednesday for a BBQ. Details and RSVP are available here: …
Full house at our tech &amp; gov. panel w/ @JoinBrigade @POPVOX @BlackGirlsCode @Microsoft &amp; more.  
RT @trevorcornwell: Great  discussion with @MartinOMalley @BlackGirlsCode @POPVOX  @LassyProject @JoinBrigade …
RT @JoinBrigade: .@MartinOMalley @marcidale @lessin @MicrosoftSV @matthewmahan @6Gems challenges &amp; opportunities in innovation economy http…
RT @JoinBrigade: HAPPENING NOW! 
RT @Josh_Richman: Dem presidential candidate @MartinOMalley is about to start tech discussion at @JoinBrigade in SF 
RT @omalleyforia: "Right here in Clear Lake,  can hear the  the Martin O'Malley supporters."–CNN  http:…
I will be @JoinBrigade this AM with @POPVOX @BlackGirlsCode @Microsoft and others to talk about improving public service through technology.
RT @ericswalwell: Glad to see a full house for @MartinOMalley's New Leadership Reception in San Francisco! We're @Ready4Martin …
RT @cpalmatier: who just pitched a civic tech platform in front of presidential candidate @MartinOMalley? THESE GUYS //cc: @grodeska http:/…
RT @LassyProject: @LassyProject: Thank you @MartinOMalley for allowing us to pitch at   in  …
RT @sccornwell: Incredible night at the Hall in  listening to @MartinOMalley 
Via @Cmarinucci: watch our San Francisco start-up pitch contest LIVE on @periscopeco:  
RT @cmarinucci: LIVE on : LIVE in SF w Dem 2016 candidate @MartinOMalley campaign event w tech &amp; Millennials  …
RT @JoinBrigade: Happy to have our @HillaryLehr judge a civic tech startup pitch contest tonight w/ @MartinOMalley &amp; others! …
RT @Surf_Apps: Fantastic pitch for @LassyProject at @MartinOMalley   for  w/ @Forum280 @trevorcornwell …
Great crowd at tonight’s event in San Francisco! Excited to hear pitches from eight dynamic start-ups.  
RT @joegarofoli: White House candidate @MartinOMalley listens to tech startup pitches at The Hall in San Francisco 
RT @travismoore: Ready to pitch @MartinOMalley for  at startup civic tech competition!  
RT @omalleyforia: SHARE if you agree that we need to hold  accountable! 
   @MartinOMalley
https:…
RT @ben_buysse: Elaine believes in  .She backs  to # week she hits the phones 4 @MartinOMalley. http:…
Millions benefited from his work. He was selfless and driven to advance equity for all. RIP Rep. Stokes, @OfficialCBC founder. -O’M
If we want our economy to grow, we need to treat our workers with dignity and respect. 

RT @adambonin: latest for @dailykos:  O'Malley is taking the battle to Trump's front door 
RT @Culinary226: Governor @MartinOMalley gives the Trump workers a shoutout for their strength and courage. @TrumpLasVegas …
RT @RachelReko: Thanks for coming to our convention @MartinOMalley!  
RT @ArtieBlancoSays: "Our economy is not Money, Our Economy is People" @MartinOMalley 
RT @ydc226: We must raise the minimum wage to $15/hr wherever and whenever we can. @MartinOMalley
RT @RachelReko: "Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now." @MartinOMalley 
RT @NVAFLCIO: "Americas strength relies on an upwardly mobile ever growing middle class" @MartinOMalley  
RT @AVusk: Tony's writing letters saying why he supports @MartinOMalley. Check out his story:   …
RT @Culinary226: Trump workers thank @MartinOMalley for supporting their fight to organize at @TrumpLasVegas 
RT @Culinary226: .@MartinOMalley says that Trump should respect his workers and treat them fairly. @360Magazine 
Watch LIVE:   
RT @Culinary226: Now: @MartinOMalley speaks in front of the @TrumpLasVegas cc @realDonaldTrump 
LIVE on : Today I'm joining employees of @realDonaldTrump in Las Vegas as they demand the right to organi… 
RT @UniPolitica: .@MartinOMalley dará conferencia de prensa a las 11:00am PT con empleados de hotel de Trump en Las Vegas  http…
Candidates should have more opportunities to answer questions before the NH primary—ask yours:  
Candidates should have more opportunities to answer questions before —ask yours:  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley brings the Rebuilding the American Dream tour to NH. More info   http://…
RT @omalleyfornh:  
Help us tell @TheDemocrats to get out of the way and let the voters hear from the candidates:  
You shouldn’t have to wait till Oct. for the first debate—what questions do you want answered?  
RT @POPVOX: .@martinomalley, @BlackGirlsCode @lessin, @JoinBrigade &amp; @POPVOX talking   Thurs
 …
Our economy isn't money. Our economy is people. Join if you agree:   

RT @LaOpinionLA: O'Malley pide combatir “retórica de odio” de Donald Trump  
RT @MattSheaff: Good morning NH!  @MartinOMalley joins Dan Mitchell on @WKBKAM live at 9AM to talk . Tune in …
RT @omalleyforia: SHARE if you agree that we need  to make college more affordable! @MartinOMalley
  https:/…
Miss my speech at the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding? Catch it here:   
RT @omalleyfornh: Also, tomorrow 10AM @MartinOMalley joins @wkxlnhchris to talk , limited DNC debate schedule &amp;more  htt…
The  should take responsibility for Haiti's deadly cholera epidemic. Read my op-ed: 
RT @omalleyfornh: Hey NH tomorrow @MartinOMalley joins Dan Mitchell on @WKBKAM live at 9AM to talk . Tune in …
“[O'Malley] has truly demonstrated enlightened leadership as governor, and I think that’s very important."  
Progress is a choice. That's why I have laid out 15 strategic goals for our nation: 

RT @omalleyforia: @JakeOeth keeps a tally of the counties visited by @MartinOMalley. 26 down and more to come!   htt…
My IA state director @jakeoeth keeps a map of all the counties I've visited: 25 down &amp; many more to come this month! 
There is a humanitarian crisis happening in our own hemisphere but it's not likely you've heard of it. Read my op-ed: 
“I think [O’Malley’s] amazing,” said Monica Miller of Council Bluffs. “He’s for the people, by the people.”  
RT @jtackeff: Come meet @MartinOMalley in Portsmouth on August 26th! You can sign up here:   
 because it's the only way voters will get answers to these important questions.

Saddened to hear Julian Bond passed away—his passion, courage &amp; commitment to fighting for justice made an indelible mark on our world. -O'M
Catch me on @FaceTheNation in just 10 minutes at 10:40am EST where I’ll discuss , why , and more.
RT @FaceTheNation: Coming up at 10:30ET: former Gov @MartinOMalley on his fight for more  debates &amp; more – hope you’ll join us http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley in Council Bluffs supporting @CharlieMcConkey   Leadership   
RT @JosephOHern: The stage is set, come meet @CharlieMcConkey and @MartinOMalley here at Baylis Park in Council Bluffs …
RT @SCohen22: This is how you follow of a great day at the . Phone Banking for @MartinOMalley    http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: "Talk to our young people, they rarely believe that climate change isn't real"@MartinOMalley #iacaucus http…
RT @jtackeff: .@martinomalley's back in NH August 26 make sure you sign up at  to get the latest details 
RT @susaniniowa: @MartinOMalley is an elegant wordsmith who gave a passionate speech at the  tonight. 
RT @omalleyforia: Working the crowd @iowawingding.  
RT @ksosanie: As always- @MartinOMalley sticking around to meet &amp; talk to Iowans after . It's an  rule. …
RT @_LeahKay_: Meet &amp; greet with @MartinOMalley after the  dinner 
RT @IAStartingLine: Here's Berkley Bedell, former Iowa Congressman, who backed @MartinOMalley today   …
RT @omalleyforia: Enjoy the  speech? Ready for ? Join us today: 
“If a bank is too big to fail, too big to jail, &amp; too big to ’s too damn big, &amp; it needs to be broken up before it breaks us up."
RT @iowademocrats: .@MartinOMalley: "a strong middle class is the cause of economic growth."  
RT @ricksmith2825: .@MartinOMalley is third presidential candidate speaking tonight but he hits all the right notes &amp; excites  htt…
RT @susaniniowa: @MartinOMalley "Instead of cutting Social Security, we must expand Social Security." 
RT @omalleyforia: We must return to the economic justice of paying overtime pay for overtime work!  @iowawingding  …
"We fought for the DREAM Act, we fought for Marriage Equality—and we won.” Watch live:  
"We froze college tuition four years in a row to make college more affordable for every family. Actions, not words.” 
RT @IAStartingLine: Going to college shouldn't burden people with crushing debt for a lifetime @MartinOMalley tells  crowd …
Happening NOW, Governor O’Malley addresses the @iowawingding crowd:    
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley's hitting the @iowawingding stage at 8pm to talk  &amp; !  http:/…
Tune in at 9pm EST for my  speech in Iowa!    
RT @_LeahKay_: Creative signage from these @MartinOMalley guys outside the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding Dinner  
RT @JosephOHern: @omalleyforia showing the love for @MartinOMalley @iowawingding  
RT @IAStartingLine: He might be behind Clinton in polls, but @MartinOMalley matching in big event presence  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley's son Will leading chants for his dad outside Wing Ding Dinner  
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: The excitement is surreal @MartinOMalley      
RT @carleegriffeth: Team @MartinOMalley out in forces here in Clear Lake for the @iowawingding   
El Seguro Social es uno de los logros mas grandes de la nación, hay que expandirlo. 
RT @udidthisjgilde: Abby was excited to meet @MartinOMalley after watching his great speech at the Iowa State Fair. 
RT @MVBarnhill: Excited to be at the Iowa Wing Ding with @MartinOMalley today in Clear Lake 
.@iowademocrats party leader understands why . RT if you’re with us: 
RT @vogt_for_nicky: Out early supporting our next president   .@MartinOMalley 
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley responds "it's amazing what you can get done when executives talk to those doing the jobs"  http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: Thanks @brian_guillaume for your support, and for committing to caucus for @martinomalley!   http:…
RT @JayAFTA: @martinomalley Grace Rocked it at .  Dad has a great understanding of the arts and culture  thank you!
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley speaking at a @VotingforKids roundtable on the rights of children    http://t.…
RT @ECMIowa: My artistic influences: waters of the Chesapeake Bay and the kids of the city of Baltimore. @MartinOMalley 
RT @ECMIowa: Eradicating poverty is hard. Feeding a child is simple. @MartinOMalley 
RT @ECMIowa: So excited to be talking w/ Gov @MartinOMalley about rebuilding the American Dream for our kids &amp; families! …
RT @ksosanie: Full table w/ @MartinOMalley &amp; Every Child Matters in Cedar Rapids on  to Rebuild American Dream  …
Happy 80th birthday —you protect the most vulnerable among us, and should be expanded. -O’M
Historic day @USEmbCuba &amp; for these 3 marines—looking forward to greater collaboration &amp; cooperation w/ our neighbor 
RT @omalleyfornh: Good read: @unionleader: @martinomalley Unveils Blueprint for 'American Dream' Dream' 
RT @ksosanie: After huge success at IA State Fair @MartinOMalley swings by Des Moines field office to thank phone bankers  http://…
  
RT @MattSheaff: Great buzz in the office calling our neighbors about @MartinOMalley's 15 Goals to Rebuild the American Dream …
RT @omalleyfornh: Phone banking here at headquarters for @MartinOMalley  
RT @IAStartingLine: Chants of "O'Malley" as @MartinOMalley leaves the Soapbox stage after energetic speech &amp; Q&amp;A  …
RT @omalleyforia: "Ours is the party that will rebuild the American Dream. And make the promise real again for all Americans!"  …
A new era of American progress calls for a new agenda to rebuild cities as places of justice &amp; opportunity for all. 
RT @983TheTorch: @MartinOMalley is definitely drawing in spectators at the Iowa State Fair bc of booming voice and energy.  http:/…
Watch live:  
“We make our own destiny.”      
RT @brianneDMR: .@MartinOMalley kicks off his speech at . "Progress is a choice."   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley has the loudest cheering crowd of today's Soapbox speeches  
WATCH LIVE, Governor O’Malley speaks at the  @DMRegister soapbox:  
RT @IAStartingLine: Large crowd out for @MartinOMalley's turn on Soapbox, many with signs, seems well-organized  …
The crowd is gathering for O’Malley at the  @DMRegister soapbox! WATCH LIVE @ 5pm EST   
RT @omalleyforia: An Iowan stops us at : "I was so impressed with CitiSTAT, and you measuring results."   htt…
RT @JosephOHern: Crowd starting to fill up for @MartinOMalley @DMRegister @IowaStateFair soap box!  
RT @cspan: .@MartinOMalley at @iowastatefair  – LIVE at 5pm ET on C-SPAN  
RT @haleymorris: It's the Reichardt family slide with @MartinOMalley and fam!  
RT @GrantMRodgers: "It was everything we thought it would be &amp; more," says @MartinOMalley upon descent from the Giant Slide.  http…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley and his kids Will and Grace went down the giant slide at    …
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley and his family heading to top of Reinhardt Family Slide at    …
RT @kelsey_kremer: An hour before @MartinOMalley's  appearance, supporters already claiming most of the chairs.  http:/…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley hearing about 3D printing tech at  
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley stops by to greet @iowademocrats at their booth at  
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley arrives at @IowaStateFair w/ son William and daughter Grace.  
RT @haleymorris: It's IA state fair time with @MartinOMalley! Vols out in full force  
RT @LaOpinionLA: O´Malley presenta 15 metas para "reconstruir el Sueño Americano"  
Katie and I are keeping President Carter and his family in our thoughts and prayers. - O'M
These 15 goals are grounded in a more just &amp; forward-thinking vision for the  Read more—&gt;  
RT @DMRegister: .@MartinOMalley announces 16-city tour of Iowa  
RT @omalleyforia: WATCH @MartinOMalley speaks at  @DMRegister soapbox! LIVE @ 4pm                        …
No te pierdas mi articulo en @LaPrensaIowa sobre la necesidad de reformar nuestro sistema migratorio. 
I will put new ideas, bold approaches, and measurable results front and center in how we govern—read more on @Medium 
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now Mayor @JoeCurtatone on  talking @MartinOMalley’s bold progressive vision for America …
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—today, I am releasing my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream.  -O'M
RT @omalleyfornh: On @msnbc @Morning_Joe @MartinOMalley says: “The people of New Hampshire deserve more than 1 debate” before their primary…
I'll be on @msnbc's @Morning_Joe this morning at 8:30am ET. Tune in! 
RT @SeanMcEnerney: Will O'Malley brings in another supporter for @MartinOMalley! Davenport is ready for !  http:/…
RT @omalleyforia: William O'Malley campaigning for his father, @MartinOMalley:   
Our country needs  to honestly assess our broken criminal justice system and put forward solutions: 
Details matter —&gt;   // via @voxdotcom 
Words AND actions matter. ¡Gracias, ! 
We have a moral obligation to act immediately and aggressively to stop climate change.  
Somos una nación generosa y compasiva. No deberíamos encarcelar a mujeres y niños refugiados.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Happening now: @MartinOMalley joins @kenmonarchs to talk about his bold, progressive vision for America. …
Working families have gone too long without an increase in the minimum wage.  
Come by @JoinBrigade to chat w/ me &amp; tech leaders from @Microsoft, @BlackGirlsCode, @TheWorkersLab, and more. 
RT @msnbc: .@MartinOMalley questions legality of Democratic National Committee's debate plan:  (Getty) …
Great column by some local Granite Staters on why  
No better time to join the campaign than right now: 

I believe now more than ever we need criminal justice reform. We can &amp; need to do better. Read &amp; share my plan today: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley on @HeraldRadio: "I think we can all agree the people of NH deserve more than 1 debate.” …
RT @mitchellreports: .@MartinOMalley says the DNC limiting debates for Democratic candidates is 'undemocratic.' - staff
I’ll be live on @mitchellreports at 12:25 EDT, make sure to tune in. 
Our prayers are w/  today—last night's events reinforce the urgent need for strong criminal justice reform. 
We must do more than just —Michael Brown—we must act. And as President, I will act, because . -O’M
My grand-dog Mila helped out at today's phone banking, inviting people to the state fair!    
RT @ksosanie: Rep Prichard introduces @MartinOMalley in Charles City, commending his record on public education in MD  …
RT @eegorman: 3 for 3 on packed crowds out to see @MartinOMalley with our final stop of the day in Charles City, IA  http://t…
RT @_LeahKay_: .@MartinOMalley meeting folks in Grundy Center  
RT @ksosanie: Carol introduces @MartinOMalley says "track record is 100%. Last candidate I introduced was @barackobama"  http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: Full house here in Grundy Center with @MartinOMalley talking about how to rebuild the American Dream.  http://t.…
RT @eegorman: Electric crowd in Ft. Dodge for @MartinOMalley this morning!   
RT @helenmiller49: Large crowd welcoming Gov. O'Malley! 
La compasión y generosidad nos definen como nación.  ¿Porque se rehusa @DHSgov a liberar a los niños y mamas refugiados? 
The US is a welcoming, compassionate country yet we insist on jailing vulnerable women and children. Why didn't @DHSgov ?
RT @ShurtleffSteve: I do hope that the DNC allows for more then one presidential debate in NH. It's the Democratic thing to do.
No vi el  pero me dicen que estuvo muy entretenido. ? Tendría mas debates entre demócratas. -O'M 
Didn’t see the , but heard it was entertaining. ? Have more democratic debates. -O'M 
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley doesn't just hold progressive values, he has record of getting them done. Like marriage equality in MD. …
Marriage equality is a human right, not a state right.  

As Governor, I signed marriage equality into law and extended anti-discrimination laws to transgender MD’ers.  
RT @lorialivingston: With every answer at the , my respect and support for @MartinOMalley grows.    …
RT @omalleyfornh: Let’s talk about women! FACT: Under @MartinOMalley Maryland was Ranked #1 In Businesses Owned By Women.  
RT @HeavenAndBalder: @MartinOMalley supports a women's right to health and her right to choose!  
We must rein in Wall Street. I call on every candidate to commit to these four principles.   
I am in favor of reinstating Glass-Steagall, and I am in favor of putting cops on the beat on . 

Necesitamos expandir el Seguro Social con orgullo y con firmeza.   
We need to expand  and we need to be unabashed about it.   
RT @GabiDomenzain: MD schools were #1 in the nation 5 years in a row under @MartinOMalley  
Hey @JebBush, after eight miserable years of George W. Bush, America needed @BarackObama.  

Como Gobernador de Maryland, yo luche para convertir el Sueño Americano en una realidad para todos.  
   
In Maryland, we didn’t wait for the federal gov to act, we passed our own DREAM Act.  

We need to get 11M people out of the shadow economy and the shadow society, and into the light of full participation.  
In MD we didn’t scapegoat New Americans—we passed the DREAM Act &amp; drivers licenses for New Americans.  
In MD I signed the Family Planning Works Act, giving 35k low-income women access to free pregnancy counseling.  
What Would O’Malley Do? In MD, he put the goal of a stronger middle class at the center of every decision. 

RT @IAStartingLine: "You want wages to go up? You got to make it easier for people to join unions" @MartinOMalley at AFL-CIO 
RT @SarahBeckman3: @MartinOMalley bringing back some liveliness in the room with enthusiastic intro speech at the Iowa AFL-CIO forum. http:…
The number of presidential debates should be dictated by voters—not @TheDemocrats in Washington.  
Hey @TheDemocrats: hands off our debates! You're not in charge. They should be set by the voters, not folks in DC. 
A constitutional amendment would give courts the authority to end voter suppression efforts &amp; protect the integrity of our democracy. 
We need a solution to guarantee the right to vote for all Americans, once and for all.  
In 2013,  gutted the  &amp; opened the door for restrictive voting laws. Since then, 29 states have curtailed this fundamental right.
Nothing is more fundamental to our sacred democracy than the right to vote. But progress is not permanent—we must keep fighting. 
RT @ijreview: Here Are 15 Things You Won't Hear At Tonight's GOP Debate  via @MartinOMalley
RT @DMRegister: .@MartinOMalley criticizes Democratic National Committee for limiting 2016 debates.  
40M+ Americans don’t get paid time off—glad @WhiteHouse is leading by example w/ required paid leave for contractors: 
via @thenation   
RT if you agree, and tell @thedemocrats  .

We need to have not just one debate, not just two, but many. Because they will shape the future of the country we give our kids. -O’M (2/2)
.@TheDemocrats think they can limit the number of debates we’re going to have before the Iowa caucuses…(1/2)
RT @afreedman23: Standing room only in Cedar Rapids for Governor @MartinOMalley 
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley arrives for the opening of his new Cedar Rapids office.  
RT @ksosanie: Great crowd in Cedar Rapids with @MartinOMalley opening our new field office this afternoon!  
RT @clairequestion: Jean is so excited to caucus for @MartinOMalley she got me more fired up!   …
Growing injustice  threatens to tear our country apart. @TheState writes about my visit to South Carolina. 
RT @kramer_ben: More and more folks committing to caucus for @MartinOMalley in Iowa City. Hungry for .  …
RT @omalleyfornh: Members of our field team are proud to join @PPNHAF and   
I agree with this @nytopinion editorial, children do not belong in prison. 
RT @scdp: LIVE on : NOW LIVE: @ChairChats with Governor @MartinOMalley   
RT @scdp: Chairman @harrisonjaime and Governor @MartinOMalley getting ready for @ChairChats  
RT @scdp: Coming up shortly: live @ChairChats with @MartinOMalley 
I applaud @POTUS's Clean Power rules. I’m proud of what we did in MD to be on track to meet them—but we must do more. 
Voices for justice never die. Voices for justice will always resonate. Read my plan here: 

RT @Salon: A Democratic presidential candidate just offered 2016’s boldest voting rights proposal yet 
.@moluskein Estamos listos para ayudar a  con acciones, no palabras. Gracias por la bienvenida.
RT @CNNPolitics: First on CNN: @MartinOMalley to call for a voting rights constitutional amendment  …
RT @omalleyfornh:  
The Constitution does not affirmatively secure the right to vote—let’s change that together:  
As we approach the 50th anniversary of the , I am calling for a constitutional amendment to protect every citizen’s right to vote. -O’M
RT @WillWhitsonWIS: .@martinomalley talks 2nd chances for ex-cons. "I do believe efforts to ban the box, lift this up, important engagement…
RT @politico: WATCH LIVE: Martin O'Malley South Carolina 20/20 leaders of tomorrow roundtable 
RT @WillWhitsonWIS: .@martinomalley meets w/ 20/20 Leaders of America to talk criminal justice on campaign trail. @wis10   h…
RT @helenmiller49: CNN: O'Malley's criminal justice plan: Abolish death penalty, reclassify marijuana 
.@ppfa provee servicios medicos a millones de mujeres. Votación para recortar fondos es un error. RT si estas de acuerdo .
.@ppfa provides critical health care services to millions of women. Today's vote to defund is wrong. RT to stand with me &amp; .
This land is your land, this land is my land, from California to the Puerto Rican Islands.

No American surrenders their dignity because of the color of their skin. 

Puerto Ricans are citizens &amp; should be treated equally—I’ll continue to urge  govt to provide the flexibility PR needs to pay its debts.
During my visit to  this weekend, I saw firsthand how their debt crisis &amp; unequal treatment have left the economy reeling. (1/2)
.@dhsgov debe responder al Tribunal de  y liberar a las madres/niños refugiados en campos de internamiento. 
.@dhsgov should respond to the district court appropriately: release refugee mothers &amp; kids from internment camps. 
RT @nytpolitics: Martin O’Malley calls for criminal justice overhaul amid racial tensions.  @maggieNYT …
RT @jtackeff: Team @omalleyfornh excited to be talking about @MartinOMalley at Nashua Farmers Market!   …
.@POTUS’s clean power plan is a great step fwd, &amp; I’d expand it to cover large emission sources beyond power plants. 
RT @HuffingtonPost: In the face of default, Martin O'Malley makes Puerto Rico a priority  
RT @jrperello: Excelente conversación con el precandidato presidencial de , @MartinOMalley en la Placita de Santurce. JP …
RT @riverasaniel: AHORA hablo con el precandidato democrata a la presidencia de EEUU @MartinOMalley Detalles 5pm @NoticentroWAPA …
RT @Moluskein: Interesante. @MartinOMalley esta en Puerto Rico. 
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@MartinOMalley checking out spread in @elnuevodia "we have obligation to help our fellow citizens" @joseadelgadoend htt…
RT @PolicyMic: Martin O’Malley just unveiled his bold plan to fix the criminal justice system  
If you do not believe this, you are not qualified to run a city—or wear a badge &amp; carry a gun.  
RT @EBONYMag: EBONY's @JamilahLemieux spoke with @MartinOMalley on his criminal justice reform plan &amp; more:  http://t…
RT @JamilSmith: “There is no such thing as a spare American.” The outline of @MartinOMalley’s criminal justice reform plan is here. http://…
RT @samswey: Gov O'Malley just released the most comprehensive policing and criminal justice reform agenda I've seen. Must read: …
We must work to build trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.  
We need a reinvestment and rehabilitation framework for America’s criminal justice system. Here’s mine: 
RT @NatUrbanLeague: .@MartinOMalley: we can become a more just and compassionate nation and people. There is more that unites us than divid…
RT @NatUrbanLeague: .@MartinOMalley: every story reminds us that Americans of color endure a constant state of vulnerability, even when the…
Tune in LIVE as Gov. O’Malley speaks @NatUrbanLeague : 
286 years ago today,  was founded.  to another great day in our history, @Ravens first superbowl win: 
RT @omalleyfornh: Still time to sign up for our Learn More Lunches.   
Hace 50 años LBJ creo  para q personas de bajos ingresos pudieran ser saludables. Debemos protegerlo, especialmente en .
50yrs ago LBJ created  &amp;  to keep low-income &amp; elderly ppl healthy—we must protect these benefits, esp. now in 
RT @kramer_ben: Folks excited to commit to caucus for @MartinOMalley at house party in Iowa City!   …
.@PPFA provides essential health care services to millions of women across America. We should stand up to efforts to defund it. -O’M
Wow—even @GovernorPerry followed my call to stop big banks from gambling taxpayer $ &amp; reinstate . All candidates should agree.
RT @omalleyfornh: Pete Spanos just emailed saying why he’s standing with @MartinOMalley sign up at   http:…
 is exciting people in Iowa! Here's what some folks are saying.   @omalleyforia 
Every @TheDemocrats candidate should be willing to stand up to Wall Street and commit to these four goals. 
 for days.   
Great crowd at our young professionals happy hour in DC!  
.@Whitehouse is right to ask that  be able to file for bankruptcy. We must care for all our citizens. Next up: healthcare equity.
We've officially visited every county in New Hampshire!    
Nuestros conciudadanos en  necesitan ayuda y atención. Emocionado de visitar y escuchar sus historias: 
Our fellow citizens in  need help &amp; attention. Looking fwd to visiting &amp; listening to them this weekend: 
Not just “what to expect,” but what I support and will accomplish. Check out my full plan:  
RT @elizabethforma: I'm pleased that Sen @BernieSanders and Gov @MartinOMalley are supporting @TammyBaldwin's bill to slow down the Wall St…
RT @omalleyfornh:   
RT if you're with me.   
Today, in front-page headlines:  @dmregister  @omalleyforia 
I’m opposed to  bc we can't have a clean energy future if we rely on dirty, short-term fossil fuel fixes. 
.@govmikehuckabee’s comments on the Iran deal are offensive &amp; overlook this reality: Rep. policies have led us into 12yrs of conflict. -O’M
Taking questions from every reporter, big and small.  @omalleyfornh 
RT @bivonajohn: . @MartinOMalley to packed house in Lebanon "we must raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour wherever and whenever we can" …
RT @omalleyfornh: Packed house of Lebanon Dems to hear @MartinOMalley  
RT @bpolitics: .@MartinOMalley challenges White House rivals on Glass-Steagall 
RT @omalleyfornh: Meet @MartinOMalley today? Join us for a Learn More Lunch with @omalleyfornh staff  
RT @shaunadamec: "Our economy is not money. Our economy is people. We must never forget that." -@MartinOMalley  …
RT @omalleyfornh: O'M in Keene: "Too big to fail? Too big to jail? And apparently too big to manage! We need to reinstate Glass-Steagall no…
RT @jtackeff: .@MartinOMalley speaking about  in Keene this afternoon!  
RT @ksosanie: Standing ovation for @MartinOMalley after a rousing speech.  
"American students need Governor O'Malley to become President O’Malley”- @ericswalwell   
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: Lots of people out in Knoxville to listen to @MartinOMalley speak about   …
RT @MVBarnhill: Two local High School Seniors ready to start working for @MartinOMalley   
RT @omalleyforia: Huge crowd in Knoxville ready for  and excited to meet @MartinOMalley this afternoon.   …
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley talking immigration reform &amp; the power of collective bargaining at the Hockensmith picnic!  http:…
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley interrupted by applause in Des Moines while calling to  to $15 an hr.  …
RT @BostonGlobe: We can’t just sit by and wait for another tragedy to happen again, writes @martinomalley in @GlobeOpinion …
RT @omalleyfornh: In today’s @ConMonitorNews @MartinOMalley writes: Let’s relieve college students of the burden of debt …
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: .@MartinOMalley decided to serenade the Beaverdale crowd   
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Iowan at Beaverdale pub tells O'Malley: You were on fire at hall of fame dinner. I see you breaking out to the front o…
RT @omalleyforia: The neighborhood many called Obamadale in 2008 turns out strong again tonight for @MartinOMalley   …
Campaigning the  way, with Q&amp;A.  
Great crowd in  for O’Malley!  
RT @ksosanie: Overflow crowd excited for @MartinOMalley in Beaverdale!  
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley keynote to AFSCME convention gets big cheer for his record &amp; call for national $15 min wage  http://…
RT @JosephOHern: Standing ovation for @MartinOMalley @afscmeiowa_c61 state convention! Thank you for having us! 
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley gets a warm welcome from @afscmeiowa_c61 state convention 
RT @ericswalwell: Proud to endorse my friend and mentor @MartinOMalley for President 
Excited to have @RepSwalwell’s support—someone who knows what  can accomplish:  
RT @JakeOeth: .@MartinOMalley taking questions @DesMoinesMetro caucus candidate forum   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley says his favorite State Fair food is pork chop-on-a-stick. Agree  
RT @ksosanie: As always, @MartinOMalley taking time to talk to Iowans one on one after  forum. 
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley says many Dems claim progressive issues, but he's only one w/ "15 years of executive exp" of "getting t…
RT @KObradovich: .@MartinOMalley said our parents and grandparents understood “our economy isn’t money. Our economy is people.”  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley notes he's been to 19 of Iowa's 99 counties in the 40 days he's been a candidate  …
Starting NOW! O’Malley speaks @DesMoinesMetro. Watch live:  
RT @ksosanie: Big turnout at the Des Moines Partnership forum to hear @MartinOMalley plan to rebuild American Dream.  …
RT @jtackeff: Daniel from New Hampton is excited to support @MartinOMalley!!   
It's simple, : citizenship is a human right. 
, es simple: la ciudadania es un derecho humano. 
RT @IAcaucus2016: Follow along for updates on the @MartinOMalley event today. 
RT @IAcaucus2016:  event today! @MartinOMalley speaking at the State Historical Building at noon.  http://t.…
Movie theaters, schools, places of work &amp; worship should be safe spaces, free from guns and gun violence. Praying for Lafayette today. -O’M
Shoutout to @mikecarberry @JanelleRettig and their efforts to  in Johnson County, Iowa! 
RT @danpfeiffer: It hasn't borne fruit yet, but @MartinOMalley is doing a lot of smart things in his campaign.  
via @bettermarkets, “O’Malley details plan on Wall Street reform. All candidates should do the same.” 
Join us in telling these guys that climate change is a serious threat we should not ignore.
 
.@oreillyfactor @dennisdmz think my remarks on climate change make me "a waste of an apostrophe"? Here's the waste: 
.@RealDonaldTrump’s racism has no place in Congress.  is knee-jerk policy that scapegoats New Americans. We can and must do better.
I proudly support the new LGBT civil rights bill—we must continue to fight for a more open, respectful &amp; inclusive nation.  -O’M
I’ll bring real enforcement &amp; oversight to agencies &amp; depts like @TheJusticeDept @SEC_News @federalreserve @cftc: 
RT @maryaliceparks: .@MartinOMalley talks about passing a minimum wage increase in Maryland. "Some called it economic populism. I called it…
Three, commit to not appoint to key positions those who were the architects of dereg. Four, put in place real deterrents on Wall St. (2/2)
Every Dem. candidate should embrace four key Wall Street reforms: One, reinstitute Glass-Steagall. Two, close the revolving door. (1/2)
RT @jfritze: O'Malley: "We need to put the cops back on the street where Wall Street is concerned."
LIVE on : .@repbradmiller and I continuing to discuss the urgent need for Wall Street reforms.  
Speaking now about the importance of Wall Street reform—first, we must pass a modern version of Glass-Steagall. WATCH 
LIVE on : .@repbradmiller and I discuss the urgent need for additional Wall Street reforms. 
 
RT @IAcaucus2016: .@MartinOMalley speaking at  Candidate Series 
Sponsors: @aarp @DMACCNews
@Microsoft  http…
RT @JakeOeth: Good read in the Chicago Tribune about Friday night's @IowaDemocrats HOF about @MartinOMalley  …
Congrats to NY workers! A big victory, but we can’t stop until workers everywhere make at least $15/hr.  
We sent this to supporters &amp; guess what? A lot of them believe in science, too. You with them?  
Our economy is not money, our economy is people. 

There is an indisputable link between climate change and our national security:  @MotherJones 
Inspiration today comes from LA County. Let's keep fighting so every worker gets $15 an hour &amp; a union.  
RT @omalleyfornh: ICYMI our field director @elraymer gives 3 quick tips how you can get involved today.  
  
RT @omalleyfornh: WATCH: @omalleyfornh Field Director @elraymer gives 3 quick ways you can get involved with our campaign …
El domingo fuí a @AlPunto con @jorgeramosnews! ¿Te lo perdiste? Veélo aqui: 
As Pres., I’ll strengthen Dodd-Frank, reinstitute Glass-Steagall &amp; work tirelessly to hold Wall Street accountable. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Our state director is talking about our NH campaign w/group from @presidencyandpr that stopped by today!  http…
Happy anniversary Dodd-Frank: you aren't strong enough, but don’t worry, I won't let up on Wall Street reform. 
It was important I be @Netroots_Nation &amp; to be a part of the  conversation. I’m not done listening: 
RT @MattSheaff: Find out more   
La apertura de @USEmbCuba marca un capitulo histórico entre  Las acciones, no las palabras, importan. 
.@USEmbCuba opening marks an historic chapter in  relations. Actions, not words, matter most. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Mary Rauh sent out an email explaining why she’s proud to support @MartinOMalley Read here   htt…
RT @MarcNECN:  Update: @MartinOMalley to make 5 stops in NH on 7/26-7/27. 
RT @psutherlandNHPR: .@MartinOMalley will be back in NH Sunday &amp; Monday; he's stopping in Concord, Keene, Claremont, Lebanon &amp; Berlin http:…
. The voices of this impt movement are loud &amp; clear. I'm committed to continuing this conversation. 
RT @PuenteAZ: Missed @MartinOMalley's conversation with undocumented Arizonans? Watch here  
RT @DRMAction: "Real leadership not just supporting  but also executive action 2 protect families" @MartinOMalley http://…
RT @adi_max07: @MartinOMalley speaking to local people affected by immigration system while here in  just want to be heard. …
RT @DRMAction: "I will make sure as President our  system is not about breaking families apart" @MartinOMalley @PuenteAZ http:/…
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@PuenteAZ meeting with @MartinOMalley.  Thank you to all the  people who came to see us @ such a great org. http:/…
RT @BlancaSprkls: @MartinOMalley at immigration caucus  
RT @prernaplal: Presidential candidate @MartinOMalley speaking at  immigration caucus 
Meeting with progressive voices and writers @Netroots_Nation. Great conversation on the issues.  
RT @climatebrad: .@MartinOMalley is now hanging out with the crowd  
Everyone deserves a voice. . I WILL promote a racial justice agenda as president. -O'M  
RT @boschlagel: "I've been calling for an expansion of social security benefits for quite a long time" @MartinOMalley 
"You have put out the most specific &amp; the broadest immigration plan of any candidate this cycle." - @joseiswriting  TownHall
I believe as a nation we must be raising the minimum wage to $15/hour whenever and wherever we can.  
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@martinomalley is up w/ @joseiswriting!  
RT @MadeleineWiner: @MartinOMalley " need to find ways to take actions that actually allow &amp; empower our people to participate more fu…
Ready. Love this @Netroots_Nation crowd!   
Ready for @Netroots_Nation! Watch LIVE - the  will begin shortly:   
RT @Lis_Smith: @MartinOMalley gave "a soaring speech about traditional progressive values he hopes to restore the American dream.” http://t…
RT @_LeahKay_: .@MartinOMalley fans chanting outside after the Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame Dinner 
RT @hillarykwiatek: I will say, @MartinOMalley has the interpersonal skills and stamina. He's closing down the joint. 
RT if you're with us. Then, join our campaign for new leadership:   
RT @DREAMIowa: Thank you O'Malley for standing up for the 11 million undocumented immigrants    
RT @shermansez: Great speech @MartinOMalley !!!!!
RT @dsantuccio: Great speech from @MartinOMalley as he leaves the stage to chants of "O'Malley!"  
RT @betsy_klein: A standing ovation for @MartinOMalley 
RT @richie_schmidt: @MartinOMalley  at  "Make it easier for every American to join a  and collectively bargain!!" …
Actions, not words. Let's take action to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour whenever and wherever we can. 
RT @MattSheaff: "Let's take action to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour whenever and wherever we can" -@MartinOMalley
When women succeed, America succeeds.    
I am the only candidate for President with 15 years executive experience.   
RT @BrentGriffiths: A large ovation for @MartinOMalley as he takes the stage in Cedar Rapids 
RT @elraymer: Listen to that crowd!! # is excited to hear from @MartinOMalley 
Moments away from O'Malley's remarks at the @iowademocrats hall of fame dinner! Watch LIVE:  
RT @jtackeff: Everybody should watch @MartinOMalley speak at the  dinner tonight!   …
RT @ksosanie: These Iowans are ready for  with @MartinOMalley  
O'Malley has arrived!  
RT @kramer_ben: Team MD in Iowa for @MartinOMalley!   
T-minus two hours until the @iowademocrats hall of fame dinner! Watch live:   
Great to be back in Iowa. See you tonight @IowaDemocrats!  

RT @kramer_ben: All ready to talk @MartinOMalley and  w/ Dems at IDP Hall of Fame!  
RT @omalleyforia: Great welcome for @MartinOMalley in Washington, IA today! Ready for .  
Full room in Washington.  
Shaking every hand in Washington, Iowa!  
"I am in favor of re-instituting Glass-Steagall &amp; putting more cops on the beat on Wall Street."  
"Other candidates haven't addressed [immigration] as fully as Gov. O'" - IA resident Tom Leffler   
Why I'm running for President.  
Meeting and speaking with caucus-goers in Burlington this morning!  
RT @ksosanie: Greeting @MartinOMalley in Burlington, County Chair Sandy Dockendorf says "welcome to our county!"  …
Full house in Ottumwa, IA ready to talk immigration &amp; new leadership!  
RT @JosephOHern: 200 Days till Iowans will stand up in 1682 precinct caucuses for . @MartinOMalley @omalleyforia …
Leadership is about forging public consensus—not following it. We must raise the min. wage to $15/hour.  
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley doing retail politics the  way, at @JohnForbes4IA pharmacy. 
Another  event, another volunteer signup! Join the team today:   @omalleyforia 
RT @idaveprice: Maryland took in more of the Central American immigrant children per capita than any state--@MartinOMalley …
Sandra, community leader, "we need to bring everyone into the workforce. Everyone."   
"We need a better way of assessing our economic needs - I'd create an independent agency to set immigration policy." 
Watch LIVE: our roundtable with immigration activists in Des Moines, discussing the importance of immigration reform. 
11M people live &amp; work in an underground economy--we must bring them into the light of a fully participatory America. 
RT @ksosanie: Kicking off in Des Moines: @MartinOMalley laying out his comprehensive plan w/ IA immigration leaders  …
In Des Moines with local immigration activists &amp; community leaders discussing O'Malley's plan for immigration reform. 
RT @JosephOHern: 200 Days Till Caucus Doors Close! Come meet @MartinOMalley at an event near you!   http://t…
Campaign briefing from the candidate after a great few days forging new leadership on immigration reform. 
RT @ThisIsAmerica: .@jorgeramosnews to @MartinOMalley: I think your immigration plan is 'the most inclusive and progressive so far' https:/…
As Governor of Maryland, I fought to make the American Dream a reality for all.   
As Pres. I will take immediate action to extend relief to millions of new American families:  
Read my op-ed in @gazettedotcom—we must come together to make immigration reform a reality:   
RT @omalleyfornh: ICYMI: @MartinOMalley talks big issues with @maddow last night. Watch the clip here  
Planet or no planet, the  was a landmark achievement in space exploration. Congrats to all in MD &amp; beyond who played their part.
   
RT @msnbc: Tune in to .@maddow now for her interview with .@MartinOMalley on msnbc! 
Catch me on @msnbc with @maddow in just 15 minutes at 9:30pm EST discussing my campaign for . 
Why do I think ACA coverage should apply to more New Americans? Watch:  
Tenet 2: because families should be able to stay together.   
Tenet 1 of my immigration plan?  Provide deferred action to the greatest possible number of . 
RT @TIMEPolitics: Martin O'Malley pledges to go further than President Obama on immigration  via @Sam_Frizell
RT @jorgeramosnews: Gob @MartinOMalley propuso hoy el plan migratorio más ambicioso entre todos los candidatos (con seguro de salud) https:…
RT @jorgeramosnews: @MartinOMalley released the most inclusive immigration plan so far. Includes healthcare for undocumented immigrants. ht…
Our diversity is our strength, and I’ll always be guided by that principle.   
“Anger and fear never built a great nation. We have to focus on the beliefs that unite us and never give up.” 
RT @DRMAction: Undocumented attorney talks deep problems w detention &amp; criminalizing undocumented immigrants @ @MartinOMalley event http://…
Discussion time: tune in to our immigration roundtable live on   
Gustavo Torres, @Somos_CASA “I’m proud to say that we rescued the [refugee] kids. And it’s because of the leadership of Governor O’Malley."
Maria, a panelist at today's roundtable, speaking of her experiences and struggles with the immigration system. 
RT @DRMAction: .@MartinOMalley talks about expanding DACA, covering immigrants under healthcare, ending detention for families &amp; closing th…
Click each image to read more details on just four of six tenets from my immigration plan:  
Happening NOW: Governor O'Malley leads a roundtable of New Americans to discuss his comprehensive immigration plan: 
LIVE on : I’m joining a group of New Americans to discuss the importance of comprehensive immigration ref… 
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@martinomalley backstage at  roundtable saying "let's go make our ancestors proud"  …
Today I'm releasing a detailed plan for comprehensive immigration reform. Read more:  
Demonizing, hateful speech will not lead this country forward. Progressive leadership &amp; executive experience will. 
.@Bettermarkets says what we're all thinking: voters deserve to know each candidates' plan to stand up to Wall Street 
RT @latinpost: Democratic candidate @MartinOMalley talks about immigration &amp; the positive impact of  on the economy …
Luchemos juntos para que el Sueño Americano se convierta en una realidad para todos.   
RT @kalst05: Martin O'Malley is really making his case for my vote. He doesn't seem to just be speaking, he's showing me what he's done for…
RT @shaunadamec: "When children arrive on our  we can not turn them away. Or worse, chain them up in " - @MartinOMall…
RT @yvetteanunez: @MartinOMalley addresses  issues. "Boricuas have died on our battlefields. We must not let their economy colla…
RT @ClinicaAlicia: Whoa! Talking about Puerto Rico! And Deportations of Haitians in the DR! Way to get into it, @MartinOMalley ! 
RT @yvetteanunez: THANK YOU @MartinOMalley for addressing not just  but crises in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.  …
RT @FlatlandKC: .@MartinOMalley says we need to raise , ensure collective bargaining rights, and reduce college debt. http://t.…
"In Maryland, we pursued our own DREAM Act to ensure that 36,000 Dreamers could have access to affordable higher education.” @NCLR 
RT @Allie_Kite: "Not only were we all once strangers in a strange land, but we are all in this " @MartinOMalley  http://t…
"The genius of our country is not so much about where you came from, it’s where you’re going—and where we’re all going, together.” @NCLR
"My great grandfather had no money. His first language was not English—but the hopes &amp; dreams he had for his children were purely American."
Watch LIVE as Governor O’Malley speaks from the National Council of La Raza:  @NCLR
Congratulations to @selcharrodeoro for an amazing performance of our national anthem.  @NCLR 
Felicidades a @selcharrodeoro por ese gran rendimiento de nuestro himno nacional.  . 
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@selcharrodeoro sings national anthem @NCLR!  @MartinOMalley says: I want to meet this kid :)!!  …
RT @GabiDomenzain: .@martinomalley greets @NCLR president @jmurguia_nclr before his Keynote :)!!  
Bookmark this link, and at 1:30pm EST today watch my speech @NCLR:   
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley picks up nice Iowa endorser: John Murphy explains why he's backing the Guv:  …
RT @GCforOMalley: Drove 1 hour and got a 2 hour rain delay, but still worth it to support @MartinOMalley in Ankeney!  http://t.…
Even a rain delay couldn't keep these volunteers from the parade in Ankeny! Join the team:  
RT @omalleyforia: We had a great time this morning in Ankeny. Thanks to all who joined us to support @MartinOMalley!  …
Leticia and Vickie added their voices to my letter to Wall Street. Have you added yours?  
Miss the latest trip to New Hampshire? Check out photos, tweets, and some of the best moments:  
Other candidates are "speaking out" on guns. I'm the only one who's done something about them:  
Ofrezco un poema de solidaridad a los inmigrantes de hoy y de ayer: son la esencia de este país. 

A poem close to my heart. All Americans have talents, passions &amp; sacrifices we should embrace. 

RT @PolicyMic: So @martinomalley just came out swinging hard against Wall Street and megabanks  
Tonight, @chrislhayes &amp; I discussed Wall Street reform, debt-free college, my record as Governor of MD &amp; more. Watch: 
RT @Zenber1: Martin O'Malley said it best. If the big banks are too big to fail, then they should be broken up!
I'll be on @msnbc with @chrislhayes at 8:30pm EST tonight -- tune in.  
Via @micnews "Martin O'Malley Comes Out Swinging Hard At Wall Street"  Read the letter: 
RT @hughbartling: Just saw this op-ed from Dem. pres candidate @MartinOMalley on his climate agenda.  Good stuff: 
I’ll work tirelessly to hold Wall Street megabanks accountable—I hope other Pres. candidates will follow my lead. 
My heart goes out to the two Israeli citizens held in Gaza, and their families. They should be released immediately and unconditionally.
RT @omalleyfornh: On @MartinOMalley "‘He looks at people, he listens to people, he engages, he doesn’t just talk at them”- Mary Rauh http:/…
Agree? Sign on to my letter, and use @Genius to add your own comment for Wall Street to see:  
RT @Genius: Thoughts on @MartinOMalley's open letter to Wall Street's megabanks? Annotate it with Genius:  …
Read and annotate my open letter to Wall Street’s megabanks—for too long they’ve posed enormous risks to our economy: 
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Martin O'Malley to drop a 10-page white paper on Wall Street. Goes after banks and agency heads alike …
RT @MattSheaff: Great day in NH with @MartinOMalley talking .  
RT @dominiclm_: I just read @MartinOMalley's plan to make college more affordable and I really like it. It seems feasible. …
RT @bivonajohn: .@MartinOMalley shaking every last hand after a great event in Concord.    …
RT @jillianmaccini: Glad to see @MartinOMalley in Concord, NH tonight sounding like a proud democrat. "We cannot cut our way to prosperity.…
RT @caseymcdermott: .@GovernorOMalley leads the crowd in one of his standbys: This Land Is Your Land. 
RT @omalleyfornh: Great turnout here at @MartinOMalley backyard town hall in Concord  
RT @gisellahart: "It is not the technology that is lacking, it's the political will." @MartinOMalley talking about action on . …
RT @CollegeDemsofMA: 👀 check out @MartinOMalley's plan for debt-free college ⬇️ 
.@JebBush no, debt-free college is not about “free stuff.” It’s about providing opportunities for every American. 
RT @Students4MD: Thank you, @GovernorOMalley, for freezing college tuition for the University System of Maryland for four years! https://t.…
RT @eddiequintana: Governor O'Malley's plan to make college debt-free is pretty impressive. And his record shows he's serious about it. htt…
RT @meganbrabec: Today I met @MartinOMalley, and he said he will make college affordable. 
I know what worked in MD—now I’ve released my plan for the nation to make college debt-free:  
RT @GradsHaveDebt2: To chase the American dream, I put myself thru law school. I'll be paying off my loans until I'm 60.

…
RT @Eva4organizing: I support @MartinOMalley comprehensive college plan. I remember my family scraping together tuition each semester then …
RT @MrJoshuaBrown: Had a great conversation w/ @MartinOMalley staff about Iowa &amp; education. Looking forward to making education a top prior…
RT @paulah: Great to see true leadership on college funding. Thanks @MartinOMalley Take note @arneduncan @WhiteHouse @usedgov …
RT @edisonmcdonald: @MartinOMalley has the right positions, plans to implement them, and the experience to make it happen!  h…
Thanks @BoldProgressive @Demos_org for supporting my plan to provide debt-free college for every student. 
RT @jfritze: .@MartinOMalley froze tuition in Md. for years &amp; then capped hikes at 3%. Tuition fell relative to other states.    …
RT @OmarWoodard: Solid plan all around. Even child care support for parents going back to school 
70% of students face student debt upon graduation. I addressed this in MD—today, I announced a plan for the nation: 
RT @MattSheaff: .@MartinOMalley talking about debt free college plan with voters at Blakes's in Manchester  …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley makes an impromptu stop to meet voters at Blake's in Manchester with Alderman Dan O'Neil …
RT @nhiop: .@MartinOMalley is at the Institute this morning to discuss student debt with professors, students, and parents …
RT @omalleyfornh: Maryland Gov. @MartinOMalley stumps on eliminating public college student debt
 via @tuohy …
We must not hold New Americans back from fulfilling their true potential. 
Via @NicholsUprising, "Martin O’Malley Has the Right Solution for Puerto Rico’s Debt Crisis” 
I’m proud of Grace for sharing her story today. Will you share yours with us?   
RT @latinpost: Democratic Presidential Candidate @MartinOMalley to Deliver  Keynote 

We must prevent another Wall Street meltdown from bringing down hard-working families.  
Thanks @SenWarren @SenJohnMccain @SenatorCantwell @SenAngusKing for reintroducing Glass-Steagall—it's essential in preventing another crash.
The cornerstone of American strength in the world is economic strength at home—read my foreign policy op-ed on @time: 
RT @omalleyforia: "Leadership can solve problems, it can bring people together to make progress."  - @martinomalley  …
RT @MattSheaff: "The American Dream should be real for every family" - @MartinOMalley talking  with @pchowder  …
Tune in momentarily as I join @pchowder live at Noon to chat about  and new leadership. 
Listen live at Noon as I join Arnie Arnesen @pchowder to talk about this country's great need for new leadership! 
Check out the faces of new volunteers from Iowa to New Hampshire, and join them!   
WATCH—some key moments from Iowa this weekend:    @omalleyforia
Cheryl quickly supported O’Malley after hearing him speak in 2014. Now, she's a volunteer in Iowa.  
Congrats to the new world champs!! Proud of  @ussoccer_wnt for bringing the trophy home.
RT @omalleyfornh: .@MartinOMalley is back in New Hampshire on Wednesday! Sign up for more information  
RT @omalleyforia: “The love of our red, white, and blue means we must go green” -@martinomalley in Clinton, IA on Independence Day. …
RT @omalleyforia: Perfect way to end a successful 3-day tour -- a 4th of July picnic with Clinton County Dems &amp; @MartinOMalley …
From Amherst and Wolfeboro, NH to Independence and Dubuque, IA—happy Independence Day from the O'Malley team! 
RT @JakeOeth: Kevin Healey in Dubuque committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley today!   
Loud and proud in the Amherst parade in New Hampshire!  @omalleyfornh

RT @omalleyfornh: Ready for  in wolfeboro! 
RT @omalleyforia: John Murphy endorses @martinomalley for President of the United States in Dubuque today.  
RT @omalleyfornh: Sign ups continue here in Amherst for @MartinOMalley . You can sign up too   …
RT @bivonajohn: .@omalleyfornh celebrating July 4th in Amherst! Lots of support for  and @martinomalley  http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: .@martinomalley with the Girl Scouts of Independence, IA say: Happy Independence Day!    …
RT @omalleyforia: Team @MartinOMalley at the end of today’s parade in Independence- thanks to all who walked with us!  …
RT @omalleyforia: Third stop of the day, @MartinOMalley talking renewable energy &amp; rebuilding American Dream in Waterloo  http://t…
Sing, Iowa.  

We should incentivize production of clean energy—it's better for our environment &amp; consumers.  
That means 60 handshakes and 60 conversations—I enjoy hearing from everyone in the room! 
RT @HeavenAndBalder: Kaley has committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley When will you?   
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley won't stop taking questions here in Newton!   
RT @greghauenstein: I really like that @GovernorOMalley takes the time to meet everyone in the room. No potential caucus-goer taken for gra…
RT @ksosanie: In Newton, IA @MartinOMalley talking about rebuilding the American Dream w/ quality clean energy jobs  …
RT @JosephOHern: .@MartinOMalley meeting jasper county democrats who are excited for !  
RT @ericlitmer: Wow. What a crowd in , IA for @MartinOMalley and @omalleyforia today!   
Touring the DMACC wind turbine—Iowa is leading the way in clean energy production, an example for our future. 
RT @omalleyforia: After hearing him speak tonight, Dianna from West Des Moines committed to caucus for @MartinOMalley!  …
Wrapped up the day in Waukee—great support &amp; great conversations about clean energy &amp; jobs!   
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley leading a sing along in Iowa. Packed house joining in chorus.  
RT @IAStartingLine: .@MartinOMalley gets applause for saying that Maryland was #1 for women-owned businesses  …
RT @ChouBenjamin: Absolutely packed. I'm in a corner and on the tips of my toes. Folks just want to meet @MartinOMalley! …
RT @JosephOHern: Full house @1908Draught with the @DallasCoDem and @MartinOMalley!  
We must square our shoulders to a clean, renewable energy future.   
RT @ksosanie: SIRE CEO to @MartinOMalley: "These are steady jobs &amp; for our area some of the best 's important for new generation…
Discussing the products and processes around refining ethanol at  here in Council Bluffs, IA. 
RT @ksosanie: .@MartinOMalley talking ethanol &amp; energy jobs at Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs  …
RT @GrantMRodgers: .@MartinOMalley arrives at Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs to talk ethanol.  …
.@nytopinion I agree, federal lawmakers have to allow 's public corporations to restructure debt in court. 
.@nytopinion Estoy de acuerdo. El Congreso debe permitir que las corporaciones de  reestructuren su deuda. 
Green design, net zero homes—if we seed these investments we can create an economy with new jobs &amp; opportunities: 
Going to IA tomorrow—they've met the climate challenge with a jobs agenda. Watch what we discussed on my last trip:

.@UniPolitica TY! Spanish language media is responsible for us being informed on such pressing issues. Gracias a ustedes estamos informados.
La diplomacia crea oportunidades. @StateDept &amp;  están dando otro paso hacia adelante para fortalecer nuestra relación y el hemisferio.
Diplomacy creates opportunity. Glad to see @StateDept &amp;  move forward with plans to strengthen our relationship &amp; hemisphere.
RT @omalleyforia: .@MartinOMalley is spending 4th of July weekend in Iowa talking about climate change &amp; energy. Join us! …
You can help us reach our first fundraising goal of this campaign, but we only have 1 hour left. Pitch in &amp; join us: 
El Congreso y la @lacasablanca deben actuar de inmediato para evitar un colapso económico en . 
Congress and the @WhiteHouse must act now to help  avoid financial collapse. 
Detentions are cruel, costly &amp; against our values. I commend those rallying on behalf of LGBT New Americans.  @unitedwedream
Las detenciones son crueles, costosas y van en contra de nuestros valores. Agradezco a todos defendiendo a la comunidad LGBT. @UNITEDWEDREAM
RT @AR_Future: Thank you @MartinOMalley for supporting  &amp; thousands of American jobs &amp; investments. Read the full op-ed here: http://t.…
RT @omalleyforia: Take a look at @MartinOMalley's op-ed in today's @DMRegister: We can get all our energy from renewables  http://…
We need to respect the rights of all workers to organize &amp; collectively bargain— ruling on  could jeopardize that promise.
Congrats to the home care workers @1199mass for leading the way! We need a $15 min wage to rebuild our middle class. 
I applaud the administrations decision to extend overtime pay for millions—an issue I've long advocated for: 
Visited the Irish Consulate in NY to sign a book of condolence for young Irish immigrants killed in a deck collapse. 
RT @MollieByron: Full house of volunteers calling tonight for @MartinOMalley in  please donate at  http://t…
A day in the life of our field organizers &amp; volunteers on @storify. Check it out:   
As Gov., I helped expand laws to protect Marylanders on the basis of gender identity. Now we must expand those protections federally. 
Last week  affirmed that marriage is a human right—but discrimination against LGBT employees is still far too prevalent. 
RT @RuralOrganizing: Here in Iowa we're asking 2016 candidates about their platform for  America. First up. @MartinOMalley …
“Our economy is not money. Our economy is people. All of our people.” Check out more moments from Iowa:  
Ending our reliance on fossil fuels would extend the lives of 200,000 Americans each year:   
Failing to limit the mercury, arsenic, and other toxins produced by our dirtiest power plants is a moral failure and a public health crisis.
Today’s  @EPA decision reinforces the need to transition to clean energy &amp; commit to ending our reliance on fossil fuels w/in 35 yrs.
RT @PsychoJaguar: @MartinOMalley "our economy is not money. Our economy is people. All of our people" 
RT @JakeOeth: Sun setting on a @MartinOMalley event in Ames after a great day traveling across the state!   …
RT @realgregmargida: Made the pilgrimage of  hours to Ames to see @MartinOMalley!   …
RT @clairequestion: "Now this is the fun part! Questions!" I love my candidate.   @MartinOMalley  http:…
RT @mhildreth: Big crowd for @martinomalley in Sioux City  
RT @ChouBenjamin: .@kiera__h working it at the Redfield Parade today with the Dallas County Democrats @omalleyforia 
RT @afreedman23: Folks at the Linn County Fair are excited to caucus for .@MartinOMalley   
RT @WhitneyLarsen77: Special shout out to @sassygabe for speaking to folks about @MartinOMalley at the Twin Cities Pride Festival  …
So excited that —had to take part in the celebration!   
What a day for our country—join me in celebrating today’s decision &amp; thanking the advocates who helped make it happen 
Reminded of Will and his moms on the day we passed marriage equality in MD. There’s no greater human right than love. 
So grateful to the people of MD for leading the way on this important issue of human dignity and equality under the law. 
No fighter jet or troop battalion will keep us as safe as a vibrant economy, a strong democracy, &amp; a growing middle class. 
RT @TrumanProject: "Only with a stronger, more inclusive economy can we maintain our security." -@MartinOMalley 
We must amplify credible voices in the region, counter propaganda—ensure our partners have what they need to contain, degrade &amp; defeat ISIS.
RT @WindyGlick: Amazing to hear @MartinOMalley use  as a clean energy success story at  . Props to @CCAN!  http://…
America can &amp; must lead the way by pursuing an ambitious plan that ensures our country is powered 100% by clean energy, by 2050. 
RT @Jon_Scanlon: .@MartinOMalley: wants 100% clean energy production in US by 2050 
Comprehensive immigration reform is both an economic and national security imperative. 
We must create a more far-sighted &amp; proactive foreign policy—based on engagement and collaboration, rather than going it alone. 
RT @TrumanProject: "We must ask the right questions: how do we balance the use of our military, diplomatic, and economic tools?" - @MartinO…
RT @AlexandraIToma: .@MartinOMalley:  based on . Yes, sir.  
Thanks @TrumanProject for having me—honored to speak on  foreign policy, national security, &amp; America’s role in the world. 
Today's Fair Housing decision is an important win for justice and opportunity in our cities &amp; communities.  
The Affordable Care Act has helped more than 17 million Americans access quality and affordable health coverage.  
Now that this ideological attempt to stop  failed, we must redouble our efforts to bring health care to every person in this nation.
Congrats to @steelworkers who won better health &amp; safety protections. This kind of victory is what unions are about: 
RT @afreedman23: @SCohen22 laying the groundwork in Cedar Rapids for @MartinOMalley   
As we await SCOTUS decisions on marriage equality, join us &amp; support  by updating your profile picture! 
.@SenatorLeahy &amp; @repjohnlewis are showing incredible leadership with their legislation to . I hope this passes swiftly.
I’m inviting every interested Iowan to join me for a discussion this Sunday. RSVP today:  
RT @omalleyfornh: Good morning NH! @GovernorOMalley talks w/ @bensarro about  at 8:40 on @WNTK997 listen here …
.@motherboard profiles my climate plan, and commitment to 100% clean energy: 
I believe—within 35 yrs—our country can &amp; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs: 
RT @omalleyforia: .@GovernorOMalley is coming to western &amp; central Iowa on Sunday for 3 grassroots events. RSVP here: …
RT @omalleyforia: Our events are open to all! Come meet @GovernorOMalley in Iowa at one of our 3 public events on Sunday: …
We should not be fast-tracking bad trade deals that depress wages for American workers and send more American jobs abroad. 
What have we come to when Congress votes on bills affecting our economy, wages, jobs, &amp; enviro. that the rest of us aren’t allowed to read?
We owe it to our vets to provide access to the best education, health care, &amp; job training services—to go above &amp; beyond for their futures.
71 years ago today, President Roosevelt signed the GI Bill into law, and this enabled my dad, a WWII bombardier to attend college.
.@LarryHogan Katie and I are sending our thoughts &amp; prayers to you and your family, and wishing you the best in overcoming this challenge.
No govt building should adorn this rallying banner for hate. Join me in saying: take it down. 

A single life in America is worth more than all the guns in the United States.

It's time that state govt officials of South Carolina retire the Confederate flag to a museum.  
RT @jeffjamawat: @GovernorOMalley: "We must rebuild America's  as places of  and  for all."  http://…
RT @lblarrea: America must be better "we still have time to be great Americans"  @GovernorOMalley 
How many senseless acts of violence do we have to endure as a people before we stand up to the Congressional lobbyists of the NRA?
If families of Charleston can forgive, is it too much to ask SC state government officials to retire the Confederate flag to a museum?
If the families affected in Charleston can forgive, is it too much to ask that we do something as a nation?
Yet, out of this carnage—this despicable racial massacre, we saw the true spirit of our nation rise. We saw forgiveness.
We come together in a sad week in the life of our country. Another senseless gun massacre in America. 
Speaking now @usmayors—watch live:  
In just 30 minutes I’ll speak live to @usmayors. Tune in:  
Proud to be the son of a war vet, a bombardier, a brave man and dedicated lawyer. Thinking of him today, and always. 
Everyone has the right to safe schools, safe places to worship, and safe streets. You with me? 
It's time we recognize this is a national crisis. It's time we say what we're all thinking: this is not the America we want to be living in.
I’m pissed. We're asking what it will take to stop this violence? We must stop asking: we must act now, as a nation. 
RT @Morning_Joe: Coming  @GovernorOMalley!  
I'll be on @morning_joe @msnbc at 7:30 this morning to discuss the tragedy in South Carolina -- tune in.
 is facing a healthcare crisis. We must act before thousands lose coverage:  
My heart goes out to the victims of this tragedy &amp; their loved ones. Katie &amp; I are keeping Charleston &amp; the AME community in our prayers.
.@ijreview Is this a formal invite? I can take them!
The  must show moral leadership—we cannot turn our backs on Haitians persecuted in the Dominican Republic: 
RT @omalleyfornh: Our office at 223 S. Willow in Manchester is open. Come check us out  
Putting the final touches on our Manchester office! Hope to see you there soon:  @omalleyfornh 
Ed from Davenport, IA joined our campaign for . Get on board:  @omalleyforia 
Over 80 years ago today, Glass-Steagall was signed into law. We must work now to reinstate it. 
Glad to have Peter on our team as we fight for the progressive values that will move our nation forward.  
RT @iowadailydem: In Marshalltown, @governoromalley fired up progressives with a focus on the economy. 
Now is the time for leadership. I know where I stand on TPP—stand with me:  
For the thousands whose jobs are on the line with TPP, fast track is not a 'process' issue: it’s a vote on their future &amp; their livelihood.
Miss out on some of our trip to Iowa? We’ve put it all together for you:   
Happy Anniversary ! Thanks to the DREAMers &amp; New Americans working to bring our immigrants out of the shadows. 
Big crowds in Portsmouth yesterday at Market Square Day—and some great celtic tunes on the guitar.  
RT @Jay1043: .@GovernorOMalley clearly enjoys meeting people &amp; the press. Joyful and smart on the trail.  
  …
Thanks, Ian!  
RT @shaunadamec: "We've got to go bigger, bolder" on  - @GovernorOMalley commits to full funding of @americorps  http:…
Stopped by @ServiceNation in Manchester to thank them for their service.  
RT @SomersworthDems: Governor O'Malley in Dover --- shaking every hand 
Our economy is people, &amp; people deserve a leader who is not afraid of a tough challenge.   
RT @jtackeff: .@GovernorOMalley talking  and enjoying some fro-yo here in Dover!    …
RT @BradyCarlson: 1st question for @GovernorOMalley on environment. Says MD set goals to reduce emissions, energy use while boosting green …
RT @omalleyfornh: Taking questions and meeting voters. The New Hampshire way.  
RT @omalleyfornh: A little Celtic music at Portsmouth market square days  
RT @McCrayLaurie: Martin O'Malley with Portsmouth Dems at Market Square Day   
RT @caroseberryenh: Great to see @GovernorOMalley here in portsmouth.
Signing up volunteers in Portsmouth!    
The people of Iowa expect to have a conversation. Yesterday, we had a few:   
I’m returning to New Hampshire tomorrow, and I want to meet you. RSVP today:  
Share this far and wide—Congress should not vote on a trade deal that Americans are not allowed to read. 

Clip from the road: speaking to the Hawkeye Labor Council in Cedar Rapids, IA about  and   
RT @BrianHeeren: Good retail politician. @GovernorOMalley  recognized me from past event. Proud to commit to   http:…
From Marshalltown, to Mt. Vernon &amp; Iowa City, it was an incredible day meeting supporters ready for . 
RT @johndeeth: .@GovernorOMalley shakes every hand in room. Stands on chair to speak. 
RT @rioventricular: Listening to @GovernorOMalley speak tonight in Iowa City. Great opportunity to get involved and listen for 2016.
RT @omalleyforia: Thanks so much to the Willems Family for hosting @GovernorOMalley &amp; 80+ Iowans in their home tonight!   http://t…
Looking at a room of supporters in Mt. Vernon ready to commit to caucus for !  
Taking questions in Mt. Vernon, IA at a packed house party!    
RT @JosephOHern: .@JakeOeth @GovernorOMalley standing room only at this full house! Lots of excitement for !
RT @omalleyforia: Rep Nate Willems now introducing @GovernorOMalley in Mt Vernon at another packed house in Iowa!   …
RT @ksosanie: College students for @GovernorOMalley going strong in Marshalltown  
RT @omalleyforia: .@governoromalley in Marshalltown spoke &amp; took questions from more than 65 Iowans    …
RT @ericlitmer: Overflow crowd watching through the windows to hear @GovernorOMalley   
Packed house in Marshalltown, IA for —overflow conversation going on the porch!  @omalleyforia 
RT @LaurenBlanch12: Greeting people who weren't able 2get a spot inside house @GovernorOMalley. Rain is pretty heavy. Living room packed ht…
RT @JakeOeth: Great crowd in Marshalltown as @GovernorOMalley arrives!  
RT @omalleyforia: While her Mom &amp; Dad prepare to host @GovernorOMalley in Marshalltown, Fiona guards the snack table  …
@BaughanJacob @ksosanie come out to one of our events today! Or, sign up to volunteer here: 
RT @ksosanie: First road trip with the  IA team. Ready for 3 great events with @GovernorOMalley today!  …
RT @SCohen22: Come meet @GovernorOMalley tonight @530 321 3rd st sw Mt Vernon   
: a very early picture with my parents—proud Americans of German and Irish descent.  
Looking forward to being on @jackheathradio tomorrow at 8am! Tune in:  
RT @AVusk: Francestown's Democratic Chair Lawrie Barr is ready for !   
It is not fair, nor right, nor just that people who play by the rules face this reality:  
This is historic:  commits to decarbonization. We must continue to lead—do better, do more—on . 
Excited to return to Iowa tomorrow! Hope to see you there:   @omalleyforia 
Adding to our campaign playlist (on repeat):    
RT @ForeignPolicy: The  government – and the next president – needs to take cybersecurity seriously, writes @GovernorOMalley …
RT @jtackeff: Great meeting with Wendy in Dover today. It was fun to talk about  and .   http://t…
RT @omalleyforia: Ready for @governoromalley's visit on Thursday? RSVP for the events in Marshalltown, Mt Vernon &amp;Iowa City …
Maryland’s record of achievement on cybersecurity issues provides a path forward for the nation:  
This Thursday, I'm coming to Iowa for a few house parties—join me:   @omalleyforia 
A new agenda is urgently needed to improve our nation’s cybersecurity. Read my op-ed in @ForeignPolicy:  
RT @omalleyfornh: .@omalleyfornh RFD @AVusk talks w/ Nashua City Dems about  &amp;  tonight  …
RT @omalleyfornh: .@omalleyfornh State Director @bivonajohn talking w Rockingham County Dems about  &amp;   http…
¡Hoy lancè mi pagina en español! Unete a nuestra campaña para :  
I’ll work to pass comprehensive immigration reform within my first 100 days in office. RT if you’re with me. 
As Governor, O’Malley raised MD’s min. wage &amp; passed a living wage for contractors. Read more about his record: 
It's simple: I support a $15 minimum wage for hard-working Americans. Full stop.   
We love our volunteers! Great day at the Waukee parade—join our Iowa team here:  @omalleyforia 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@omalleyfornh Deputy State Dir @MattSheaff talks about  and  with Manchester Dems this AM http…
No child should go to school hungry &amp; be left behind. BIG step in Baltimore to give free meals to ALL students: 
We cannot continue to keep 11 million people living in a shadow economy:  
"O’Malley remained steadfast in painting himself as a candidate of the people looking to save the American Dream" 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@governoromalley instituted early voting, established online voter registration &amp;same-day registration for early voters.…
RT @omalleyfornh: .@governoromalley believes voting is a sacred right and that we should be making it easier for people to vote, not harder…
: I'll never forget the day we signed this bill for Maryland—a day for human dignity.   
.@USHCC !Gracias y nos vemos pronto!
Wage-gap, trade, immigration, Wall Street: issues that affect us all. I'm thankful I had the chance to talk about them with @USHCC today!
Tune in to see my discussion with the @USHCC now! 
We're giving away  bumper stickers! Get yours free, today:  
RT @omalleyfornh: We want  to rebuild the American Dream. Find out more &amp; sign up  …
I'm proud the Supreme Court upheld civil rights and equal employment for ALL Americans: 
RT @omalleyfornh: .@GovernorOMalley greets voters in New Hampshire this past Sunday 
We're  today, for the more than 33,000 people who will fall victim to gun violence this year. 
"O'Malley is now public enemy #1 in the halls of Goldman Sachs." Good to hear. I'm not running for them: 
RT @omalleyforia: Iowa was @governoromalley’s first stop after launching his presidential campaign. Read more: 
Our grassroots teams in Iowa and New Hampshire are on Twitter! Follow them for updates on how to get involved: @omalleyforIA &amp; @omalleyforNH
There is no such thing as a spare American:  
Snapshots from New Hampshire.    
We've got a long way to go, but it'll be more fun if we work together. Join us:   
He raised the minimum wage in MD &amp; helped lower income taxes for 86% of Marylanders—read more about Martin's record: 
Joining @MariaESalinas to talk vital importance of Latino &amp; immigration issues in 2016. Tune in to @Univision @ 6:30! 
Miss the big announcement this weekend? Find out why Martin’s running:   
Joining @GMA now to discuss #2016 and need to rebuild American Dream 
I'll be on @GMA at 7:10 this morning to talk #2016. Make sure to tune in!
The American Dream belongs to all of us. Help rebuild it:  
Good to hear from you after all these years, @SarahPalinUSA. There's still room in GOP primary for another entrant! 
We need to make our economy work again for everyone. 
Join our campaign to rebuild the American dream   
.@HillaryClinton Thanks, Hillary. I'm eager to engage in a healthy debate about our visions for America.
Today, I declare that I am a candidate for President of the United States, and I am running for YOU.  
"The story of our country’s best days is not in a history book, because this generation of Americans is about to write it." 
"We must also bring 11 million of our neighbors out of the shadows by passing comprehensive immigration reform." 
"America needs a higher minimum wage &amp; respect for the rights of workers to organize &amp; collectively bargain for better wages." 
Today, I announced my candidacy for President. I'm running for you, and your future. Join me:   -Martin
"Our economy isn't money, our economy is people—all of our people."  
"Our land of opportunity is being turned into a land of inequality. Main Street declines, while Wall Street soars." 
"Unemployment in many American cities and in many small towns across the  is higher now than it was 8 years ago." 
"Our nation was founded on two self-evident &amp; there was no fine print. There is no such thing as a spare American." 
I'm running for president to rebuild the American Dream. Watch:

"I want to talk with you today about the American Dream"  
LIVE on : Tune in to Governor O'Malley's big announcement 
I'm running for president to rebuild the American Dream. Watch: 
The O'Malley's are ready. Are you?  
Tune in to this morning's big announcement! Watch live:  
Prepping for a big moment this morning.  
RT @GStephanopoulos: Tomorrow, I'll sit down w/ @GovernorOMalley exclusively after his “big announcement.” See it on @ThisWeekABC.
I'm making a big announcement tomorrow! Stay  
Today, we honor and remember our fallen heroes. 
From Maryland to  and all across America, progress marches forward for equal rights and human dignity. 
It's a great day to be Irish -- three cheers for marriage equality.
My position is clear: today's fast-track vote was a vote against American jobs. The House must act and say no to .
I kept a sign on my desk that said “No Irish Need Apply", as a reminder we were all once strangers in a strange land

My parent's grand-parents were immigrants, but their dreams were deeply American.

Will you be there?  
Happy Birthday @BloomLuka! “Let It Shine!"
Am I running for President? Find out first -&gt;   
America is at its best when it embraces its role as a shining light of democracy and freedom in the world. 
I made a major announcement in New Hampshire last week. Did you see it?

I made a major announcement in New Hampshire last week.  Did you see it? 
Well done, LA! When workers earn more, businesses have more customers &amp; our whole economy grows.  
Join me on May 30th at 10am on Federal Hill in Baltimore, MD for a special announcement.  
Support new leadership:  
I've got exciting news to share about my upcoming announcement on May 30th. Follow me on Snapchat at GovernorOMalley to find out @ 12pm ET!
We’ll be making a decision in the coming days. Are you with us?  
I am opposed to the death penalty on principle. It doesn't work &amp; it doesn't reflect who we are as a people 
We should not be in the business of building barbed wire detention camps. 
Be the first to know -&gt;  
Let's lead with our principles &amp; end them. 
We should not be in the business of building barbed wire detention camps. Detentions are cruel, costly &amp; against our values-esp for families
We boarded a B-24 Liberator recently (my dad flew them in WWII). See it in Baltimore this wknd  
To get the latest, follow me on @Snapchat 
I have a big announcement coming up. Be the first to know about my plans → 
TPP did not move forward today thanks to your voice &amp; the Senators who stood up. We must demand better &amp; stop . 
Just want to take a sec to tell my Mom thanks for all she does as an amazing Mom and Grandma. Happy Mothers Day! 
Looking forward to a good discussion with @JamesFallows tonight on Baltimore &amp; the future of our nation's cities. 
We are not defeated as a city, and we are not about to throw in the towel on our country. 
RT @NBCNewsPR: .@GovernorOMalley: This should be a wake up call for the entire country. We have deep problems, and we need deeper understan…
I joined @chucktodd this AM to talk Baltimore. While this was a heartbreaking setback, Baltimore is not defeated &amp; Baltimore will be back.
RT @TheLeadCNN: We need a larger conversation on race, says former Maryland @GovernorOMalley to @jaketapper on  …
RT @jaketapper: Coming up on : all the latest breaking news on the  case &amp; some tough q's for @GovernorOMalley http://t…
RT @jaketapper: Race, poverty, crime, policing and more --our TV exclusive interview with former BMore Mayor @GovernorOMalley on  a…
We Are Capable of More 
"Our future is in Baltimore" 
RT @MayorSRB: Want to volunteer or looking for people to come assist your neighborhood? Check out: 
We must come together as one City to transform this moment of loss &amp; pain into a safer &amp; more just future for all of Baltimore's people(2/2)
I'm saddened that the City I love is in such pain this night. All of us share a profound feeling of grief for Freddie Gray &amp; his family(1/2)
My thoughts and prayers are with Freddie Gray's family and friends today as we remember and honor his life.
Well played, Mr. President. Well played.
Thanks to @Harrison4SC &amp; @SCDP for having me for ! Great seeing everyone and look forward being back again soon.
Had a great time touring @Oculus today. Thanks to CEO @brendaniribe for supporting  here and @UofMaryland 
You can read more about my  proposals here: 
To end the student debt crisis for good we have to make college affordable for everyone. 

Alone, these two proposals will go a long way toward relieving student debt. 
We can do this with automatic-enrollment in income-based repayment programs with an option to opt-out. 
2nd, we should cap the minimum monthly payments on students’ loans.  
If we were able to bail out big banks, we can figure out a way to refinance college loans.  
1st, Congress must allow students to refinance the debt they already have.  
Fortunately, the solutions are simple and straightforward. 
To really make a dent in student debt, the federal government will have to act. 
Total student loan debt in our country is $ trillion and growing.  
Today, our kids aren’t getting the same bargain. The vast majority of students - 70% - are graduating with debt. 
My siblings and I were raised knowing that if we worked hard and gave back, there was a strong and bright future ahead. 
He went to college on the GI Bill and earned enough to start a family. 
My dad grew up in a country that was generous and farsighted enough to see that the more its people learned, the more its people earned.
You can also read my  piece on @medium 
I wrote an Op-Ed for the @washingtonpost about what we should do if we want to have  for our kids. 
Warren Weinstein represented the best of MD &amp; America. My heart goes out to the Weinstein &amp; Lo Porto families. 
Opposing bad trade deals like TPP is just common sense. Let's make our voices heard.

Very troubled by Freddie Gray's tragic death. My thoughts &amp; prayers go out to his family. 
.@tmazorlig @poguesofficial BIG Pogues fan. cover their stuff a fair amount.
Join me in opposing TPP &amp; fast-track. Americans deserve to know where leaders stand. 
When US jobs are on the line, it's not a hard choice - it's common sense. That’s why I oppose TPP &amp; fast-track. 
Joining my friend @Mark_Shriver today at 1:45 at @SCActionNetwork Summit to speak about how crucial it is we . 
Stand with me and tell Republicans to cut the 🐂. Let's fight for an economy that works for everyone. 
 is a race to the bottom, a chasing of lower wages abroad, which does nothing to help our economy here at home. 
The GOP is doubling down on failed trickle-down theories which only concentrate wealth at the top &amp; depress wages. 
Our economy is not working for all of us b/c of concentrated wealth, accumulated power &amp; deregulation of Wall Street. 
RT @MorningEdition: Possible Dem presidential hopeful @GovernorOMalley sees 2 paths for America's economic future.  h…
RT @MorningEdition: Coming up, @GovernorOMalley tells @NPRinskeep America's economy needs 'sensible rebalancing,' not 'pitchforks.' http://…
Don't forget to watch @FaceTheNation coming up shortly this morning. I'll be speaking one-on-one with @BobSchieffer.
Join me in calling on Congress to oppose "Fast Track" authority on the .  
Looking forward to speaking with @BobSchieffer on @FaceTheNation this Sunday. Hope you'll tune in.
Fuller participation in our country means marriage equality, driver's licenses for new Americans &amp; equal pay. VIDEO: 
Rather than reducing or privatizing Social Security benefits, we must expand them.  
We must end bad trade deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership that hurt wages and ship jobs overseas.  
How can you get pulled over in this country for a broken taillight, but if you wreck the world’s economy you are untouchable? 
Let's allow students to refinance their loans and make income-based repayment plans the norm for our students' futures. 
We must raise the minimum wage, the threshold for overtime pay, &amp; make it easier for workers to organize.  
Wages in the US are lower than they were 12 years ago. This is the first time that has happened since WWII. 
In the 1980s, CEOs earned 46x their average worker. Today, the average CEO earns 331x as much. 
Millions of us lost jobs, homes, and retirement benefits after the ’08 crash. Americans are demanding a better balance. 
Watch along at 6PM tonight as I speak to @HarvardIOP’s @JFKJrForum on building an . Livestream: 
Proceeding with  would be a mistake. Job #1 must be raising wages, not promoting policies that would depress them.
RT @JFKJrForum: TONIGHT in the FORUM @GovernorOMalley at 6 PM on "Building an Economy That Works for Everyone"  http:…
Tonight at 6PM, I'll be laying out my agenda for an economy that works for everyone to @JFKJrForum. Watch live: 
The dignity of every person tells us that the right to marry is not a state right, it is a human right. VIDEO: 
Excited to speak tomorrow to Harvard's @JFKJrForum on "Building an Economy That Works for Everyone." Tune in at 6PM: 
As Governor, proud to have signed Lilly Ledbetter into law and to have made MD #1 state for women-owned businesses.
Equal pay for equal work is not only good for women, but good for our economy.  
The death penalty is ineffective, expensive, &amp; at odds w/our values as Americans. 152 more reasons to do away w/it: 
This week in Iowa, I sat down with @idaveprice on The Insiders. Check out my appearance &amp; prediction: 
For the record, I've always loved The Simpsons.
One unjustified police shooting - like that of Walter Scott - is one too many. 
Honored to address  &amp; discuss how we can bring communities together. Follow along here: 
Thank you @polkdems for hosting last night's great event. Look forward to seeing you again soon!
Excited to be back in Des Moines. Thanks @PolkDems for inviting me to speak tonight! Watch live here at 8:30PM ET: 
Glad to be joining @okayhenderson, @jamesqlynch on @IowaPress. Tune in tonight at 7:30! 
|LIVE NOW|   
RT @IAStartingLine: Feel that O'Malley-mentum! Crazy packed crowd for @GovernorOMalley in Beaverdale  
RT @StaedArt: .@GovernorOMalley addressing the @iahousedemocrat . Inspiring speech about bringing back the  . …
This video is appalling but it shows why accountability &amp; transparency are so important. It shouldn't take a video to ensure justice.
My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/Walter Scott's family. Far too many families across the nation have endured tragic losses like this one.
Thanks @huckmontgomery for letting me borrow your guitar at the @nhyoungdems social hour tonight!  
Thanks to @Dyn for hosting me today for an important conversation on building an innovation economy. 
We've got to be a party that stands for the deeper and greater principles of our country. 
We need to strengthen &amp; expand Social Security to save our seniors from abject poverty &amp; allow them to retire with dignity 
Excited to be back in New Hampshire for my turn at the @NECouncil’s &amp; @nhiop's  breakfast this morning.
Congrats to @umdwbb ! Next stop: Final Four! 


New perspectives are needed for us to solve the problems we face as Americans and as people on this planet. 
Right now, it’s not even a fair fight. It’s as if Wall Street owns one party and is totally trying to intimidate the other party. 
ICYMI: Watch my interview from this morning with @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC:

Don't forget to catch @ThisWeekABC this morning for my conversation with @GStephanopoulos. 
Tune in to @ThisWeekABC tomorrow morning. I'll be speaking with @GStephanopoulos. Check your local listings for times. 
Happy ! 
Last year Wall Street bonuses were 2x combined earnings of every American working for minimum wage. 
This is not how our economy is supposed to work. VIDEO:  
Go @TerrapinHoops! Beat West Virginia! 
Great to see my friend Leader Gronstal and the Pottawattamie County Dems in Council Bluffs tonight. 
Up early this morning to meet over breakfast with @ScottCoDems here in Davenport. Next stop: Tipton. 
Thank you @ScottCoDems for hosting me tonight for your Red, White, &amp; Blue Dinner!
Reinstating Glass-Steagall and holding Wall Street accountable is the only way we prevent another financial crisis.
FACT: In 2014, Wall Street bonuses were 2x combined earnings of every American working for minimum wage.
Excited to be with my friends @daveloebsack, @DrAndyMc &amp; Mayor Gluba in Davenport tonight for the @ScottCoDems Red, White, &amp; Blue Dinner.
The trickle down experiment doesn't work. It never has. VIDEO: 
We must ensure another Wall Street meltdown is outside the realm of the possible. Accountability is key. See my op-ed 
Thanks to everyone who tuned in my concert tonight. Follow me on @AppMeerkat for more moments like this. 
|LIVE NOW|  
Going on in 45 minutes with O'Malley's March. Tune in to my St. Patrick's Day concert here  
Tune in tonight around 7:45PM to see my band, O’Malley’s March, play at my Young Leaders Council Concert.  
No question about it, go @umterps! 
Happy St. Patrick's Day. I hope to see you on Thursday at my Young Leaders Council Concert.  
Follow me on @AppMeerkat at @GovernorOMalley for a behind the scenes look at my St. Patrick's Day concert on Thursday night.

Had fun celebrating  at @irlfunds dinner tonight with @EndaKennyTD and friends. 
Had a great time marching in the Chicago parade with my friend President Bill Hite of @UAPipeTrades 
We need to take Wall Street reform seriously &amp; reinstate Glass-Steagall. We can't be the party of Dodd-Frank lite. 
After 12 years of declining wages, people want executive leadership. See more of my appearance on @Morning_Joe 
Had a great time on @Morning_Joe this morning. If you missed it, you can watch here: 
RT @nhiop: The Institute and @NECouncil will host former Maryland Governor @GovernorOMalley for  on 3/31 at @BVI_INN
Coming to the table at the federal level can’t just be a box-checking exercise; we need follow-up &amp; exec management to accomplish our goals.
Shout-out to Jack Maple &amp; @CommissBratton for revolutionizing data-driven policing &amp; inspiring Baltimore's CitiStat. 
A new way of data-driven governing is emerging in both red &amp; blue states &amp; it calls for a new way of leadership - at every level. 
Excited to be @BrookingsInst discussing data-driven governing &amp; how to move our country forward. Watch live at 10AM: 
Firefighters deserve leaders who will fight for their safety, their jobs, and their right to bargain. Thank you for having me .
Wiping out unions might be good policy for the Koch Brothers, but it's bad for our economy, our firefighters and working people. 
Watch along as I speak to the International Association of Fire Fighters:
  
10 days until my St. Pat's Young Leaders Happy Hour! Tickets are going fast. 
Tomorrow at 12:30pm I will be speaking to the International Association of Fire Fighters. Watch along here:  
RT @BrookingsInst: Wednesday @governoromalley joins us to discuss data-driven decision-making in government. Register to attend: …
.@KansasDems know best that we can't cut our way to prosperity. We need to do more, not less for the next generation. 
Excited to be back in the heartland for @KansasDems ! Time to move our party and nation forward.
I just joined Snapchat. Follow me at GovernorOMalley for a sneak peak at my trip to New Hampshire.
I got my start in Maryland politics on @SenatorBarb's '86 campaign. Very grateful for her service to our state as well as her mentorship.
Thanks for having me South Carolina! Time to work together to move our party &amp; nation forward with bold action &amp; big ideas. 
Ours is the party of opportunity. Ours is the party of optimism. Ours is the party of the better future. 
Fear &amp; anger never built a great nation. We must not run away from challenges, but take pride in what our country can be. 
If a bank is too big to fail, then it's too big and we must break it up before it breaks us. 
The most fundamental power of our party and our country is the power of our moral principles. 
To make the American dream come true again, we must fight for better wages for all workers. 
Excited to be back in South Carolina to speak with @SCDP about how bold choices can move our party and nation forward. 
What can we do to give the middle class a raise without waiting on the Republican Congress? Easy answer:  
Tix for my St. Pat's young professional happy hour are going fast. Don't miss your chance to see O'Malley's March! 
Today's @FCC vote on  is a victory for the millions who spoke out to keep the internet free, open and fair.
Most powerful moment of the Oscars: @PattyArquette calling for equal pay for equal work for women. This *must* be a national priority.
Spoke with @GOVERNING on how data-driven decision-making in gov't can produce better results for our citizens 
The new AUMF should address ISIS specifically, while mitigating unintended consequences 
Broke my elbow over the weekend at the gym. Thanks to the staff at Union Memorial, surgery went well &amp; I'm on the road to a quick recovery.
Very proud of my mom or as many others know her as, "Mrs. O." @SenatorBarb is lucky to have her at the helm. 
Very strong jobs report with both earnings &amp; jobs exceeding expectations. The challenge now is to ensure we keep wages growing for families.
Today's  announcement puts people above special interests. An important step to ensure our Internet is free and open to all.
May God bless the memory of Bishop Romero.  
I'm standing up against offshore drilling along the Atlantic. Will you join me?  
We must move firmly toward a clean energy future.  
We must make better choices for a more secure and independent energy future.   
Today, I wrote in the @NYTimes about why opening the Atlantic to oil and gas exploration would be a mistake 
Excited to keynote @KansasDems gala in March. @PaulDavisKS &amp; @SecSebelius let me know if you have any BBQ recs 
RT @KansasDems: Former Maryland  @GovernorOMalley To Deliver Kansas Democrats Washington Days Keynote Speech  
Congratulations and best of luck to Gov. Hogan. May God continue to bless the state of Maryland.
Read my statement on tonight's State of the Union address here:  
Now it's up to you, Congress. What will you do for the middle class to ensure 2015 is a year of growth, not continued wage stagnation? 
Our economy is a result of the choices we make. Choosing to address inequality &amp; close loopholes for the wealthy makes us stronger. 
In MD we are raising the minimum wage to $ Let's  together as a nation to increase economic mobility. 
Congress needs to act on the President’s call &amp; expand paid leave to increase wages, help families &amp; ensure our workers can succeed. 
I've learned many lessons during my service to Maryland, but none as valuable as those learned from my four children. 
It's about time, .  is not a states' rights issue, it is a fundamental right that we should extend to every American
Excited to join @JHUCarey as a visiting professor &amp; work w/ next generation of leaders to make govt work better 
Combined with the War of 1812 bicentennial events, we brought $333M to Maryland's economy. Thanks for joining! 
Congrats to ! The event attracted  people to Baltimore. I was honored to celebrate, share our history w/so many people.
Tough loss, but a great season. Always underestimated, but we still . 
Joe Flacco is showing New England *exactly* what Baltimore's made of with those two drives. 
Big game today @Ravens, let's show New England what we're made of. 
We are a compassionate people &amp; I have sought to reflect that kindness in the choices we've made &amp; laws we've enacted 
Law enforcement has led the way in our work to drive down violent crime by  since 2006. Learn more here:  
On Natl Law Enforcement Day, thank you to officers in Maryland &amp; across America who work every day to drive down crime &amp; save lives. 
RT @KThomasDC: O'Malley at @UChiPolitics "There's something wrong when wages continue to stagnate."
There is something wrong with the economy when most families aren’t doing as well as they were in previous generations. 
Our society works best when we value the dignity of every individual, by promoting equality &amp; embracing new Americans. 
Snow-related complications aside, looking forward to joining @davidaxelrod at @uchipolitics tonight. Tune in at 7:  
.@BarackObama is right on . Creates too much CO2 &amp; not nearly enough jobs. We need a jobs agenda that meets our climate challenge
RT @UChiPolitics: ICYMI: Our Winter Quarter Speaker Series lineup featuring O’Malley, Kagan, Kristol, Rev. Jackson, Dionne &amp; more - http://…
Meeting with MEMA &amp; SHA to address MD's snow response. Follow @TheMDTA @MDSHA for updates &amp; be careful on the roads. 
Join me as I reflect on the lessons I've learned as Governor. It's been a privilege to serve you &amp; your families. 
Congrats to @Ravens. On to New England!
About to  Get after 'em @Ravens!
My condolences go out to @NYGovCuomo &amp; his family tonight. Mario Cuomo's clear, fearless voice will long be remembered.
Leaving death sentences in place does not serve the people of MD. I met w/ victims' families &amp; hope this brings some measure of closure.
I intend to commute Maryland’s four remaining death sentences to life without the possibility of parole. 
Diplomacy creates opportunities. Embargoes don't. It's time to reset our Cuba policy &amp; build closer ties b/t the American &amp; Cuban people.
Welcome home to Maryland, Alan Gross. Here's wishing you boundless joy with your friends and family this holiday season.
Happy Hanukkah. What do you prefer on your latkes: apple sauce, sour cream, other?
Congrats @PastorHahn &amp; @EndHungerCC on winning $20k from @WalmartGiving to feed the hungry at Chesapeake Food Pantry. 
Honored that @AmbDermer from @IsraelinUSA joined us for the Hanukkah brunch at Government House today. 
RT @ChoirWj: Thanks for the invite @GovernorOMalley 
 was signed into law just 4 years ago. We shouldn't be repealing it &amp; letting Wall Street play with taxpayer money.
Thank you to the many state employees who have worked to move Maryland forward over the last eight years.
Today we welcomed hundreds of state employees to Government House for our annual holiday reception: 
Education is a ladder to middle class success. Yesterday’s award will help more of our students lead the nation and world in achievement.
MD has been awarded a $15 million federal grant to expand access to pre-k education for four-year olds: 
MD is on track to meet our goal that 55% of adult Marylanders will hold an associate or bachelor’s degree by 2025: 
Thank you, @MD_CommColleges, for presenting me with the Champion for MD Community Colleges Award today: 
Best wishes for a safe, healthy, and happy Thanksgiving 
We're creating jobs -- 3,900 private sector ones last month -- by investing in education, infrastructure &amp; innovation 
.@MDSP achieved certification in all program areas to earn the Tri-Arc Award, &amp; is now the ONLY state police agency in the US to hold it!
Congratulations to the brave men &amp; women of @MDSP for earning the prestigious CALEA Tri-Arc Award.
Visit  to learn more about @barackobama's historic actions to protect millions &amp; strengthen families. 
Millions can now work &amp; raise their families without living in fear. Tonight we celebrate, tomorrow we get back to work. 
Great seeing @sr_simone at an event in DC with @VP last night to support : 
We're making progress, but we must do more to achieve our goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 25% by 2020: 
Climate change is real &amp; MD is vulnerable. It is critical that we continue to address this threat to the Chesapeake Bay &amp; our way of life.
Today, I issued an executive order expanding the membership, mission &amp; work of the MD Commission on Climate Change: 
We need a jobs agenda that meets our climate challenge. I hope the Senate rejects : it's too much CO2, &amp; not nearly enough jobs.
RT @drJoshS: What does a navigator do? A picture is worth a thousand words @MarylandConnect @HCAMaryland 
Check in with @drJoshS on Twitter for some great stories, pictures, and video from today’s @MarylandConnect Enrollment Fair.
Good luck to all involved in @Belfast_Beltway in Northern Ireland this week - two great places; one great cause. 
Republicans have shown they won't act, the  for @BarackObama to . Keeping families together makes America stronger.
Once a mayor, always a mayor. Great seeing @MikeBloomberg &amp; @MurielBowser tonight. 
Ten years and 310 million miles away  absolutely inspiring. RT @esaoperations: "We're are on the comet!" 
Veterans Day Ceremony at the Crownsville Veterans Cemetery earlier today. 
We honor veterans "on the 11th day of November of each year, a day dedicated to world peace." We're grateful for their courage &amp; sacrifice.
I agree with President Obama's Net Neutrality approach. We shouldn't have gatekeepers picking winners &amp; losers online.
Compare plans, find information, and get started at new and improved Maryland Health Connection website: 
Happy 239th birthday to the @USMC. Thank you to everyone past and present who has served in the Corps. Semper Fidelis.
You can now go to the new &amp; improved  to compare plans &amp; prices for 2015. You don't need an account; check it out now.
Attended the portrait unveiling for the always colorful Judge Robert Bell, former chief judge of MD's highest court. 
Just spoke to our  him &amp; pledged to work closely with him to ensure a smooth transition. 
There's still time to vote. Polls in Maryland are open until 8 pm. Find your polling place here: 
RT @BrownforMD: Did you vote for  today? Tweet a photo of your 'I Voted' sticker with the hashtag 
RT @AndreaBlackston: @GovernorOMalley I shared my voting sticker with someone who inspired me to go.  child 
RT @BrownforMD: Make sure your voice is heard -  TODAY!
RT @repjohnlewis: People struggled and died for the right to vote in this country. Let nothing stop you from participating in the democrati…
Tweet at me w/ a picture of your "I Voted" sticker &amp; add the one we created as your Twitter avatar or FB profile pic 
Let’s continue making progress &amp; move forward together. Anthony Brown for Governor. Find your polling place: 
The polls are open in Maryland and stay open until 8pm tonight. Find your polling place here: 
Lookup your polling place for tomorrow &amp; vote @BrownforMD to continue the progress in Maryland  
RT @BrownforMD: Only ONE day left! RT to remind your friends &amp; family to vote tomorrow. 
Marriage equality, the DREAM Act, gun safety, raising the min. wage: none would've happened w/out Dem. leadership…Hogan opposed all 4. Vote.
In Silver Spring w/ @LewisYv reminding people to vote for @BrownforMD Tuesday. Pledge to vote:  
Awesome GOTV event for @BrianFrosh &amp; the Dem. ticket in  tonight. Pledge to vote:  
Let's talk 2014! In GA? I'm for @MichelleNunnGA &amp; @carter4governor. MT @KhyChestnut: had a dream I met @GovernorOMalley &amp; tried talking 2016
Got to see Marylanders young &amp; old at @FRESHFARMSlvrSp this  while campaigning for @BrownforMD. 
RT @BBMSPTSA: @GovernorOMalley greets Banneker staff going door to door to meet families @Principal_BBMS @BannekerReads @BBMSPTSA http://t.…
Had a great time! MT @DTSilverSpring: Thanks for the surprise visit at this am's @FRESHFARMSlvrSp, @GovernorOMalley!  
Thx 4 volunteering! MT @KatCDonnelly: Surprise concert fr @GovernorOMalley at the Howard field office made my night! 
Had a blast getting out the vote at the New Deal Cafe in Prince George's County tonight. Vote @BrownforMD Tuesday. 
It was great being w/ you in Howard County tonight.  MT @joshkiiim: @kenulman @courtneywatson1 
Volunteer opportunities for Anthony Brown all across Maryland. Bring a friend or meet some there, but signup here: 
Lots of enthusiasm for Brown/Ulman in Silver Spring! Always great being w/ @jamie_raskin &amp; @tomhucker. Vote Tuesday. 
I voted early today! Today's the last day of early vote -find a polling place at   
It was a pleasure celebrating with @KumarBarve, @arunamiller &amp; @sam_arora. 
We had a wonderful Diwali celebration last night at Government House. Thanks, @IndianEmbassyUS for joining us! 
To create jobs, we're investing in schools, infrastructure &amp; innovation like cybersecurity, &amp; the US Chamber named MD #1 for STEM jobs.
Today I spoke at  about the work we're doing to make MD the epicenter of American cybersecurity.
Campaigning for the Brown / Ulman ticket at New Carrollton Metro Station. Tomorrow is last day to Early Vote in MD 
Meeting with supporters at the Montgomery County Coordinated Campaign Talktober phone bank night. Have you voted yet? 
Campaigning at Glenmont Metro w/ District 19 Delegate candidate @Marice_Morales. One week… have you early voted yet? 
We developed these procedures with experts at Johns Hopkins, the University of Maryland, the NIH. Read more &amp; share: 
MD has some of best health care facilities in world. We're working together to ensure smooth response to any possible instances of infection
Updated Marylanders today on efforts to respond to Ebola &amp; our active plan for monitoring travelers affected by virus 
.@BELBaltimore, @SenBillFerg &amp; I were in Baltimore today encouraging people to vote early for @BrownforMD &amp; @mddems. 
Great day in Baltimore w/ @BELBaltimore talking about voting early for @BrownforMD &amp; @mddems.  
Went to the Waverly Main Street Festival in  to encourage early voting. Here's how:  
I hope @CollegeDemsofMD vote early! MT @sung_minkim: Here's @GovernorOMalley at McKeldin mall for @BrownforMD @thedbk 
Great early vote event in College Park for @BrownforMD &amp; @mddems. Asher of the Tomato Dodgers loaned me the guitar! 
Happy to join Wendy Davis supporters at the University of Texas earlier today.  
RT @BrownforMD: Voting today? Share your 'I voted' sticker by tweeting w/ the hashtag 
@llyydddzz Restoring the health of the Bay is like running up a down escalator. But here's some of what we're doing: 
Early Voting starts TOMORROW in Maryland. Cast your ballot before 11/4 this year. Info here:  
Great seeing @sr_simone &amp;  yesterday to discuss efforts to  &amp; . 
Early vote starts on Oct. 23. Here's what you need to know:  Retweet this to ensure  
Backstage with @BrownforMD &amp; @RepCummings before the event w/ @BarackObama. Early vote starts on Oct. 23.  
Had a great time in Asheville w/ the @NCDemParty. 17 days til you re-elect @kayhagan! Thanks for the t-shirt, @ydnc. 
Some sign waving for Anthony Brown and Ken Ulman before the Terps game. 
Outside Byrd Stadium before Maryland's Homecoming football game against Iowa. About to kick-off shortly.  
We are not taking the Ebola situation lightly. I updated Marylanders this am about what we're doing to prepare. 
In Baltimore campaigning for Anthony Brown. Early voting starts on October 23rd. What’s your plan to vote this year? 
Bruce Braley is a champion for Iowa families, and I look forward to watching him deliver that message during the  debate tonight
Together, we've driven down violence against women &amp; children by 26% since 2006, and our progress continues: 
Law enforcement personnel, @SenatorBarb &amp; MD's congressional delegation &amp; officials in MD all work together to make women &amp; children safer.
Today we announced action to strengthen &amp; coordinate our response to domestic violence: 
Thank you for an exciting season and postseason run, @Orioles. Looking forward to next year.
Let’s go O’s. One game at a time. 
Here’s the other side of that selfie. @kpwalling @BrownforMD @BrianFrosh @VoteIkeLeggett @MCDCC 
RT @BrownforMD: RT to share 'Bronze Star' and spread the word about Anthony's lifetime of service. 
We're working toward the Healthier Bay Tipping Point when our efforts to restore the Bay will become self-sustaining 
This morning, Ellicott City elementary school students &amp; I worked on controlling erosion along the Chesapeake Bay: 
RT @StateMaryland: RT @AccessDNR: NOW @GovernorOMalley "Governing for Results" tour @ stream restoration site w/ Hollifield Station Elem ht…
You can even register to vote online in Maryland. Just use this tool today: RT to spread the word: 
Today is the last day to register to vote in Maryland. All the information you need to register is right here: 
.@MarkSchauer dominated tonight's debate. He showed that MI needs an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. 
Thank you for having me. MT @MinnesotaDFL: We are proud to welcome @GovernorOMalley to our ninth annual  Founders Day Dinner
RT @Obermueller2014: A pleasure meeting @governoromalley tonight. "Our American Eagle flies best when both wings work together." …
RT @danschoen54a: @GovernorOMalley great to meet you, thank you for coming to Minnesota and being out on the town with us. 
Breathe 
Let’s go O’s.
I appreciate Kansas City’s underdog story, but  until the World Series returns to Baltimore. 
Who else is ready for Orioles baseball?
Thanks for the shout-out, @MMViverito, &amp; for leading on . You're showing how cities &amp; states can make a difference.
Marylanders came together last month and donated 33,405 lbs. of food to @MDFoodBank to help end hunger.  
Feeding hungry children is the right thing to do, and it makes them better students, too. It's hard to concentrate on an empty stomach.
Participation in our School Breakfast Program has reached an all-time high of : 
I had breakfast today with kindergarteners at Franklin Square School, which is making strides to end student hunger: 
I support @BestBuddies  campaign -- it's the right thing to do &amp; businesses benefit. 
RT @MattOMalley: Joined @GovernorOMalley at an event for @marthacoakley &amp; auditioned 4 backup in his band, O'Malley's March.  http:…
RT @collegedemsofbc: Crabcakes, football, and politics, that's what Maryland does. Excited to hear from Martin O'Malley at Northeastern htt…
What a series! Cant wait for the O’s to return home for the ALCS. Tigers have some tough starters and great year for them, but 
Another amazing 8th inning for the O’s. Let’s get one in Detroit and come back to Baltimore for the ALCS. 
Here we go @Orioles!  until the World Series is back in Baltimore.
Kudos, @PrinceGeorgesMD, Mt. Rainer, Fairmount Heights &amp; Forest Heights, 4 doing  challenge to improve outcomes 4 MD youth.
@skorpyos Thank you Nick. Truly appreciated.
Five great candidates with fundraising deadlines tonight. Split a contribution to the O’Team before midnight: 
We have not taken our eye off of doing right by these children who are feeling deadly situations. @ThisIsAmerica 
Pleased to meet with Prime Minster @NarendraModi. Expanding the middle class is a goal we share across the globe. 
RT @ThisIsAmerica: .@jorgeramosnews speaking to @GovernorOMalley! Full interview airs tomorrow night at 10p on @ThisIsFusion. …
Good joining @jorgeramosnews to talk about all we're doing in Maryland for chldren fleeing violence in Central America
RT @LucyFlores: I was handed a baby. I gave him to the person w/ more experience (@GovernorOMalley).    http://t…
Join us! Together, we will end hunger in Maryland!  
Thank you to the 22,000 Marylanders who have volunteered during . If you’re among them please share when and why you got involved
Visited The Lighthouse in Annapolis to prepare meals as part of  - Volunteer at  
Marylanders - Early Vote is one month away! Sign-up to volunteer for the Brown-Ulman team today. 
Phone-banking for the @BrownforMD / @KenUlman team at the Prince George’s field office. 
RT @KAlexWallace: Thank you @GovernorOMalley for stopping by the @BrownforMD Prince George's County office!

I hope you liked the card! htt…
Pleased to receive the Leaders of Democracy Award from the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Foundation today 
L'shanah tovah to all those celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Best wishes for a happy, healthy new year!
James, October 23. More info for anyone w same question  RT @geekjutsu: @GovernorOMalley When does early voting begin?
I hope Marylanders everywhere, regardless of party affiliation, exercise their right to vote on November 4th. Visit 
Here in Maryland, in contrast to other states, we've expanded access to the polls by enabling on-site early voting and same-day registration
Today is National Voter Registration Day. The right to vote is what Dr. King called "Civil Right Number One." 
We don’t get a second chance at bringing back extinct species. But today's event reminds us that real progress on conservation is possible.
With the team that is working to remove the Delmarva fox squirrel from the endangered species list: 
Maryland has made better choices to  on climate change. Are you willing to accept the challenge? 
Grateful for ’s outpouring of help for families housing  unaccompanied minors. A few resources for them: 
Looks like we started weekend MARC service just in time.    
Congratulations to the Baltimore @Orioles on their AL East Division title. Looking forward to October baseball in Maryland. 
.@wpjenna, read your piece on selifies.  Here's one from last night w/ the artist, Simmie Knox. 
Yesterday we unveiled a portrait of Frederick Douglass at the Governor's residence in MD. Video of installation: 
Great night at Patterson Park! Governor's citation to "1814 -- The Rock Opera" -- all we need is a big a** flag! Well done cast and crew!
Thrilled O'Malley's March could take part in the  celebration. Great weekend in . 
 
Amazing, powerful night for Baltimore and for America.  
An incredible @StarSpangled200 celebration is going on at @FtMcHenryNPS in . 
Federal Hill has played an important role in Baltimore's history. We dedicated a new playground there this morning. 
So grateful that @PTXofficial is taking part in the . They are great. 
Then and now, our Citizen Soldiers &amp; Airmen have made sacrifices to defend our freedom. They represent the best of Maryland.
I spent this morning at Patterson Park with the @MD_Army_Guard to commemorate the MD militia's march to defend Baltimore 200 years ago.
Today we remember those who lost their lives on this day. And we remember the service and sacrifice of so many.
We're on track to increase the number of Marylanders who receive skills training by 20%: 
Employer-led training offers new ladders of opportunity by helping Marylanders obtain new skills for good jobs in high-demand industries.
Today I kicked off the 1st EARN manufacturing boot camp - an employer-led job training - @PompeianOils: 
Baltimoreans created a living US flag @FtMcHenryNPS 100 years ago too. 103-year old Myrtle was there &amp; at today's recreation.
I took some video while Maryland students formed a living American flag : 
We're commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Star-Spangled Banner all week. Learn more and join us at 
More than 7000 MD students are recreating a live American flag today @FtMcHenryNPS : 
As our nation is plagued by division, I hope remembering the story of the Star-Spangled Banner will help us create a better way forward.
I can't wait to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of @FtMcHenryNPS this week: 
Learn about what Maryland is doing to reduce violence against women and children:  (3/3)
Everyone can do more to help end the scourge of domestic violence. Please consider supporting the House of Ruth  (2/3)
The video released this morning of this domestic assault was horrible, shocking, and reprehensible.   (1/3)
Honored to be with @Burke4WI &amp; @ChrisAbeleMKE, great leaders for a better Wisconsin. 
Thanks for having us! MT @Burke4WI: Thanks to @GovernorOMalley for the introduction &amp; for being here tonight with us! 
Huge crowd in 're on their feet &amp; fired up for @Burke4WI! cc: @WisDems @DemGovs @TheDemocrats 
Selfie with @UWMadison students before they went out to knock doors for @Burke4WI. cc: @wisdems 
Lots of fired up canvassers in Iowa City for @BruceBraley, @Senator_Hatch, @daveloebsack &amp; the IA Coord. Campaign. 
.@GovernorQuinn &amp; I agree: when workers earn more, they spend more and the economy grows.  
.@GovernorQuinn &amp; I are in Chicago talking about how we need to .    
Great to be with @SenatorDurbin, @LuisGutierrez &amp; others at an "Unidos con Durbin" event in Chicago.   
Find  events &amp; sign up to volunteer at  
From Sept 11-28, Marylanders are working to feed the hungry, improve our neighborhoods &amp; clean up green spaces: 
Meet The O’Team. 5 leaders who deserve our support. Split a contribution to their campaigns:  
Are you ready for some football?  
Today, we reaffirmed our commitment to restoring the Chesapeake Bay: 
This year, MD farmers are planting cover crops in record numbers, helping to recycle plant nutrients, prevent erosion &amp; improve the soil.
The Wilderness Act was signed on 9/3/64. 50 years later, MD is making it a priority to protect our land &amp; water: 
Happy  to the working men &amp; women who fought for and won many of the protections we enjoy today   
We extend our deepest condolences to Cong. Andy Harris on the tragic loss of his wife. Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the Harris family.
Learn more about the progress we're making to restore the Chesapeake Bay: 
It was great to hear tonight's @Databay_md challenge participants talk about their ideas to restore the Bay 
@BaltCitySchools went back to school on Monday. Watch this video of the kids I met at Holabird Elementary: 
.@EdwardMFelegy Elementary School is brand new this year, part of the nearly $ billion we've invested in school construction.
With kids at @EdwardMFelegy Elementary School in Hyattsville today, talking about healthy eating over lunch 
Today I helped serve lunch and toured @EdwardMFelegy Elementary School in Hyattsville 
Congratulations to @OfficialJLD on her Emmy for Lead Actress in a Comedy. We love having @VeepHBO in Maryland. 
Happy anniversary, Katie. I love you totally. 
We're continuing our progress, developing good teachers &amp; principals w/ new evaluations &amp; our 1st principals academy 
We're continuing to innovate, with new investments in pre-K, STEM education &amp; environmental literacy: 
Because of the investments we made in education, MD public schools have been ranked #1 for 5 years in a row: 
Today I welcomed Baltimore City students back to school at Holabird Elementary school: 
Today's event is part of the  celebration. Check out other upcoming events: 
Today's event is part of the  celebration. Check out other upcoming events: 
The men on this monument represent a tribute to all who fought &amp; died defending our Nation’s Capital on August 24, 1814.
Today, I'm helping dedicate the “Undaunted in Battle” monument, commemorating the War of 1812's Battle of Bladensburg.
Happy to contribute &amp; participate in the ALS   you’re up @RepCummings, @StenyHoyer, &amp; Colum McCann
RT @MDEnvironment: Get inspired this pm: C how @DataBay_MD finalist Bay Bucks answered @GovernorOMalley's call 2 : …
Happy birthday, Katie O'Malley! Looking forward to celebrating many more happy occasions together. 
Watch a behind-the-scenes look at MyBay, an app to  created during this month's @DataBay_MD challenge 
.@portofbalt was named "Most Notable Seaport Security Program" &amp; has become one of the most secure ports in the  
We've upgraded the @BWI_Airport police, security, fire, &amp; medical dispatch center to improve our emergency response: 
.@BWI_Airport &amp; @portofbalt recently won @GSNGovtSecNews awards for public safety &amp; security improvements: 
This is the lowest number of total crimes &amp; the lowest crime rate MD has ever reported since reporting began in 1975: 
This is our 7th consecutive year of record crime reductions in Maryland: 
For updates on flash flood warnings and road closures, follow @mdmema, @mdsha, and @themdta or go to 
Our Sept. 13 celebrations will include a concert featuring @JohnLithgow, @BaltSymphony, @smokey_robinson, @KChenoweth &amp; @denycegraves.
Check out the  events schedule &amp; learn more: 
Today we announced plans for the , commemorating the birth of the Star Spangled Banner &amp; War of 1812 
W/ our health info. exchange, we're effectively mapping &amp; addressing healthcare problems &amp; streamlining patient care. 
By moving away from the fee-for-service model, we've reduced preventable hospitalizations by  
.@businessinsider calls our innovative efforts to control healthcare costs in MD "an amazing healthcare revolution" 
Our innovations to control healthcare costs have been called "the boldest proposal in the US.” Learn more: 
No one who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty. Right, @LaborSec? 
.@LaborSec &amp; I rolled burritos &amp; talked about raising the minimum wage today @boloco 
 MT @LaborSec: Lunch today w/@GovernorOMalley at @Boloco, a burrito chain with starting wages of $9/hr, &amp; avg pay of $12/ hr.
Congrats @DataBay_MD finalists!  Looking forward to learning more about your innovative ideas 2 
I visited @FlyingDog Brewery today. They're donating money to the True Blue campaign, which promotes sustainable MD crabmeat.
I stopped by the Gourmet Goat in @Hagerstown_MD today, and visited the new library &amp; renovated historic theater 
Our goal is to reduce preventable hospitalizations 10% by the end of 2015. We've seen an  decrease since 2011 
I'm in Cumberland today at @WesternMDHealth, talking about our efforts to reduce preventable hospitalizations &amp; control healthcare costs.
I spent National Night Out in Baltimore, talking with residents about making our neighborhoods safer  
We're on track to meet our goal of reducing violent crime in Maryland by 20% by the end of 2018:  
We hope that in every generation we become more understanding of one another &amp; more respectful of the dignity of every individual &amp; culture.
I was asked earlier today and answered that I do believe it is probably time for the Washington Redskins to change their team name.
Tonight is National Night Out, an anti-crime effort to make neighborhoods safer. Find an event near you:  
Great to be in Colorado for the @DemGovs and John Hickenlooper (@hickforco). Even played a little music last night. 
Had a great time talking innovation and data-driven decision making at @1776dc yesterday. 
Thanks to these educators for their commitment. Their work is the reason Maryland schools are #1 in the nation. 
This week we're hosting the annual Governor's  Academy, which helps MD principals grow as school leaders.
Walk-off  it! Go @Orioles!
We invest in local startups &amp; new industries --&gt; MD has been the #1 state for innovation &amp; entrepreneurship for 3 years in a row. 
The biggest challenge for startups is access to capital. I'm @1776dc sharing how we've used public dollars in MD to attract more investment.
Tonight I'm @1776dc talking about how we've used data in MD to track progress towards our policy goals: 
.@usgsa has named Greenbelt Station &amp; Landover Mall as possible locations for the new @FBI HQ. Both are outstanding options. 
Excited to be there tonight! RT @1776DC How is @GovernorOMalley enabling ? He gave us the scoop: 
A sincere thank you to the MD families who've taken in migrant children fleeing violence. More kids here (per capita) than any other state.
RT @drJoshS: Action-oriented meeting this morning on refugee children with clergy and @GovernorOMalley
There are @Orioles fans everywhere. Met one at an event for @Senator_Hatch in Sioux City - former IA Sen Al Sturgeon. 
Came to N. Liberty, IA for Kevin Kinney &amp; @SenateMajority -- and @SenatorHarkin dropped by!  
Great to be w/ you &amp; Sen. Hart! MT @RepMaryWolfe: W/Sen Rita Hart &amp; @GovernorOMalley at Lyon's Depot in Clinton IA 
Was a pleasure to join MT @latinorebels: We talked with @GovernorOMalley about the current  crisis 
Are you participating in MD's Buy Local Challenge by eating at least one locally grown food everyday this week? What are you cooking?
During the 2011-2012 school year Maryland schools spent about 10% of their school meal budget on local food 
There are now approximately 145 farmers markets in Maryland, at least one in every county and the City of Baltimore, with demand growing.
We hosted a Buy Local cookout in Annapolis today to encourage Marylanders to buy locally grown food. 
.@SenatorBarb &amp; @SenatorCardin are right -- we need to invest in job-creating transportation infrastructure. 
From 2008-2013, the number of heroin-related ER visits more than tripled. We must prepare our health care system to handle this influx.
Heroin has become cheaper, more available &amp; more lethal. Overdose deaths represent one of the most serious public health challenges we face.
I headed to @AnnapolisPD to talk with state and local officials about our goal of reducing overdose deaths by 20%: 
Thanks to Scott Wiater, president of @StandardSolar, for supporting the @SustainaFest Tiny House Project 
Sustainable living &amp; energy-efficient housing are part of solving our climate challenge-here's what else we're doing 
Today I'm visiting the Tiny House, a 210 square foot sustainable model home built by 50 @SustainaFest students 
The lab's construction has been economically inclusive, with real goals to increase minority and women-owned business participation.
Our discoveries, research and treatments at this lab will save lives here in our own backyard, and the world over.
Today we celebrated the opening of a new public health lab @johnshopkins to serve East Baltimore 
Powerful discussion w/ faith leaders from across Maryland today about helping care for children from the humanitarian crisis at our border.
Happy Birthday @SenatorBarb! Thankful for your commitment to Maryland families &amp; your leadership for our country. 
Great event on the Eastern Shore about fortifying MD's homeland security. Track our progress:  
We aim to reduce electric consumption by 15% by 2015:  @MyBGE has summer energy-saving tips: 
We set a goal to reduce domestic violence by 25% by 2012. We exceeded it w/ a  reduction 
Participated in the Interfaith Domestic Violence Coalition today, which is bringing together faith leaders to reduce domestic violence.
In MD, we :  MT @BarackObama: Chris has seen the impacts of climate change. 
The greatest power we have is power of our principles. We're not a country that should send children away &amp; send them back to certain death
Who doesn't love parks and open spaces? Thank you @Interior &amp; @LWCFCOALITION for the grant supporting @MDStateParks.  
Women should be able to make their own healthcare decisions w/out interference from CEOs. 
Thanks @SenatorBarb &amp; @SenatorCardin for working to counter last week's  decision &amp; restore access to birth control for MD women.
Our $100k investment in @RedOwlytics helped the company secure private funding to create MD jobs: 
Credit ratings are out - we're still rated AAA by all 3 agencies. We're 1 of only 7 states to keep a top rating through the recession.
Great Lew Daly op-ed about :  He's also written about our decision to use GPI in MD: 
Congrats @1199SEIU &amp; @JohnsHopkins on reaching an agreement. When workers earn more, businesses have more customers &amp; our economy grows.
We set a goal of increasing the number of STEM college graduates in MD 40% by 2015 – already we’ve reached : 
We're investing in tomorrow's workforce by training Marylanders in the skills employers need: 
In the past year, MD has created over 22,000 jobs – almost 85% of them created by private-sector businesses: 
Our investments have led more than 120 cybersecurity entities to open or expand in MD, adding nearly 9,000 new jobs.
Today I'm visiting @RedOwlytics, which has helped make Maryland the epicenter of American cybersecurity.
Can't wait! RT @RedOwlytics Excited to have @GovernorOMalley @StateMaryland visit the RedOwl office today! 
Jealous. What flavor did u get? MT @ashleyvalis: @MDGBmore @GovernorOMalley Best snowball stand in MD  
Happy Independence Day! Here’s a link to some events across MD. Tweet at me with your family pics throughout the day. 
.@BryanVoltaggio Congratulations on the  opening last weekend. Can't wait to try the new 'll be there soon.
Great news: 5th straight month of 200k+ nat'l job growth. In MD, we choose to invest in schools, innovation &amp; infrastructure w great results
Are you a techie with an interest in the  or a scientist? Join us for our  Challenge. @databay_md 
Thank you  for showing us that a few motivated people can change the world. 
Today, I join  across our State in marking the 50th Anniversary of the .
RT @StateMaryland: RT @MDMEMA: Severe t-storm watch extended to upper Eastern Shore. Follow forecasts and keep devices charged. EM
To address the threat of climate change, we must encourage the development of clean, renewable energy like offshore wind energy production
Today's wind energy news is an important step forward in our plan to drive up renewable energy generation in MD by 20% by 2022.
Today @Interior took the final step to auction 80,000 acres offshore Maryland for wind energy production.
RT @kenulman: Time to rally, . We may be down, but we're not out! VOTE    …
Happy -starting today salons like @thedrybar can apply for &amp; serve wine/champagne/beer w/ hair services 
Congratulations to Admiral Michelle Howard, the first female Four Star Admiral in the history of the  Navy. 
Best of luck to the  Men’s Soccer Team against Belgium today. Especially U of MD alums @gzusi and @Omar4Gonzalez 
Yes! Very excited @UofMaryland is officially joining the @bigtenconf today.  RT @presidentloh Do you ?
RT @theDrybar: So surreal, but today is proclaimed  in @StateMaryland! Special thx to @GovernorOMalley &amp; DB regional manager C…
Join @kenulman &amp; help  advance in @parademagazine’s  contest! Voting ends at midnight: 
No woman should have her health care decisions made by her boss. Period. This decision is wrong and a setback for women’s health.
Good game by . Congratulations on advancing!
RT @ClintonGlobal: Maryland @GovernorOMalley announces a new  commitment to create a Mid-Atlantic  Exchange: http…
.@BrianFrosh was a leader on strengthening our gun safety laws, and a leader on restoring the Bay. He’s going to be an outstanding AG.
Maryland will be incredibly well served with Anthony Brown as Governor. He is a true American success story.
Last polling place of the  George's County.  
Getting Out the Vote with @RepDonnaEdwards and Mayor Walter Lee James 
A little less then five hours to vote in Maryland. Find your polling location &amp; tweet at me w/ your I Voted sticker 
Quick picture break with some of the Brown-Ulman volunteers working hard to get out the vote today in Maryland. 
GOTV RT @BrianFrosh: Grateful to have such great support today! Thanks @GovernorOMalley &amp; @ChrisVanHollen  
Getting out the vote for Anthony Brown with my son William. Find your polling location:  
RT @BrownforMD: About to head out to our final GOTV rally in Prince George's County. Cc @GovernorOMalley @kenulman @DonnaFEdwards http://t.…
Pleasure to be there MT @BrianFrosh: What a great time last night! Thanks @GovernorOMalley for coming out and singing 
Tomorrow is Election Day in Maryland. Make your plan to vote and find your polling location here: 
We filmed a fun behind-the-scenes video from my trip to Iowa that I hope you’ll watch and share with friends 
Thank you to the @NewPsalmist family for your kindness this am. @ltgovbrown &amp; I thank you for all you've done for 8 yrs. Forward, not back!
RT @PatMurphy4Iowa: "Thank you, Pat, for having the guts to do this really important work." @GovernorOMalley  
Excellent time campaigning in Cedar Rapids, IA with @Senator_Hatch, @MonicaVernon, @senatorrobhogg, and his son. 
Here’s the full video from my speech earlier today at the @iowademocrats 2014 Convention. Please share. 
Let’s go! MT @Senator_Hatch: Thanks for the energy and excitement Democrats! We're off to campaign the rest of the day with @GovernorOMalley
Progress is a choice. We do not move forward by chance.  Hope drives belief. Belief drives action. And action achieves results. 
Prosperity doesn’t trickle down from the top. Never has. When workers earn more money businesses have more customers &amp; economy grows 
The stronger we make our country, the more she gives back to us. We will not solve our problems by doing less. We must do more.
To those who would prescribe a “future of less” for America’s middle class - how much less education will make our children smarter? 
Our founders didn’t belittle science and learning; they aspired to it. They didn’t appeal to America’s fears; they inspired courage 
The patriots who made America great did not pray for their president to fail, they prayed for their president to succeed. 
For 235 years, we've been the country that thrilled the world, and led the world, in large part by making ourselves stronger at home 
Talking to @IowaDemocrats about the story of us -- the story of Baltimore and Iowa, the story of Maryland and America 
Having a great time. MT @LoudAndLiberal: @HeavenAndBalder TY 4 indulging political geeks of Iowa with ur visit! 
Gathered with Polk County @iowademocrats at their canvass kick off in Beaverdale. 
RT @iowademocrats: A  standing ovation as @Senator_Hatch finishes his remarks. 
Excited to join @iowademocrats as they honor @SenatorHarkin at their 2014 Hall of Fame Dinner. 
RT @MarkSchauer: .@LisaBrown39 and I had a great time campaigning with @GovernorOMalley in Ann Arbor today.  …
Excited to campaign with @Senator_Hatch, @BruceBraley, @AppelforIowa, and @iowademocrats this weekend. 
Campaigning for the @BrownforMD / @kenulman ticket on the last day to . Locations:  
Today is the last day to  in Maryland. Find your location and make a plan to cast your ballot: 
Great! Ask your friends to join you before  ends  RT @RuralMaryland: @GovernorOMalley I voted yesterday!
Reply if you took advantage of  in Maryland. Last day is tomorrow. More info here:  
RT @BrownforMD: Even our youngest supporters are out talking to voters today! 
Tomorrow is the last day to  in Maryland. Visit  to find times and locations in your area.
Lots of energy tonight.  MT @BrownforMD: @GovernorOMalley thanking Prince George's vols for their hard work 
RT @DavidSloan26: Thank you @GovernorOMalley for greeting  participants with me tonight! Very honored to have your support. htt…
Great win for the  -- and @gzusi from @MarylandMSoccer had a huge assist. 
Best of luck to the  Men’s National Soccer team in their World Cup match against Ghana.  
Today's Bay agreement is a common platform to restore the Bay in open &amp; transparent ways accessible to all citizens in the Bay watershed.
The Chesapeake Bay is a unique and irreplaceable environmental resource intertwined with Maryland’s identity 
Follow our progress:  -  and 
We increased crop plantings by 200% since 2006, plan to reduce greenhouse gasses 25% by 2020 &amp; passed legislation to increase forest cover.
In MD, we set a goal to restore the Chesapeake Bay &amp; reach a Healthier Bay Tipping Point by 2025. 
The threat of climate change is real -- our prosperity depends first on the health of our life-sustaining environment.
@nancyduden Nancy, Thanks for sharing that picture! Which one are you?
@sarahxc5 Thank you for sharing. How’d you fare on the range?
@chelsea_said_it Happy Father’s Day to your father. Thank you for sharing that picture.
@JimFranke Thank you for sharing that picture, Jim.
@jlschuster827 Terrific picture. Thank you so much for sharing.
RT @RayLehr: @GovernorOMalley Happy Fathers Day. Only had my Dad for 7 years but his legacy lives on in me, my sons and grand kids http://t…
Happy Father's Day to all of the dads out there, and the ones that we'll never forget. Tweet at me with your pictures 
Anthony earned the @baltimoresun endorsement; congrats! MT @BrownforMD: Balt. Sun endorses Anthony Brown for Governor 
The thread of human dignity held our flag together in 1814 when the Star-Spangled Banner was written &amp; it holds us together today. 
Great to represent  at the @Smithsonian today to  in honor of the 200th anniversary of the Star-Spangled Banner. 
We froze tuition for 4 years in 2007. Since, we've capped increases at 3% a year. 
The Wash Post says we've done more in Maryland to hold down the cost of college tuition than any other state: 
RT @BrownforMD: . @GovernorOmalley stopped by our Baltimore City office to thank volunteers for their hard work!   http:…
Out this morning encouraging Marylanders to vote early. Look up your locations by county:  
RT @BenJealous: Attention : early voting starts today! Here's why you should take advantage of it 
Again, early primary voting in Maryland starts tomorrow. For more information, visit 
We've also moved re-enfranchise as many as 52,000 rehabilitated Marylanders, men &amp; women who have paid their debt within our justice system
In MD, we’ve expanded voting access by enabling on-site early voting, same day registration, &amp; bolstering our online registration services.
Early voting starts tomorrow in MD and more likely to vote if you have a plan to cast your ballot. What's yours? 
Thanks @BarackObama for signing . The bill will strengthen @PortofBalt, expand Poplar Island restoration &amp; create good-paying jobs.
Kicking off a patriotic summer with a  from last week's Star-Spangled Banner Trail announcement. 
Congratulations to @UMDCoachSzefc and the entire @UMTerpsBaseball baseball team on an outstanding season.  
RT @nickcstewart: Big news! @GovernorOMalley endorsed our campaign for the House of Delegates!   …
RT @GovPeterShumlin: I'm signing a bill to  in  so those working hard have a fighting chance. It's just common sense. http:…
Big win today for @UMTerpsBaseball.   
Come see my band O’Malley’s March open for Black 47 tonight at Baltimore Soundstage. Doors open at 630pm. Tickets: 
Maryland astronaut Reid Wiseman posted the first Vine from space - a time lapse single earth orbit. You should watch 
We owe unceasing gratitude to all who made the historic landings in Normandy on June 6, 1944. 
70 yrs ago today, Marylanders from the famed 29th infantry division stormed the beaches of Normandy &amp; changed the course of history. 
Congratulations to @UofMaryland Pitcher @jstinnett7 on getting drafted in the 2nd round last night by the Chicago Cubs.
I'm ready  MT @UMTerpsHRclub: @GovernorOMalley R U ready 4 @UMTerpsBaseball in the Super Regionals vs ? 
RT @BrianFrosh: Thank you @GovernorOMalley for your support!   
RT @CountyExecBaker: @GovernorOMalley "One state stood up and saved the nation, and that was our state." @Maryland  http://…
The legacy of the the War of 1812 is that our diverse young nation was able to hold together and defend herself, &amp; Maryland was at the fore.
Two centuries ago, in the War of 1812, MD citizens encountered an unforgiving invader in more raids and battles than in any other state.
Today I'm announcing the opening of the Star-Spangled Banner National Historic Trail, which will tell the story of the War of 1812 in MD.
RT @StateMaryland: RT @UMUC: Get involved with our state's own  and help our  find the jobs they want! …
RT @SenatorCardin:  crabcakes cant fall to Buffalo wings in @RollCall's Taste of America. Vote MD &amp;  let the comeback begin
http:/…
Great to see @RichardTrumka at the @AFLCIO today. He's a fan of a stronger middle  the  @Orioles 
Maryland kids &amp; teens can  this summer. Find free  at  or txt FOOD to 877-877.
Our economy is getting stronger, and with @ltgovbrown's leadership, together we will continue to create jobs &amp; make it even stronger still.
Great to work together. MT @MomsDemand: Our MD moms thank Gov O'Malley on the 1-yr anniv. of the Firearms Safety Act. 
Congrats to Maryland-based @Discovery Communications on moving into the Fortune 500.
Since 2007, we’ve driven down violent crime by  &amp; homicides by 32% in MD. Follow our progress: 
Govt's most sacred responsibility is keeping people safe. Our goal is to drive down violent crime in MD 20% by 2018 
3 of my administration’s 16 strategic goals relate to climate change. Track our progress @StateStat  
MD’s carbon reduction plan reduces emissions by 25%, generates 25% of energy from renewables, &amp; creates 37k jobs.  
Maryland is among nation's most vulnerable states to sea level rise, but we have a plan.  
I applaud the President's plan to reduce CO2 pollution from existing power plants 
Climate change is the transformation that transforms everything. 
Great to be w/ @Clyburn for a book signing for "Blessed Experiences."  
Thanks, Ashley. It was a blast. MT @ashleyvalis: @GovernorOMalley was a hit today at the MD Green School Youth Summit 
The drop in uninsured patients is already lowering hospital bills in Maryland. 
We are driving down uncompensated care at Maryland hospitals, which is lowering hospital bills: 
Our investments are attracting new tech start-ups to Maryland: 
Told graduating class at Bethesda-Chevy Chase HS 40yrs ago you could find me near the school w/ my dog Louie.  
We’re creating cybersecurity jobs, driving solutions to protect personal information &amp; leading the fight to secure America’s virtual borders
Today @SenatorBarb &amp; I launched the Maryland Cybersecurity Roundtable to expand MD's cybersecurity industry &amp; create jobs.
Zero emission vehicles are essential to creating healthier, more sustainable transportation and achieving our air quality &amp; climate goals.
MD is partnering with 7 other states to reduce greenhouse gas &amp; smog by putting  million zero emission vehicles on the road by 2025.
Watch Cmdr. Reid Wiseman from Cockeysville, MD launch to the Int’l Space Station live here: 
In about  hours, Cmdr. Reid Wiseman from Cockeysville, MD is scheduled to launch to the Int'l Space Station. Godspeed, @astro_reid.
Her own words speak so eloquently. "We can be. Be and be better. For [she] existed."  Rest in peace, Dr. Angelou.
Final review and edits before speaking with Massachusetts Democrats at their annual Roosevelt Dinner. 
I love that as governor of MD I can still play street music in Annapolis. 
Starting June 1, we're encouraging MD employers to incorporate or expand upon established veteran hiring initiatives 
Today we remember the men &amp; women who gave everything for family, neighbors and generations they will never meet - for one Nation, under God
RT @umterps: Your 2014 Women's Lacrosse National Champions. 
HUGE! @MarylandWLax just won the national championship. Congrats to Coach Reese and the team. 
The recent mass shooting in CA is heartbreaking. We're overdue for a national conversation about mental health and guns 
"Climate change is the transformation that transforms everything." Behind-the-scenes at my UofMD Commencement Address 
Great story! This @JohnsHopkins grad's dad returned from Afghanistan to surprise her at her commencement. Congrats! 
.@JulianCastro will be an outstanding HUD Secretary. Glad to see another mayor join @anthonyfoxx &amp; @USDA's Tom Vilsack in the Cabinet.
Congrats to @ShaunHUD on being named new OMB director. He's done great driving performance management via HUDStat. 
RT @baltimoresun: Going to @OCMaryland over the long weekend? Here are some of our readers' favorite haunts: 

.@TheTodayShow was live at MD's most popular beach travel spot, @OCMaryland, this morning. Watch the clip: 
Lots of people are headed to @OCMaryland this weekend. Are you one of them? What other MD beaches are you visiting this weekend?
My Huffington Post piece on making college more affordable and the choices we’ve made in Maryland to hold down costs 
Congratulations to all of the 2014 college graduates.   
Thanks for having me! RT @UofMaryland Top 5 Reasons we’re happy to have @GovernorOMalley at  WATCH 
RT @presidentloh: .@governoromalley &amp; I extend huge congrats to  Class of 2014! Go TERPS! 
We still have time to become great ancestors - to carry our story forward with the on-going story of a life-giving creation. 
We share a single urgent calling to preserve, create, and advance the conditions that are conducive to life. 
The 21st century is a world of ideas, not ideologies. Yesterday's ideologies dictate by excuse. Your ideas question &amp; liberate. 
Class of '14, you enter a world riddled with crises &amp; dysfunctional institutions, but also a renaissance of innovation &amp; discovery 
Congrats to student speaker Sergio Torres. Like @presidentloh, he emigrated from Latin America. Only in America are their stories possible.
I'm thrilled to be congratulating @UofMaryland graduates at today's  
Appreciate Dr. Kirwan's kind words about our efforts to make college more affordable for more families.  
Great to see the @BlueAngels flying in Annapolis today. 
Congratulations to North Bay Rugby HS Girls for their excellent showing at the nat. championship last weekend in MA. 
RT @MdAgDept: .@GovernorOMalley has declared this Emerald Ash Borer Awareness Week. Help save the Ash Trees.  http://…
RT @MDBiz: Much entrepreneurial brainpower on stage:  winners honored by @GovernorOMalley +  Sec. Dominick Murray …
@jackandraka Well deserved, congratulations. Excellent article. 
I look forward to watching all of the InvestMaryland Challenge companies grow and thrive here: 
MD is committed to supporting innovators who develop cutting-edge technologies, start new companies &amp; create family-sustaining jobs.
Gaithersburg-based @ClickMedix helps patients obtain best-quality care regardless of gender, age, and income-level.
.@HealthifyUS, a start up out of @JohnsHopkins, is helping address the social needs of patients.
The Cybersecurity winner, cloud computing company @luminalHQ, recently moved from West Virginia to Frederick, MD.
Life Sciences winner @BrainSentry has developed a helmet-mounted sensor to identify athletes who should be assessed for a concussion.
Yesterday, I awarded $100k each to the 4 InvestMaryland Challenge winners. The competition promotes tech start ups: 
I visited @hcpss_dms recently to play flag football and talk about students' efforts to help with oyster restoration 
Our strategy of expanding no-harvest oyster sanctuaries is paying off, along with our efforts to produce &amp; plant  billion oysters.
We have twice as many oysters in Maryland waters than in 2010: 
With more coordination, public awareness &amp; tougher penalties for traffickers, we'll better protect MD families from this despicable practice
Together, we’ve driven down violent crime to 30-year lows. We're building on our efforts to find these predators &amp; bring them to justice.
From Nigeria to right here in Maryland, human trafficking imposes unimaginable horrors on its victims, many of them children.
Today in Baltimore,  Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein and I kicked off the 3rd Annual Governor’s Conference on Human Trafficking.
Enjoying the Preakness Stakes with family at Pimlico. Who is going to win? 
On behalf of our State, thank you to these Maryland School of Medicine graduates. May God bless the work of your hands and hearts.
It is my great honor to say congratulations and join the 2014 Graduation Class of the UofMD School of Medicine as their commencement speaker
We still have more work to do to expand opportunity &amp; create more jobs, but we are building a stronger middle class together. (2/2)
Maryland gained 9,300 jobs last month, driving down our state's unemployment rate to  (1/2)
Creating jobs and expanding opportunity has been the North Star of my administration, and our budget reflects those priorities.
This year's MD budget: more jobs, better schools &amp; fiscal responsibility. 
It's our responsibility to preserve these areas today, so there can be no question abt how they'll be used or developed in the future (2/2)
I've also signed a bill today that will expand our state's wildlands system by 50% - protecting 22,000 acres of land. (1/2)
In MD, we've passed marriage equality, outlawed discrimination against transgender MDers, and extended health benefits to same-sex couples
Signed the Fairness for All Marylander Act today. Congrats to @RichMadaleno for his hard work &amp; to @EqualityMD &amp; @HRC for their leadership.
RT @BrownforMD: "You've got to have a plan  and you have to be a leader - that's what Anthony Brown is" - President @BillClinton http://…
Great to be at @PressClubDC today talking about the 200th anniv. of our nat'l anthem this yr. Join the celebration! 
Growing the middle class is a central focus of our work, and ensuring the retirement security of MD workers is a key part of that equation.
Pleased to announce we established a task force today to focus on ensuring retirement security for all Marylanders.
Good luck to North Bay Rugby high school girls competing in the National High School Rugby Championships this week 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms being celebrated today. 
Katie &amp; I couldn't be prouder of our daughter Tara, who graduated from college today. 
Welcome to Baltimore, @TreyDeuce32RTR - we have a strong tradition of great linebackers in this city. 
RT @GovernorMarkell: Concerned poss. acquisition of @AstraZenecaUS by @Pfizer cld impact 5,700 families in  &amp; MD. …
.@GovernorMarkell &amp; I concerned about Pfizer trying to buy AstraZeneca. We'll work to keep these good paying jobs in Maryland &amp; Delaware
Can't believe my little girl is graduating this weekend. I am so proud of you.  
RT @Bakari_Sellers: I'm pleased to announce that @GovernorOMalley will be joining us at next week's fundraiser in . RSVP now! …
.@BrownforMD demonstrated strong leadership tonight, just as he has for the past 7+ years. He's what Maryland needs to keep moving forward.
The bill I signed to extend the EV tax credit will allow us to build more @Chevrolet Sparks right here in MD 
Congratulations to MD native @KDTrey5 on his first NBA MVP award. Moving speech about the role teammates and family played in your success.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day. Thank you for making MD's schools NUMBER ONE for five years in a row.  
Both @GM and @UAW consider this law the best in the nation and we're creating jobs right here in MD at the GM White Marsh Plant 
Great to sign an extension of the electric vehicle tax credit into law today, making Maryland a leader in EV tax credts &amp; green energy
We fought to  b/c nobody who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty.  a raise for MD families.
For the last eight years, expanding the middle class has been the North Star of my administration. Raising the minimum wage moves us forward
RT @StateMaryland:  Maryland families will receive a raise injecting money into our economy &amp; creating family supporting jobs. ht…
I just signed legislation that will raise Maryland’s minimum wage to $
Answering my first question at my Reddit   
I'm hosting a Reddit  at 9am Eastern. Stop by and post your questions and I'll do my best to answer. 
Thank you @HarryReid, @rlange9, @DinaTitus, and all of the @ClarkDems for the warm welcome and wonderful evening. 
Great to be w/ you MT @ProudToRescue: On behalf of Local 1908 &amp; the @ClarkCountyFD welcome to Vegas, @GovernorOMalley 
@ReidScott_ Katie &amp; I will be sitting w/ @Yahoo. Come by and say hello.
A few final edits to my speech at @ClarkDems Jefferson Jackson Dinner. 
Hope to see you there. MT @ReidScott_: I hear @GovernorOMalley is repping  Maryland here at . Would love to say hi this wknd in DC.
RT @AaronDFordNV: Delighted to meet and speak with @GovernorOMalley! Looking forward to his keynote at tonight's @ClarkDems JJ Dinner! http…
Enjoyed spending time with Nevada’s next Lt. Governor, @LucyFlores. 
RT @MDOTNews: .@GovernorOMalley announces @StateMaryland in TOP 10 for bike-friendly states.  @BikeLeague …
RT @DavidAgnew44: Great to have Maryland legislators who voted to raise their min wage to $ at the @WhiteHouse today  http:/…
RT @WhipHoyer:  higher wages for 28 million Americans. RT if you agree it's time for Congress to act to . …
 economic growth and prosperity. It's time for Congress to join Maryland and .
 dignity to every family that works hard and plays by the rules. That's why we  in Maryland.
Nobody who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty.   fairness.
The Senate's failure to  was a missed opportunity to grow our economy &amp; lift Americans out of poverty. We can do better #1010
Congrats to Hawaii on becoming the 3rd state to  to #1010 this year. Now it's time for Congress to act.
Happy to share that I'll be participating in a Reddit  at 10am on 5/5/14 - right before I sign a bill to  in Maryland.
RT @MdPublicSchools: Maryland schools are great b/c our teachers are the best. @Mr_McComb is the 3rd Md teacher named National Teacher of Y…
Sean McComb embodies what it means to be a teacher - tirelessly preparing his students for college or a career after high school.
Congratulations to Patapsco High teacher Sean McComb on being named the National Teacher of the Year.
Glad to see VA making the  of affordable college available to more students, regardless of immigration status 
Since creating a Commission on Autism in 2009, MD has become a national leader in medical care cost-reduction and autism support.
Autism spectrum disorder affects thousands of Maryland families, with one in sixty-eight children diagnosed.
April is National Autism Awareness Month. We're lighting Government House bright blue every night to raise awareness 
The Impact Fund reinvests in MD’s towns &amp; cities to revitalize neighborhoods &amp; spur economic growth 
Today we announced Impact Fund assistance to support smart, sustainable projects like the redevelopment of Old Town Mall in Baltimore.
 MT @SenatorCardin: Here in  @GovernorOMalley &amp; the Gen. Assembly passed  bill, Congress should follow suit.
Pleased to have had the opportunity to visit the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam. 
Pleased to announce that we've reached an agreement and @HouseOfCards will film its third season in Maryland.
Let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams.  
And, unlike @realDonaldTrump, we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships. 
Young Americans have the most to gain from Hillary's economic plan—and the most to lose under Trump's policies. 
When you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. That has to change. 
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recession—and the effects still linger. 
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism. 
"I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values.” —Hillary
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what they’re owed. 
RT @HillaryforIA: “When they have student debt, we’ll put a three year moratory on that so they can start their own businesses!”—@HillaryCl…
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century. 
We are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. It’s overdue for upgrades: 
We’re going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II: 
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch: 
If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? 

Take a look: 
"The time has come for  repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." —@nytimes 
RT @timkaine: David's letter to his daughter about why he can't support Donald Trump really hits home. 
Our kids are watching, Donald.

RT @GabbyGiffords: .@realDonaldTrump might astound Americans on a routine basis, but we must draw a line between political speech &amp; suggest…
RT @HillaryforIA: Welcome back, Madame Secretary.

Hillary heads back to Des Moines this Wednesday. RSVP:  https://…
"A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way." 
Here’s the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. 
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the  Hillary and @TimKaine respond on @Quora:  
Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working families—and a big tax cut for Donald Trump.

Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.

Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them: 
RT @nytimes: 50 GOP officials sign a letter declaring that Trump “would be the most reckless president in American history” …
RT @Quora: Presidential &amp; VP candidates @HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine are now answering in their Session!  …
RT @elizabethforma: Even @realDonaldTrump's childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income household…
RT @elizabethforma: .@realDonaldTrump's econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich…
Last night, swimmer @KatieLedecky won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie! 
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We can’t afford that kind of risk.
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at risk—he’s putting our economy at risk. 
We’re going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change: 
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economics—and it doesn’t help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
We've got to stand up against climate deniers.

There isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it: 
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy: 
RT @Quora: Answer by @HillaryClinton on her plans for her first 100 days in office if elected  …
Here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about Donald Trump. 
RT @UAW: .@realDonaldTrump has an economic  cut the pay of hardworking UAW members.  
RT @TheDemocrats: Creating jobs — it's what Democrats do. In 3 months, let's elect another one:  …
RT @SenSanders: At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich.
"Clinton’s economic  result in a stronger  economy.” —Mark Zandi, John McCain's economic advisor 
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
In Rio, Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first American Muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab. 
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know. 
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." —@WarrenBuffett on Trump: 
Donald Trump's economic plan:
1. Lower wages
2. Fewer jobs 
3. More debt
4. Tax breaks for the 

WATCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the @DemConvention balloon drop: 
"She doesn't just see one America. She sees all of America &amp; knows that we need all of us." —@CoryBooker on Hillary

We have some questions about @realDonaldTrump's cozy relationship with Russia. 
In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.

RT @HFA: We're live on Facebook giving a demo of our Hillary for America mobile app. Tune in to get an inside look: 
The NRA is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped @TimKaine from leading the fight to reduce gun violence. 
RT @JoeBiden: No one wants to earn a Purple Heart. But to those who did, you have America's unending gratitude and admiration. Thank you. #…
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week. 
Laurie Hernandez is the first  Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck!  
RT @BishopGarrison: Proud to celebrate Nat. Purple Heart Day today. Thank you to my fellow vets &amp; service members for your sacrifice. https…
RT @HillaryforVA: In honor of our Weekend of Action, read why Jasmine Smalls (@ajazzyworld) is a proud member of Team . https://t.…
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a president—keeping our nation safe." —Michael Morell on Hillary 
Three-time world all-around champion @Simone_Biles is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone! 
“On the issues, there’s no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." —@HoustonChron 
So proud of you, Karla.

“” —@JeffBezos

Trump's peer reviews are dismal: 
45 reasons why Trump should never be president—just from this week alone. 
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia? 
RT @barb_kinney: This is what I saw while photographing @HillaryClinton, @POTUS and more at the . 
RT @timkaine: The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy, and a weakened VRA threatens that right for too many. It's time to …
Why the @HoustonChron is urging voters to support Hillary in the “starkest political choice in living memory”: 
Why do Trump’s foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list? 
Four years ago today. 
… so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump. 
RT @HFA: Here's the story behind our campaign's first braille button: 
RT @AmbassadorRice: Deeply concerned by raid on . Many detained, incl. @Frankmugisha. LGBT citizens deserve protection. https:/…
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to . 
Four gold medals and counting: Today, @SerenaWilliams hits the court in Rio to add to her collection. 
At the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret Abbott became the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal. 
RT @HFA: Ready for the opening ceremony. ! ! 
Trump just said he “doesn’t throw babies out” of his 

Let’s review the record.

"We have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." —@POTUS on Hillary 
RT @JoeBiden: America is going to see what VP Biden already knows — just how much @HillaryClinton cares about our country. …
This week, Trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called Hillary "the devil," and criticized a crying baby.

Stronger Together comes out in Sept—a book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for America:  
Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes.

"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of  we see from Trump’s campaign." —Hillary 
RT @Hillary_esp: “Él dice que no se puede confiar en un distinguido juez porque tiene herencia mexicana”—Hillary sobre Trump.
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account, @Hillary_esp, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.
“I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.” —Hillary
Trump retweets white nationalists. 
He talks about banning Muslims. 
And yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well.
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and we’re going to do everything we can to get it done: 
We’ve got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now we’ve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and Latino families.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the @NABJ and the @NAHJ: 
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." —Michael Morell 
RT @WhiteHouse: Good news: Our businesses have added 15 million jobs over the past 77 months →  …
Our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the Magnificent Seven. 
We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies.

We'll let you guess.

Watch an exclusive interview with @POTUS backstage at the Democratic Convention.

None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village. 
We know a guy with a binder, @realDonaldTrump. (He might not take your calls, though.) 
RT @CNNPolitics: Obama on whether Trump could be trusted with US nuclear weapons: "Make your own judgment"  https://…
RT @kenvogel: Obama: "I obviously have very strong opinions about the two candidates running. One is very positive. The other one is not so…
Wish @POTUS a happy birthday. Sign his card: 
You saw the Democratic Convention.

Now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:

"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an American citizen, please go sign up." —Hillary in Nevada: 
Anyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons: 
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Every week, @realDonaldTrump hits a new low. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Most of Trump's merchandise is MADE IN (just about everywhere except) THE USA. 
"That’s what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." —@POTUS 
What our economy needs: The largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since World War II. 
Happy birthday, @POTUS. 
The @HoustonChron almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Here’s why they endorsed Hillary in 2016: 
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed. 
"I will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform.” —Hillary: 
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more American citizens to vote: 
As president I will defend and protect America’s public lands. 
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldn’t be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
The RNC showed a negative, pessimistic view of America: That is not who we are.

Do we have challenges? Sure. Can we meet them? Absolutely!
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary 
RT @washingtonpost: "I was Capt. Khan’s commander in Iraq. The Khan family is our family."  via @PostOpinions
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way." 
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use. 
Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired.

Making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes.

If Trump is serious about "making America great again," he should start by making his products in America.

Lincoln: "War, at its best, is terrible."
Trump: "I love war."

How Trump's words compare to former presidents': 
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed:  
Just 98 days until Election Day. Here are 98 things that depend on the choice we make on November 8: 
RT @Dakota_Meyer: If @realDonaldTrump wants to be the Commander in Chief, he needs to act like one. And that cant start until he apologizes…
RT @TammyforIL: .@realdonaldtrump, this is how one usually looks when you are awarded the Purple Heart. Nothing easy about it. …
An important step forward on pay equity in Massachusetts. Women deserve equal pay across our nation. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: No, this seriously  
RT @timkaine: First Trump attacked the Hotel Roanoke. Then a Gold Star VA family. Today, he kicked a baby out of a VA rally. Virginia is no…
Under Trump, our economy would lose  million jobs.

Hillary's plan would create  million—in one term alone. 
All Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both! 
RT @CNN: President Obama strongly rebukes Donald Trump: He is "unfit to serve as president"  
This from a man who says he’s “sacrificed” for our country. 
The  painted a bright picture of America—filled with diversity, love &amp; hope.

The RNC  
12 moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a Democrat: 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Wonderful: Men at  describe what electing a woman president means to them  …
.@realDonaldTrump, when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.

A former McCain advisor says Hillary's policies "will result in a stronger  economy under almost any scenario." 
Barack, Michelle, Joe, Bernie, Elizabeth, Bill, Tim, Hillary, and more: Watch the best moments from the DNC.

Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and @TimKaine's bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania →  
Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:

RT @CNBCnow: JUST IN: World's 4th richest person, Warren Buffett, challenges Trump to release his taxes. "I'm under audit too." …
Cheryl's husband died serving our country. 

Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family. 
RT @IAFFTreg: .@IAFFLocal5 responds to @realDonaldTrump attack over the weekend. @LauraWalkerKC @JakeSherman @TheFix 
RT @HillaryforVA: Hello, Virginia! After an exciting week on the trail with @HillaryClinton, I'm so happy to be home. -TK
Why not carrier pigeons, @realDonaldTrump?

RT @WhiteHouse: "No one—no one—has given more for our freedom and security than our Gold Star families." —@POTUS at @DAVHQ …
RT @kylegriffin1: 17 Gold Star families write to Trump: “Ours is a sacrifice you will never know.” (via @votevets) 
.@FLOTUS brought the house down.
A Muslim family reminded us what America is about.
We shattered a glass ceiling. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Kind of assumed Trump's approach would be more RT if by land, like if by sea. 
Watch backstage as Hillary, @TimKaine, and their families listen to the benediction to close out the DNC. 
Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:

Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khan—and you’re right. 
Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.

The @HoustonChron endorsed @MittRomney in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016: 
Road trip. 
RT @mayaharris_: He’s also made clear he’s fully committed to Hillary's policy agenda, which he understands includes repeal of Hyde. https:…
RT @TheDemocrats: She is a Gold Star mother, she is Muslim, and she has some words for Donald Trump.  …
Thank you, @JoeBiden. 
RT @jmurray20: Hillary is "guided by the sacrifice" of those that give their life to this country. Trump denigrates their families https://…
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains." 
Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the  Senate:

RT @JohnKasich: There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pra…
A night to remember.

The American people have always made this country great. 
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them. 
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldn’t insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise.

That really should go without saying.
Donald Trump says he wants to "make America great again."

Well, he could start by actually making things in America.
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II: 
“Donald Trump spoke for 75 minutes and offered zero solutions.” —Hillary on Trump’s convention speech: 
“I don’t think President Obama &amp; Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the American economy.” 
Americans don’t say: “I alone can fix it.”

We say: “Ok, how are we going to fix this together?”
Don’t believe anyone who says “I alone can fix it.”

Those were actually Donald Trump’s words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed: 
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Party’s nomination." —Hillary
Listen in from Johnstown, PA as Hillary and @TimKaine discuss innovation and manufacturing: 
RT @billclinton: Incredibly proud of Hillary and so happy to join her and Tim on the trail this week. 
Get live updates from Hillary and @TimKaine's bus tour →  
RT @Ann_OLeary: Today in 1965, Pres Johnson signed Medicare &amp; Medicaid into law. We must protect &amp; strengthen these critical programs. That…
When any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone. 
RT @MSNBC: Watch:  asks Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan to repudiate Trump. Tune in to @TheLastWord for the interview …
If you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than the example set by Army Captain Humayun Khan.

Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.)  
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.

Headlines for the history books. 
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, it’s even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action: 
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:

“Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America.” —Hillary
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." —Hillary: 
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." —Hillary
“As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. 

So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"This has been such an !

We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton &amp; the man of hope, Barack Obama." 
Hillary &amp; @TimKaine take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket: 
RT @timkaine: We share this basic belief: Do all the good you can and serve one another. That's what this election is about. …
"Let’s look to the future with courage and confidence.

Let’s build a better tomorrow for our beloved children." 
The next president—and her husband. 
Let's go win this, together. 
Thank you. 
RT @POTUS: Great speech. She's tested. She's ready. She never quits. That's why Hillary should be our next @POTUS. (She'll get the Twitter…
In America, we’re always stronger together. 
"Yes, the world is watching what we do.
Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose.
So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
"She never let me back down from any  was right. You have to stand up to bullies." —Hillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of us…can do it alone.” —Hillary
“Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, he’s offering empty promises.” —Hillary
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country.” —Hillary 
We need to start listening to each other.
Hearing each other.
Walking in each other’s shoes.
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —Hillary
"If we’re serious about keeping our country safe, we also can’t afford to have a president who’s in the pocket of the gun lobby." —Hillary
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential  him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." —Hillary
"Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.'  

No, Donald, you don't.” —Hillary
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" —Hillary
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —Hillary
"Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again—well, he could start by actually making things in America again." —Hillary
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
"Remember what the president said last night: Don’t boo, vote!” —Hillary: 
"In Atlantic City…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" —Hillary
"If you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us!” —Hillary 
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!” —Hillary 
“Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it.” —Hillary
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." —Hillary
“If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." —Hillary
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and it’s the right thing to do." —Hillary
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." —Hillary
"It’s wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." —Hillary
“We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!” —Hillary
“With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House!” —Hillary 
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." —Hillary
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States."
“Democrats, we are the party of working people.” —Hillary
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for  there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit." —Hillary
"We’ve reached a  first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." —Hillary 
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successful…for all Americans."
"It’s true: I sweat the details of  it’s not just a detail if it’s your kid, if it’s your family. It’s a big deal."
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." —Hillary
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." —Hillary
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States!” —Hillary 
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." —Hillary
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in America’s promise that I accept your nomination for president!" —Hillary
"'Stronger Together’  just a slogan for our campaign. It’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been." —Hillary
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.” —Hillary 
"Americans don’t say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, ‘We’ll fix it together!’” —Hillary
"Don’t believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.’ Yes, those were actually Donald Trump’s words in Cleveland." —Hillary
Don’t let anyone tell you that our country is weak—we’re not.

Don’t let anyone tell you we don’t have what it takes—we do.
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." —Hillary
"We will not ban a religion—we will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." —Hillary
"We will not build a wall—instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." —Hillary
FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago:

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America’ to 'Midnight in America.’” —Hillary on Trump
"We heard Donald Trump’s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide  wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
“We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —Hillary
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —Hillary
“@BernieSanders, you’ve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.” —Hillary 
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." —Hillary on @BernieSanders
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans.” —Hillary
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know @'ll make the whole country proud as our vice president." —Hillary
"We heard from…@JoeBiden. He spoke from his big heart about our party’s commitment to working people." —Hillary 
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." —Hillary 
“We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton.

And the man of hope, Barack Obama.” —Hillary 
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.” —Hillary
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you’ve become." —Hillary
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.” —@ChelseaClinton 
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.” —@ChelseaClinton
“This November, I’m voting for a woman…who knows women’s rights are human rights…here at home and around the world.” —@ChelseaClinton
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?…Here’s how: It’s because she never, ever forgets who she’s fighting for.” —@ChelseaClinton
"She always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isn’t.” —@ChelseaClinton
So proud. 
"I’m here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.” —@ChelseaClinton
Getting ready. 
"That's right—I love Hillary too." —@KatyPerry 
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. I’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
Get the latest from the  floor before Hillary takes the stage: 
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the @DemConvention before Hillary officially accepts the nomination → 
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —Rev. William Barber 
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." —@JenGranholm 
A night we'll never forget.

RT @TheBriefing2016: "That's a bunch of malarkey!" —@JoeBiden, holding exactly nothing back last night. 
RT @HFA: "I'm living through history, and my mom and my grandma are finally getting to see it as well." —Ebony, 21, NC …
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the  as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.

“Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.” —@Clairecmc on Hillary 
RT @MoDemParty: You better listen to @RepCleaver — @HillaryClinton won't stay throwed. 

RT @Hillary_esp: “Al igual que  he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos, mujeres, trabajadores”  —@DoloresHuerta. https:…
RT @SarahEMcBride: Thanks to all who watched and all who fight for LGBT rights. Here are my  remarks!  https://t…
RT @timkaine: It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down. …
RT @TheBriefing2016: Watch Michael Bloomberg sum up a whole lot about that's wrong with Donald Trump in less than a minute: …
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." —@POTUS 
Ready to pass the baton. 
On day three, the  officially welcomed @TimKaine to the ticket—and @POTUS brought down the house: 
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me.

I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” 
RT @HFA: To: @POTUS
From: All of us 
We love you back, @POTUS. 
"Thank you for this incredible journey.
Let’s keep it going.
God bless the United States of America!" —@POTUS 
"I’m asking you to join me, to reject  summon what’s best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president” —@POTUS
"America, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. And now I’m ready to pass the baton.” —@POTUS
“You’re who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope.” —@POTUS
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” —@POTUS
"We don’t fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.” —@POTUS
“Democracy isn’t a spectator sport. America isn’t about 'yes he will.' It’s about 'yes we can.’” —@POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena.

She’s been there for us, even if we haven’t always noticed." —@POTUS
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." —@POTUS 
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done.” —@POTUS
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want it—not just during an election year, but all the days in between.” —@POTUS
“The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain.” —@POTUS
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. It’s always been about what can be achieved by us, together.” —@POTUS
"That’s who we are.
That’s our birthright.
The capacity to shape our own destiny."
—@POTUS
"Ronald Reagan called America 'a shining city on a hill.'

Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'" —@POTUS
"America is already great. America is already strong &amp; I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.” —@POTUS
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disaster…he suggests America is weak.” —@POTUS
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"I know Hillary won’t relent until ISIL is destroyed.” —@POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.” —@POTUS
“Then there’s Donald Trump. He’s not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.” —@POTUS
"Don't boo, vote!” —@POTUS 
“Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president.” —@POTUS
“There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America.” —@POTUS
"No matter how daunting the odds.
No matter how much people try to knock her down.
She never, ever quits."
—@POTUS on Hillary
“She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden” —@POTUS on Hillary
“Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office…but Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” —@POTUS
“She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels.” —@POTUS on the 2008 election
“A leader with real plans to break down barriers, next president of the United States Hillary Clinton.” —@POTUS
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.” —@POTUS
“As I’ve traveled this country…what I’ve also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America.” —@POTUS
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous.” —@POTUS
“What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” —@POTUS on last week’s GOP convention
“This is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice  we stay true to this great American experiment” —@POTUS
"We’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” —@POTUS
“We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise.” —@POTUS
“By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started.” —@POTUS
“America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.” —@POTUS
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." —@POTUS
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody.” —@POTUS
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" —@POTUS
"I was so young that first time in  a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith.” —@POTUS
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." —@POTUS
Fired up, ready to go! 
"Hillary is ready.
Ready to fight.
Ready to win.
Ready to lead."
—@TimKaine 
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.” —@TimKaine 
RT @timkaine: Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger tog…
RT @timkaine: "We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the j…
RT @timkaine: "Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth."
RT @timkaine: Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed.  

They all got stiffed.
"Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.

It's himself!" —@TimKaine 
RT @timkaine: Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep…
RT @timkaine: "Republican  they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that Hillary Clinton…
RT @timkaine: “I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't last—tough people do.” —Tim
RT @Hillary_esp: "Aprendí los valores del pueblo: fe, familia y trabajo. Los mismos valores de la comunidad latina aquí en nuestro país"–@t…
RT @timkaine: "If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" —Tim
RT @timkaine: "I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding &amp; carpentry." https://…
RT @timkaine: "I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" —Tim 
RT @timkaine: "I want to thank my beautiful wife Anne and my three wonderful children: Nat, Woody and Annella." —Tim 
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." —@MikeBloomberg 
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" —@MikeBloomberg
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." —@MikeBloomberg
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business.

God help us!" —@MikeBloomberg
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." —@MikeBloomberg
"I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a $1 million check from my father.” —@MikeBloomberg on Donald Trump
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." —@MikeBloomberg on the stakes in this race
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.” —@MikeBloomberg
“He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break.

That’s a bunch of malarkey!" —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump 
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.” —@JoeBiden
“A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as Americans—period.” —@JoeBiden on Trump
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal  security" —Biden on Trump
Trump "doesn’t have a clue about the middle class…
“He has no clue about what makes America great. 
Actually, he has no clue—period." —Biden
“He says he cares about the middle class?
Give me a break. 

That’s a bunch of malarkey." —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.'" —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"There’s only one person in this race who will be there, who’s always been there…that’s Hillary Clinton's life’s story" —@JoeBiden
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." —@JoeBiden
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." —@JoeBiden
"Everybody knows she’s smart.
Everybody knows she’s tough.

But I know what she’s passionate about—I know Hillary." —@JoeBiden
“He’s become a brother to Jill and me—and Michelle…you are incredible.” —@JoeBiden on @POTUS and @FLOTUS
"Every day we’re grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” —@JoeBiden
Watch night three of  live on Facebook as @JoeBiden, @TimKaine, and @POTUS take the stage → 
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.” –@DrBiden on @JoeBiden 
What the world needs now is love. 
RT @timkaine: What matters in politics is if you can deliver results—and Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve.
https://t.…
RT @JoeBiden: I've seen Hillary in the Senate &amp; the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership…
RT @JoeBiden: It’s good to be back, folks. We've got less than 4 months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Dem…
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@GabbyGiffords 
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. That’s why I'm voting for Hillary!” —@GabbyGiffords 
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done.” —@GabbyGiffords
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.” —@ShuttleCDRKelly on Hillary
“We say their names, but that is not enough” —@ImAngelaBassett on the victims of gun violence 
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." —Erica Smegielski 
"I’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —Erica Smegielski 
“It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby!” —@ChrisMurphyCT 
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: We have had  of the unrelenting gun violence in America. It's time for us to fight back, together.  htt…
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
“There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…We can change this.” —@ChrisMurphyCT
“She stood up to the NRA, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby.” —@ChrisMurphyCT 
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side. 
RT @dominiclowell: Christine Leinonen is a symbol of strength for all Americans, especially  people. My heart is with her and her son,…
"Trump says global warming is a hoax.



I say Trump is a fraud.” —@JerryBrownGov  
“From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do what’s needed to combat climate change.” —@JerryBrownGov 
“While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.”—@JerryBrownGov 
"It’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the White House!" —@MartinOMalley 
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." —@MartinOMalley 
RT @HFA: "Maybe one day she'll look back and say, 'I was  we nominated our first female president.'" —Janet, NMI …
RT @DemConvention: Just tuning into tonight's action? Watch the livestream at    …
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We won’t let that happen!" —@SenatorReid 
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." —@SenatorReid 
RT @emilyslist: "Hillary Clinton may be our 1st woman president. But she will not be our last. Once that barrier falls, it will  be…
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." —Hillary

The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos:  
RT @billclinton: So proud to tell  last night why @HillaryClinton is still the best darn changemaker I've ever known. https://…
RT @HRC: Daniel Driffin is the first speaker living with HIV to take the  stage in 12 years 
"I trust Hillary 've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." —@FLOTUS 
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights: 
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known.” —@BillClinton on Hillary 
RT @BuzzFeed: People are sharing photos of their grandmas celebrating Hillary Clinton’s nomination  …
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she’s spent a lifetime doing it." —@BillClinton 
RT @timkaine: Taking it all in. 
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"

RT @rosenbergerlm: "The first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage." https…
RT @TheBriefing2016: A few thoughts from @FLOTUS that seem particularly relevant right now.  
RT @timkaine: .@realDonaldTrump the Hotel Roanoke AC is fine &amp; you should pay them for it. You're the one who brought the hot air! https://…
History made.

"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." —@FLOTUS  
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —Hillary 
“Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president.

And she will be a great president." —Meryl Streep 
RT @ElizabethBanks: WATCH: me + friends supporting @HillaryClinton @DemConvention  

“Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it.” —@BillClinton 
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You can’t." —@BillClinton
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” —@BillClinton
“She backed President Obama’s decision to go after Osama bin Laden.” —@BillClinton on Hillary 
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." —@BillClinton
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didn’t let him down.” —@BillClinton on Hillary’s Senate run
“She’s a changemaker. That’s what she does.” —@BillClinton on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage 
“This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"She’s insatiably curious, she’s a natural leader, she’s a good organizer, and she’s the best darn changemaker I’ve seen.” —@BillClinton
“Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.” —an Arkansas judge on Hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
“Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.” —@BillClinton 
"It was the greatest moment of my   that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —Bill on Chelsea being born
“I married my best friend. I was still in awe of…how smart and strong and loving and caring she was.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.” —@BillClinton
“She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"Then she went down to South Texas…and registered Mexican-American voters.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"She became so involved in children’s issues that  an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center.” —@BillClinton
"Knowing her was one of Hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” —@BillClinton on Hillary’s mother, Dorothy Rodham
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. We’ve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.” —@BillClinton
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.”  —@BillClinton on meeting Hillary
“In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we  a class on Political and Civil Rights.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
You won’t want to miss this. Watch @BillClinton take the stage at the : 
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." —@BillClinton on Hillary

"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show.  a cool head, but also a big heart." —@Madeleine
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." —@Madeleine 
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.” —9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning 
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." —@BarbaraBoxer 
"Let’s declare: Love trumps hate!” —@AmericaFerrera and @LenaDunham 
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.” —@CecileRichards 
No mother should have to feel this loss. 
“I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven” —Sybrina Fulton
“Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone… So many of our children gone but not forgotten” —Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Bland’s mother.
"Let's build. Let's unite." —Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton

Thank you, President Carter. 
RT @HFA: We made history. 
This moment is for every little girl who dreams big. 

Stronger together. 
History. 
Getting ready to make some history.  
RT @HFA: The  is underway at the @DemConvention. You can join in from home! Text HILLARY to 47246 to voice your support right…
“This one’s for you, Hill.”  
RT @RandiBrazeau: It took 240 years but 2016 will be the year of the first woman POTUS!!! Great day to be an American Woman!  …
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president!” —@RepJohnLewis 
RT @sjbxtr: The tears are very real. Now when I tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) I'm not completely full of it.#…
RT @HFA: Hillary's oldest delegate is 102. Read Jerry's story:  
“Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” —@RepJohnLewis on nominating Hillary for president 
“We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." —@RepJohnLewis 
“Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results.” —@SenatorBarb 
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party:  
You heard @FLOTUS. Here's how you can get involved in this campaign →  
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders. 
RT @HillaryforPA: Meet one of our PA delegates who will help nominate @HillaryClinton today at : @MalcolmKenyatta …
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat. 

Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here:  
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." —@CoryBooker at the @DemConvention last night  
"It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."

“Because of Hillary Clinton, my  take it for granted that a woman can be president.” —@FLOTUS 
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight.” —@BernieSanders 
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —@BernieSanders 
" is busy insulting one group after another,  that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" —Bernie
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'” —@BernieSanders
“Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.” —@BernieSanders 
" that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." —@BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States.” —@BernieSanders 
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." —@BernieSanders
RT @TheBriefing2016: "I can't see him helping anyone but himself." —Cheryl Lankford, single mom and Trump University victim 
h…
Happening now: Watch @BernieSanders address the @DemConvention →  
"Trump’s entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial.” —@ElizabethForMA  
Couldn’t agree more, @POTUS. 
“If you believe we are stronger together, then let’s work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president.” —@ElizabethForMA
“We’re not going to be Donald Trump’s hate-filled America—not now, not ever!” —@ElizabethforMA 
"When we turn on each other, we can’t unite to fight back against a rigged system.” —@ElizabethforMA 
“That’s Donald Trump’s America—an America of fear and hate.” —@ElizabethforMA 
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." —Warren on Trump
"Last  spoke for more than an  other than talking about building a stupid wall…did you hear any actual ideas?" –Warren
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers?  A man who must never be president" —Warren on Trump 
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" —Warren on Trump
"He preyed  who had fallen on hard times. He’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —Warren on Trump
RT @HFA: "We’re here today because our choice is @HillaryClinton. I’m with Hillary." —@ElizabethforMA  
Watch @ElizabethForMA live at the  in Philadelphia: 
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —@FLOTUS  
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." —@FLOTUS
"Don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t , right now, is the greatest country on earth." —@FLOTUS 
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters…now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.” —@FLOTUS 
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing only—it’s about leaving something better for our kids." —@FLOTUS
"In this election, I’m with her!" —@FLOTUS on Hillary 
"We don’t turn against each other—no, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." —@FLOTUS
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —@FLOTUS 
"When she didn’t win the nomination 8 years ago, she didn’t  proudly stepped up to serve our country." —@FLOTUS
"There is only one  qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton." —@FLOTUS
Happening now: Watch @FLOTUS speak at the : 
RT @HFA: "Let us declare again, that we will be a free people. Free from fear and intimidation." —@CoryBooker  …
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America, love always trumps hate." —@CoryBooker 
"We are the United States of America.
We will not falter or fail.
We will not retreat or surrender." —@CoryBooker 
“America, we will rise.” —@CoryBooker 
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." —@CoryBooker
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, I’m from  see how he leads in Atlantic City.” —Booker
“Patriotism is love of country. But you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” —@CoryBooker
“Generations of heroic Americans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.” —@CoryBooker 
“Our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." —Sen. Booker
Watch live as @CoryBooker takes the stage at the : 
“So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already.” —@EvaLongoria 
RT @HFA: No matter who you supported in the primary, we are united and stronger together.  
RT @HFA: You still have a chance to be a part of history and join Hillary at the  on Thursday. Enter here: …
Thank you, @ddlovato, for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage.  
RT @Hillary_esp: "Cuando Donald Trump habla de deportar a 11 millones de personas, se refiere a
separar  como la mía y la de Kar…
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias” —DREAMer @Astrid_NV on Hillary 
"Valiente. Brave. That’s what  me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" —Karla 
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, he’s talking  families like mine and like Karla’s" —@Astrid_NV
“My family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the American Dream.” —DREAMer activist @Astrid_NV
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. 

RT @klyouell: I cannot ever say enough how much it means to me that @HillaryClinton speaks about addiction and substance abuse. …
Tonight, @TheDemocrats voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights:  
Opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. It's time to end this epidemic.

We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behind—we're making it a reality.

RT @BernieSanders: We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. 
Let’s make sure our future is in the right hands.   
It's not just history that's watching us—it's the future, too.  
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the : 
RT @TheAdvocateMag: The Advocate endorses @HillaryClinton, the only candidate who is a champion of  causes.  ht…
RT @HFA: Hold on to your hats. The  is just getting started:  
We’re ready to kick off a historic .

Watch live:  
RT @HFA: "Tim has always had a good heart." —@SenWarren

Read what they're saying about Hillary's running mate @TimKaine: …
RT @algore: I am not able to attend this year’s Democratic convention, but I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. (1/3)
"He is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." –Hillary on @TimKaine 
Putting Donald Trump in charge of our economy would be devastating for working families.

No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. All you need is a smartphone. 

“Everyone who has served deserves our  you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service."
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didn’t come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
"We are not going to privatize the , we’re going to reform it." —Hillary
"I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes.” —Hillary on Senator John McCain
“I don’t understand people who trash talk about America…who act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.”
Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor.

They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.
"One thing’s for certain: You won’t ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
"I believe in being firm but wise with our rivals—finding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must." —Hillary
"Americans aren’t just choosing a president, we’re also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary to the @VFWHQ
Hillary's speaking at the @VFWHQ. Tune in now: 
.@TimKaine is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one. 
For more than a decade, @TimKaine's been leading the fight against the NRA—right in their own backyard.

There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win. 

People had some fun with a new game we invented: Sad! Libs. 
"Do all the good you can—measure your life by the positive effect you can have on other people’s lives." —@TimKaine 
"Couldn't have said it better!" —David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech 
Trump's convention message: fear and hate.

RT if you agree we're better than this.

"@TimKaine is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —@POTUS 
"Donald will betray his supporters on every issue." —@TedCruz on the @GOP nominee 
RT @HillaryforVA: Virginians have known and loved @timkaine for decades—and we're proud to have him on Team Hillary: 
"It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken  outright fraud."

Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance 
Your @GOP nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design.

Our goal: 3 million people to register and commit to vote by Nov. 8

Help us get there. → 

Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
"I don't defend what he says." —@MarcoRubio on @realDonaldTrump  
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do."  —@TimKaine in his first speech as Hillary's running mate

Help welcome @TimKaine to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support:  
“Let’s go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.” —@TimKaine 
"America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.” —@TimKaine quoting Harry Truman
"You’re right, he doesn’t trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin.” —@TimKaine on Donald Trump
“I know the ’ve campaigned against me in every statewide race I’ve ever run, but I’ve never lost an election.” —@timkaine
"Hillary and I will not  we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —@TimKaine on preventing gun violence
“In the first 100 days, we’ll put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship.” —@TimKaine
“We’ll make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.” —@TimKaine
"We’re going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —@timkaine
"There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” —@TimKaine
"I’m a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine: 
Do all the good you can.” —@timkaine
"If I’m good at anything in public life, it’s because I started at the local level—listening to &amp; trying to find consensus." —Kaine
RT @Hillary_esp: "Aprendí los valores de mi pueblo, de la fe, familia y trabajo"- @TimKaine sobre su experiencia en Honduras.
"Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.” —@timkaine
“My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” —@timkaine
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in people’s lives.
RT @Hillary_esp: "Seremos compañeros de alma en esta gran lucha por venir"—dijo @TimKaine sobre @HillaryClinton.
"Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.

She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." —@timkaine
"What does Donald Trump say about these great Americans?

He calls the American military 'a disaster.’” —@TimKaine
RT @Hillary_esp: “Y bienvenidos a todos, bienvenidos a todos a nuestro país porque somos americanos todos”—@TimKaine.
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to " —Hillary
"I can’t think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." —Hillary
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our country—from voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform."
Trump's dangerously wrong when he says “I alone can fix it.”

Americans haver never put our faith in one man—we put our faith in each other.
Make no mistake: Behind that smile, @TimKaine has a backbone of steel.

Just ask the NRA.
The people who know @TimKaine best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results.
Pence slashed education funding in Indiana &amp; gave tax cuts to the wealthiest.

Kaine cut his own salary &amp; invested in education in Virginia.
During law school, when his classmates were taking internships at prestigious firms, @TimKaine served as a missionary in Honduras.
"Tim is everything Donald Trump &amp; Mike Pence are not…he is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." —Hillary
“In Philadelphia, we’ll offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls.” —Hillary
Donald Trump may think America is in decline, but he’s wrong.

America’s best days are still ahead of us.
"After everything we saw at the Republican  here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." —Hillary
Live from Miami: Hillary takes the stage in her first appearance with her running mate, @TimKaine → 
RT @HillaryforFL: Rania doesn't understand why a country as great as the United States has never had a woman president.  https://…
RT @HillaryforFL: The crowd @FIU eagerly awaits for @HillaryClinton and @TimKaine to take the stage.  …
If you want to know what someone’s really like, ask his neighbors when he's not around. 
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you, @GovernorVA—proud to call you a friend. -H 
Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Congrats to my friend @timkaine on being @hillaryclinton's running mate! Excited to stand w/you both &amp; fight for safer c…
RT @SherrodBrown: My friend @timkaine brings knowledge and experience to what is already the most qualified Presidential ticket in my lifet…
Welcome to the team, @TimKaine. 
RT @clairecmc: He's 's incredibly 's a joyful warrior,a kind &amp; thoughtful 'll be a wonderful VP! Congrats to my f…
RT @timkaine: ¡Honrado de ser el candidato a la vicepresidencia de @HillaryClinton! 
RT @NARAL: NARAL president @ilyseh on Hillary Clinton's VP pick @timkaine:    …
RT @NPR: About Tim Kaine:  
Meet @TimKaine—Hillary's running mate and the next vice president of the United States. 
RT @JeffFlake: Trying to count the ways I hate @timkaine. Drawing a blank. Congrats to a good man and a good friend.
RT @Everytown: Senator @TimKaine is a gunsense champion of the first order. 
RT @timkaine: Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!
RT @BarbaraBoxer: .@TimKaine has a big heart and showed it as a civil rights lawyer, a teacher, a mayor, a governor, and a senator. https:/…
RT @HillaryforVA: Virginia's own @timkaine has joined Team Hillary—now it's your turn:   …
.@TimKaine's guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service. 
RT @Hillary_esp: Encantada de anunciar mi candidato a la vicepresidencia @TimKaine quien ha dedicado su vida a luchar por los demás-H https…
.@TimKaine is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it.

I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H 
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people. 
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead : Love trumps hate." —Hillary
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America." —Hillary in Tampa
"I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." —Hillary
"We need more love and kindness in this  last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." —Hillary
"He sure doesn’t speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and that’s what we’re going to be." —Hillary on Trump
"He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." —Hillary 
"He doesn’t speak for  don’t think he speaks for women. I don’t think he speaks for working families." —Hillary on Trump
"As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" —Hillary 
"I've never heard an American  that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." —Hillary
Donald Trump’s speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentment—but no solutions.
“I never thought I’d say these words, but Ted Cruz was  this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience.” —Hillary
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." —Hillary on the RNC
"I think after the last 'd better be ready to go win an election in November." —Hillary in Tampa
RT @albamonica: Hillary Clinton is paying respects at the Pulse nightclub memorial in Orlando 
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
What Trump really means when he says "Make America Great Again”: 
RT @ABC: Pres. Obama on RNC: "Some of the fears that were expressed throughout the week just don't jive with the facts." …
This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's America.

Don't let it.

WATCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination → 
RT @MHarrisPerry: I’ve watched every moment of political conventions since 1984. Tonight I left early. I was afraid. …
RT @JamilSmith: "Couldn't have said it better," wrote the former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard about Trump's convention speech. …
RT @RyanLizza: Leading criminologist on Trump's speech: “A good illustration of how to lie with statistics.” 
Donald Trump doesn't represent us.
His ideas don't represent us.
And his values don't represent us.
Add your name: 
President. Donald. Trump.

Get your free sticker to show the world you're not about to let that happen: 
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House: 
As of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker: 
This is real—Donald Trump just accepted the @GOP nomination.

RT if you agree: We can't let him become president. 
"I’m with you*" —@realDonaldTrump

*Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, 
History is watching. 
RT @Hillary_esp: Sí, construiremos un muro—entre tú y la presidencia, Donald Trump. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's plan mostly benefits billionaires -- and millionaires like Donald Trump. 
Every 👈  time 👈 @realDonaldTrump 👈 makes 👈 you 👈 mad 👈 chip 👈 in👈  $1.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Fixed it for you.   
We are better than this.
RT @BernieSanders: Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the…
Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy,”  @realDonaldTrump. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: This is literally Donald Trump's plan to fight ISIS.  
Here's how the Republican ticket would "protect" LGBT Americans.  
Trump is right about one thing.  
You are not our voice, @realDonaldTrump.
.@TheEconomist ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy.  
Let's review the record. 
If Trump wants to talk about debt, let’s start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump is just wrong about crime.    
RT @TheBriefing2016: This itself is a lie.   
Show @realDonaldTrump that his hateful words have a cost. Chip in $1 every time he lies.  
👀   
About @realDonaldTrump's views on working women and pregnancy. 
Follow @TheBriefing2016 tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s  speech. The best facts, in fact.
RT @dominiclowell: Thank you to the @NBA for standing with the LGBT community today! A big win for equality and fairness over discriminatio…
RT @Hillary_esp: Primero, un "taco bowl". Y ahora, Joe Arpaio. Nada más que decir. 
.@MarshaBlackburn has the best words when you're not running for president.  
"I already have a concentration 's called Tent City." —Joe Arpaio, Trump endorser and  speaker 
Introducing ¡Hillary en español!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow @Hillary_esp.
"It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." —@SenateMajLdr on Trump

We couldn't agree more, Mitch 
So much for party unity.

RT @JohnKasich: The only one to benefit by casting our commitment to NATO in doubt is Russia.  
"Dummy."
"Slob."
"Animal."

Here's what @realDonaldTrump has said about you:  
Mike Pence introduced himself to America last night. Here's what we learned—and what he forgot to mention: 
It’s hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have said—so we did it for you. 
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat.  
"A sniveling coward" 
"Carnival barker"
Just some of the things Republicans at the  have said about Trump: 
Hillary's spent her career helping others. @realDonaldTrump? He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison: 
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad!   
RT @RyanEGraney: BEST THING EVER. What has Donald Trump said about people like you?   …
"If I were in charge, they would  is how we'd baptize terrorists." —Sarah Palin, Trump supporter 
Introducing : Discover what @realDonaldTrump thinks about people like you.  
"You do not represent us.
Your ideas don’t represent us.
Your values don’t represent us."

Add your name: 
Donald Trump  right. 

Vote your conscience. 
Don’t boo—buck Trump 👉   
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@mike_pence Speaking of abandoning your 


Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indiana—and cost the state millions in the process.  
You don't say, Mike.  
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Mike Pence: bigotry with a heaping side of terrible economic stewardship. 
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President.  
A few things you should know about Trump's V̶P̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ convention speaker, Newt Gingrich. 

RT @TheBriefing2016: Newt once compared Planned Parenthood to ISIS. Yeah.  
RT @Hillary_esp: Y ahora le toca el turno en la convención republicana  ¡Newt Gingrich! 
We made this when we thought Newt might be Trump’s VP pick. He wasn’t. Here you go anyway!  
RT @TheBriefing2016: A speaker tonight said that Donald Trump always pays his bills.

Annnd that claim just got rated false. 

 ht…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Ted Cruz once called Donald Trump a pathological liar. And  he is.  
"Pathological liar."
"Out of a psychology textbook."
"Narcissist." —@tedcruz on Trump, 78 days ago 

Very big of you, @MarcoRubio.  
Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups @realDonaldTrump is bringing together.

RT @Hillary_esp: Aplaudo al 5to Circuito por bloquear la ley de ID del votante en Texas, de las más restrictivas. Facilitemos el voto, no l…
Fact check: The  speakers are lying to America—at least 67 times so far. 
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai. 
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID law—one of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H
Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted?
✓Women
✓Immigrants
✓LGBT people 
Trump or Pence: Who said it worse? It's a close call. 
What our president says matters. We can't let @realDonaldTrump's hateful words speak for us. 
This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights.

168 years  
RT @SenGillibrand: .@HillaryClinton is committed to working to overturn disastrous  decision within her first 30 days. https…
Last night's  theme: "Make America Work* Again"

*Instructions not included 
RT @Hillary_esp: Le presentamos ¡Hillary en español!, una nueva cuenta para compartirles información sobre esta campaña presidencial. https…
Trump says he'd run the  like his businesses.

Which pretty much means letting America go bankrupt. 
"I will bring people together." —@realDonaldTrump

Yeah, we don't think so.

"He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." —Ann Coulter on Donald Trump 
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree: 
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016): 
On the 's "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan: 
 exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan? 

Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women.  
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line.  
If Donald Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by actually making things in America.

You're too kind, @SenCapito.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's record of success.

  
Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground.  
This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment. 
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you.  
Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant @GOP platform.  
The Republican Party platform is so hateful, you'd think Donald Trump wrote it himself. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: But @SpeakerRyan still endorses Donald Trump for president anyway.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Mitch McConnell had a much different tune about @HillaryClinton before she ran for president. 
…
Senator McConnell can be very complimentary—when you're not on the ballot.  
Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing.

Let's do this. 
RT @literally_trump: Donald Trump is literally the Republican nominee for president. 

Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office. 
On this day in 1984, @TheDemocrats nominated Geraldine Ferraro—the first woman VP nominee on a major party ticket. 
RT @HFA: Text VOTE to 47246, register to vote, and make sure he never becomes president. 
We watched the first night of the  so you didn't have to. Some of the worst of what we heard: 
Live from HQ: @BrynneCraig, @LorellaPraeli, and @JessLivMo introduce our 3 Million Stronger voter registration goal: 
1973: 
 
Donald Trump is sued for housing discrimination.
Hillary begins her career at the Children's Defense Fund. 
Just 10 minutes left to finish reading Trump's lawsuits. Think we can make it? Tune in now:  
"He's built his empire on other people's backs." —A small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30,000

2,016 and counting: We're reading thousands of lawsuits involving @realDonaldTrump live on Facebook. 
RT @Jorge_Silva: EN VIVO: Trump ha estado involucrado en más de 5,500 demandas. Vamos a intentar leerlas todas en 4 horas: …
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5,500 lawsuits. We're going to try and read them all in 4 hours: 
"Nothing is more ridiculous than Trump's claim that he's the enemy of Wall Street." —@BarneyFrank

We’re going to enfranchise as many Americans as possible, and we're going to win. Join us: 

Trump bulldozed his way into this nomination by sowing hate—add your name to tell him that's not who we are. 
A small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment.

A good reminder.  
Chip in $1 if you agree we can’t let Trump “win so big.”   

RT @CBSEveningNews: @HillaryClinton tells @charlierose Trump is the most dangerous presidential candidate in the history of this country ht…
RT @TheDemocrats: Watch out, fog machine rental company. Trump isn't great at paying his invoices. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Ret. Lt. Gen. Flynn thinks that “fear of Muslims is rational."  
RT @literally_trump: Literally.  
When @realDonaldTrump makes you mad, chip in to make him…sad!  
Trump took over $100,000 from emergency 9/11 funds for small businesses—for his swanky Wall Street property. 
Republicans have a lot of nice things to say—when it's not an election year. Thanks, Mayor Giuliani.  
Republicans say the world doesn't respect us. The world disagrees.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Remember when Tom Cotton wrote a letter to the leader of Iran to undermine the Obama admin?  ht…
RT @lorellapraeli: Tonight is no different than every other day in Trumplandia: he has been disparaging our community from day one.
Meet the starting line-up for Team Trump at the :  
RT @Jorge_Silva: "SCOTUS debería aceptar la petición del DOJ para reconsiderar el caso  v Texas. Mantengamos las familias inmigrantes…
"Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started." 

With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear  v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant families together. -H
Lincoln called it "terrible." FDR said he hated it.

@realDonaldTrump? "I love war."

Today’s  theme: “Law and Order.”

"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –@POTUS 
RT @TheBriefing2016: So this is kind of   
We can't let these two anywhere near the White House. 
"No nos representas. Tus ideas no nos representan. Tus valores no nos representan"
Carta abierta a Trump. Firma hoy: 
Commit to vote today to show @realDonaldTrump we're : 
"I’m pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election." —Hillary
"As Dr. King said, 'Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter.' None of can afford to be silent." —Hillary
We're watching the Party of Lincoln become the Party of Trump.

That's not just a loss for our country—it's a threat.
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart. I will work every single day to do just that."
Let’s also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. We’ve got to try to see the world through their eyes.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day.
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all, especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.
Fixing the mass incarceration crisis.
Dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline.
Helping the formerly incarcerated.

It's time to act.
We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law.
"Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better."
"Killing police officers is a terrible  who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable." —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks to the @NAACP in Cincinnati: 
Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president. 

Confessions of a Republican:

"I was a  Trump, he's a different kind of man. This man scares me."

Donald Trump is about to become the @GOP nominee for president. Add your name if you won't let him win: 
I stand with everyone at the International AIDS Conference in Durban in the fight for an .  -H
"I think the Party is about to make a terrible mistake in Cleveland." A confession from a Republican on Trump:

Getting rid of gun-free school zones.
Banning Muslims entering the country.

What you need to know about Trump: 
"Are you going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who's building bridges?" —@Lin_Manuel

Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother, Gwen Carr, is advocating for reform: 
Just a few of the ways @realDonaldTrump has proven that he's unfit for the presidency:

Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. 
That time Donald Trump introduced his running  of.

Your potential next president on building a 
 
And bathrooms.

RT @HFA: Barack&amp;
Hillary&amp;
You

Join the team.  
La próxima semana, los republicanos nominarán a alguien que piensa que una campaña para la comunidad latina es tuitear un 'taco bowl'.
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.

What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to? 
Mike Pence would outlaw abortion.

And Donald Trump just made him his running mate. 
RT @StopBigMoney: .@HillaryClinton pledges  reform plan in first 30 days! RT if you're ready to end . https:…
Bad for:
✔️ The economy
✔️ Women
✔️ Immigrants 
✔️ And *literally* the planet 
Well, ​*we’ve*​ got plenty to say about Mike Pence. Here you go: 
RT @nowthisnews: Donald Trump's VP pick Mike Pence is anti-woman, anti-LGBTQ, anti-immigrant, but pro-cigarettes  
"I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history." —Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence 
RT @elizabethforma: Of COURSE @realDonaldTrump – a guy who calls women fat pigs &amp; bimbos – picked a VP who is famous for trying to control…
RT @ChadHGriffin: .@realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence are a threat to all LGBTQ people have fought for. Now more than ever  https:/…
RT @UltraViolet: Trump thinks he's "great for women" but this is one of the most anti-woman tickets in history. 
FACT: Mike Pence advocated for legislation that allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT people.

Donald Trump:
Always divisive.
Not so decisive.

Hillary on the situation in . 
RT @MomsDemand: Trump's VP pick : A-rated by the NRA, accepted tens of thousands in campaign donations from the gun lobby. https:…
Mike Pence: He’s Donald Trump with a different haircut. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: He opposes raising the minimum wage, and he really, really, really wants to privatize Social Security. …
RT @DanMalloyCT: Gov Pence has a long history of supporting policies attacking ppl who don’t look like him. (Anti-LGBT law, attempt to bloc…
RT @cameronesposito: Mike Pence's battle against Planned Parenthood caused an HIV outbreak in Indiana. 


RT @TheBriefing2016: Oh, and one time Pence wrote an op-ed titled “Smoking Doesn’t Kill.” 
RT @GavinNewsom: Mike Pence wanted to use your federal tax dollars to fund more of this:  
Oficial: @realDonaldTrump acaba de escoger a Mike Pence para ser su vicepresidente. Aquí lo que debes saber de él:

Si tenías alguna duda que Trump continuará su peligroso plan para el país, conoce quién escogió para vicepresidente. 
If you like Donald Trump, you’re going to love his choice for vice president. 
Get to know Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence: current governor of Indiana and potential disaster for America. 
Chip in to keep Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and their extreme agenda out of the White House: 
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America, say hello to his VP pick. 
It's official: @realDonaldTrump just chose Mike Pence as his running mate. What you need to know about him:

Thank you, Virginia and Senator @TimKaine. 
"Every American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" —Hillary on the attack in Nice 
RT @SenWarren: 11 Senate Dems &amp; I sent a letter to @usedgov, @FTC, @CFPB &amp; @DeptVetAffairs about fake schools like Trump “U”: …
RT @HillaryforVA: "This is one of the most consequential elections in our history." —@HillaryClinton. Join us:  http…
Watch live as Hillary and Senator @TimKaine take the stage in Virginia → 
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.

RT @lorellapraeli: I'm an American and I'm proud to fight for a candidate that believes we are ALL Americans  …
One year in, the  has put a lid on Iran’s nuclear program. Strong, principled diplomacy can work. Effective enforcement is key. -H
“We have to move our country and ourselves…toward a future that reflects the simple, timeless notion that all of us are equal.” —Hillary
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly off the rails. 
"I will say what Donald Trump won’t: Judge Curiel is as American as I am and as American as Donald Trump." —Hillary
Even @SpeakerRyan called Trump’s comments on Judge Curiel, “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”
.@realDonaldTrump said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his "Mexican heritage." That just fans the flames of racial division.
Next week in Cleveland, Republicans will nominate someone who thinks “Latino outreach” is tweeting out a picture of a taco bowl.
Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning, not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.

We have to fix this.
"In my first 100 days…I will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.” —Hillary: 
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at public colleges and universities.” —Hillary
Hillary's new college plan will help more students, especially students of color, afford college: 
No one who works full-time in America should ever live in poverty.

We need to raise the minimum wage.
"We need to close the gender pay  earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous." —Hillary
"Latinos are 17% of our country’s population, but you hold only 2% of its wealth. There’s a disconnect here." —Hillary at @LULAC
"Latinos have to help us shape the future of America because you are the future of America.” —Hillary at @LULAC
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live at @LULAC:  
RT @literally_trump: In the fight to stop Donald Trump we've got a devastating tool: literally Donald Trump. Follow for a daily dose of stu…
Remember: When @realDonaldTrump opens his mouth, our kids are listening.

Gun violence against Americans is all of our problem. We need to solve it together.

In the presence of practical, tactical brilliance @hamiltonmusical. 
RT @lessig: On the incredibly important news of the day (or when the Democrats committed to ) — 
In America, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together.

RT @HillaryforPA: BREAKING: Former Bernie Sanders supporter Braddock Mayor @JohnFetterman endorses @HillaryClinton. 
"We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant, inclusive, and fair." —@MarkKellyTyler 
Let’s be more than allies to each other.

Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own.

“If we do the work, we will 'cease to be divided.' We will be indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.” —Hillary
"Let’s be more than allies to each other. Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own." —Hillary
"Donald Trump’s campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to America. A message that you should be afraid." —Hillary
"I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something.  only listens to himself."
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents, but also the IRS—or our military. Do you think he’d be restrained?
RT @Jorge_Silva: "Hay que reconocer que 5 latinos que también perdieron sus vidas la semana pasada en incidentes con la Policía". - @Hillar…
Trump has banished members of the press who have criticized him.

Is there any doubt he would do the same as president?
"When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly wrong." —Hillary
"Even this—the killing of black people by police—is somehow all about him." —Hillary on Trump 
In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us
together, not split us apart.

And that's why Donald Trump is so dangerous.
“In my first 100 days as president, we will make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.” —Hillary
These things can be true at once:

We need criminal justice reform.

We need to support police.

We need to do more to stop gun violence.
The vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to prevent gun violence.

If we’re looking for common ground, this is common ground.
We need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve.
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black  like their lives are disposable." —Hillary
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Bland—one year ago.
"I  of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesn’t happen again” —Hillary
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people.
"The words Lincoln spoke all those years ago hold resonance for us  said: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.'" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse, where Lincoln gave his "house divided" speech in 1858. 
RT @HFA: One hashtag has been uniting people who say  and  since December: 
In America, we're always stronger together. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: It took awhile, but we finally found a copy of Trump's speakers. 
RT @mikiebarb: This from @jwpetersNYT on the hard-right GOP platform, feels like it could have been written a decade ago. Or two. https://t…
Thank you, @BernieSanders. Proud to fight alongside you. 
"Vi cómo ella trataba a todos con respeto. Así es como se juzga a alguien"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.

Let’s ask ourselves, "What can I do to stop violence and promote justice?"

RT @NAACP: You cannot run for president and skip the opportunity speak on the nation's civil rights agenda.  …
Happy birthday, Malala! Thank you for fighting for every girl's right to an education. 
RT @Lin_Manuel: Include women in the sequel.  @HillaryClinton 
Taking on systemic racism—and rebuilding trust between police and citizens—will require contributions from us all. 
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her today." —@BernieSanders

Together, let’s go win this election. 
"You can take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to  We accept $27 donations, too, you know.”
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernie’s campaign, thank you. Our country desperately needs your voices.
"Let's make it easier to vote, not harder. Let’s fight back against attacks on voting rights across the country.” —Hillary
Let’s expand Social Security—not cut or privatize it.
Let’s offer paid family leave.
Let’s guarantee equal pay for women once and for all.
We’re going to make sure that Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich pay their fair share of taxes.
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at those schools altogether.” 
$ an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald, if you’re watching, we’re not cutting the minimum wage, we’re raising the minimum wage.
“Let’s take real, meaningful action to end the epidemic of gun violence in America.” —Hillary
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us.
Thank you, @BernieSanders, not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice.
"He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country.” —Hillary on @BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her today." —@BernieSanders
RT @BernieSanders: Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clin…
"We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party." —@BernieSanders
"We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian American, Native American—all of us—stand together.” —@BernieSanders
"This election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up." —@BernieSanders
Hillary "knows that it is absurd that middle-class Americans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires.” —Bernie
"The last thing we  a president who doesn’t care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage." —Bernie on Trump
"If anyone out there thinks this election is not  about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate." —@BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.” —@BernieSanders
"There is no doubt in my mind  Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that." —@BernieSanders 
"This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face." —@BernieSanders
"I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton." —@BernieSanders in New Hampshire
"She will be the Democratic  I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president." —@BernieSanders
"Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that." —@BernieSanders
RT @BernieSanders: .@HillaryClinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that. 

"Together, we will continue to fight for a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1%." —@BernieSanders
Watch live as @BernieSanders joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire. 
RT @HRC: Today marks one month since the  tragedy that claimed 49 innocent lives. It is time to . …
Donald Trump in the Oval Office is flat-out dangerous. We can’t let it happen. 
Praising some of the world's most notorious, brutal dictators should be a red flag for a presidential candidate.

“Dejó a un lado su agenda personal y emociones por una causa mayor y servir al país"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.

"They picked a nominee whose only plan is to build a higher wall." —@POTUS on @realDonaldTrump's dangerous policies

"Her way of dealing with the stories she hears is not just to repeat the story but to do something about the story." 
RT @HillaryforPA: PA's Senate is voting on a restrictive anti-abortion bill—HB 1948. Call your legislator &amp; urge them to vote NO now: https…
RT @HFA: "Hillary  worked to improve the lives of Americans her entire adult life." —@USProgressives PAC …
RT @CWAUnion: BREAKING: @CWAUnion whole-heartedly endorses @HillaryClinton for President of the United States. More: 
.@realDonaldTrump says he "loves the vets."

Prisoners of war? Not so much.

RT @rosenbergerlm: Remembering over 8,000 men &amp; boys massacred b/c of their faith 21 yrs ago today.    …
New ad: Donald Trump's number one foreign policy advisor? Himself.

And his "very good brain."

Donald Trump says he supports our veterans, but he's taken advantage of them time and time again. 
You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership. 
What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?

"Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." —@POTUS 
For Donald Trump, it's not about what he can build —it's about how much he can take. 
Our economy added 287,000 jobs last month—just another reminder of how far we've come under @POTUS: 
"You can count on her, and how she won’t waver, and she won’t back down, and she will not quit." —@POTUS 
When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions. 
“Necesitamos escribir un nuevo capítulo en el sueño americano–y no puede ser el Capítulo 11 (de bancarrota)”. 
As the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.

"I saw how she treated everybody with respect. That's how you judge somebody." —@POTUS on Hillary

RT @Medium: “We owe our children better than this. We owe ourselves better than this.” by Hillary Clinton 
Community health centers provide care for 25 million Americans. Here's Hillary's plan to double their funding: 
Congrats, @serenawilliams on your record-tying 22nd Grand Slam title!  
RT @BernieSanders: Today's proposal by @HillaryClinton is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to mil…
"@LorellaPraeli's story, like so many other American stories, reminds us of who we are as a people." —Hillary

White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers they face.

“Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.” —Galatians 6:9
"When the 24-hour news cycle moves on, I won’t.” —Hillary on preventing gun violence and addressing racial injustice
"Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hate—it’s indifference.'  None of us can afford to be indifferent."
"Let’s ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?" —Hillary
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.
We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march.
"In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." —Hillary
"We’ll make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not, and emphasize proven methods for de-escalating situations." —Hillary
"I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers." —Hillary
“Gun violence is ripping apart people’s lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen.” —Hillary
Alton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long, painful litany of African Americans killed in police incidents—123 so far this year.
There is clear evidence that black Americans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better.
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much  much senseless killing, too many people dead who shouldn’t be.
"We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in God’s peace" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary addresses the AME Church Conference in Philadelphia: 
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families &amp; all who serve with them. -H
We have a responsibility to fight for the next generation. All of us. 

RT @mpshapiro: See new @Hillaryclinton plan to protect small biz from being stiffed by abusive companies like @realDonaldTrump's: https://t…
Too many African American families are mourning. Too many young black men and women have been taken from us. 
“There has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion].” —Donald Trump, March 30, 2016 
Alton Sterling Matters.
Philando Castile Matters.
Black Lives Matter. 
Trump got ahead by cheating working people like Andrew Tesoro. Now he wants to do the same thing to our country.

America woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter.  -H
We can't let Trump's approach to the economy anywhere near the White House. 
While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus. 
Do you want to build a strawman? 
"The death of Alton Sterling is a tragedy, and my prayers are with his family." —Hillary 
Trabajemos para que ningún estudiante tenga que endeudarse para estudiar en una universidad pública de su estado. 
Newly discovered footage that could destroy Donald Trump’s campaign if everyone saw it: 
The Trump Atlantic City business method: Drive a business into the ground, stiff workers, and take home millions. 
Let's make sure @realDonaldTrump never has the chance to bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his businesses.

RT @AustinHunt: "Clinton’s proposal would make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000" 
Let's make it so that no student has to take on debt to go to a public college or university in their state. 
Praying for a safe Eid Al-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Bangladesh this Ramadan. -H
Who got hurt when Trump abandoned Atlantic City?
✔️Small businesses
✔️Vendors
✔️Local builders
✔️Casino workers

RT @gwenrocco: .@realDonaldTrump fixed 
"In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful…but we do if they get rich by destroying other people." —Hillary
“No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trump’s casinos.” —Hillary
Donald Trump's business strategy:

It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.
RT @jmpalmieri: Always his only metric for success: did I make money? No matter who gets destroyed in the process.  
"What he did here in Atlantic City is exactly what he’ll do if he wins in November." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump: 
“Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long  money I took out of there was incredible.” —Donald Trump
"[@realDonaldTrump's] businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was  bad decisions hurt the whole city."
RT @creynoldsnc: "Isn't he supposed to be some kind of amazing businessman? What  happened here?" @HillaryClinton 
And the Trump Taj Mahal, which Donald called the 8th Wonder of the World, is bankrupt. It canceled workers' health insurance and pensions.
The Trump Marina Hotel Casino in Atlantic City was sold just a few years ago at a huge loss.
Donald Trump called the Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel "the biggest hit yet."

Now, it's abandoned. 
What Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is nothing to brag about—it’s shameful—and every voter in America needs to know about it.
We can't let Trump bankrupt America like we're one of his casinos.

Watch Hillary live from Atlantic City → 
Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:

Hillary heard you: College costs are too high in America. It's time to fix it. 
RT @BernieSanders: I applaud @HillaryClinton for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education.
Learn more about Hillary's plan to give former students relief from student debt:  
Donald Trump's praise for brutal dictators like Saddam Hussein knows no bounds. 
What @POTUS said. 
"Quiero que tú ayudes a elegirla nuestra próxima Presidenta de los Estados Unidos”—Obama. 
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton." —@POTUS at his first campaign stop of 2016

Fired up. Ready to go. 
Follow along as @POTUS takes over Hillary's Instagram account on the trail in Charlotte:  
Thanks, Obama. 
"The fact is, Hillary is steady. Hillary is true. … That’s how real change and real progress happen.” —@POTUS
"Don’t boo, vote! Booing doesn’t help. You need to vote.” —@POTUS on Donald Trump’s dangerous policies
"She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world.  She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief." —@POTUS on Hillary
"If your concern is who's going to look out for working  other side's got nothing to offer you." —@POTUS
"There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth." —@POTUS
"I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit." —@POTUS on Hillary
"I saw how she treated everybody with 's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off." —@POTUS
"Let me tell you, my faith in Hillary Clinton has always been rewarded." —@POTUS
"I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice.  It was personal to her." —@POTUS on Hillary
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States." —@POTUS
“I don’t know about you, but we’re fired up and ready to go!” —Hillary 
"In America, we don’t tear each other down, we lift each other up.

We build bridges, not walls." —Hillary
"The world hangs on every word a president says, and Donald Trump  unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary
"He’s a statesman—leading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong." —Hillary
"When I look at @POTUS, I see someone who—in spite of obstruction he’s faced—still reaches for common ground and common purpose." —Hillary
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policies—from paid leave to equal pay—to be updated, too.
It’s wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries, and we’re going to stop it.
We’re going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas, and reward the ones that share profits with employees instead.
"We’re going to make college debt-free for  help millions of people struggling with existing student debt." —Hillary
"Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden, we’ve had 75 straight months of job growth. I want us to see 75 more." —Hillary
"President Obama’s job was to save us from a second Great Depression—and that’s exactly what he did.” —Hillary
"It means so much to have @POTUS’s support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections." —Hillary
"Someone who has never forgotten where he came from. And Donald, if you’re out there tweeting: It’s Hawaii." —Hillary on @POTUS
Live from Charlotte: @POTUS hits the trail with Hillary for the first time in this campaign. Watch: 
RT @HillaryforNC: It's already a full house to hear from @HillaryClinton and @POTUS this afternoon in Charlotte  …
Q: "Will you condemn David Duke and say that you don't  supremacists' [votes]?"

Trump: "I don't know."

In a new interview, @POTUS talks about why Hillary has everything it takes to be president.

“Si el lugar donde estás no tiene espacio para tu voz, no tengas miedo de crear tu propio espacio”— Hillary en .
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of America—our freedom, diversity, and the values we share. -H 
"To be great, we can't be small. We have to be as big as the values that define America." —Hillary 
Here's to 240 years of progress. 
Middle-class Americans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality, it was yet another giant scam. 
"You have made me a better person and helped me believe I can do anything." 
A message from @realDonaldTrump on America.

Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together, @POTUS. 
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H
Every American should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.

"We join all those around the world in mourning his loss" —Hillary and @BillClinton on the passing of Elie Wiesel 
We're not going to turn back the clock on progress. 
Just like he shouldn’t have his finger on the nuclear button, Trump shouldn’t have his hands on our economy. 
Born July 2, 1951, trans activist Sylvia Rivera was an early LGBT leader whose work paved the way for progress. 
Let's make America a world leader in manufacturing, again.  
The company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told Donald Trump). 
Praying for the safety of the hostages in Bangladesh. To the terrorists: We will never succumb to fear and hate. -H
La evidencia muestra que Trump es un pésimo empresario ¿por qué debemos creer él sabrá manejar la economía del país? 
You could give a speech to nominate the first woman president at @DemConvention. Enter now for your chance to win. 
"If the space you’re in doesn’t have room for your voice don’t be afraid to carve out a space of your own." —Hillary 
Trump Institute taught Donald Trump's real business strategy: cheating innocent Americans out of hard-earned money. 
Trump says people should have pride in "Made in the USA" products, but where does he make his?

(Hint: not here.)

RT @RanaForoohar: Hillary's plan to connect debt relief to entrepreneurship is smart   start-up rate…
Our economy is always stronger with a Democrat in the White House.   
Show Hillary she can count on you to stand up to Donald Trump. Chip in now:  
RT @AmandaRenteria: No presidential candidate has spent as long fighting for the rights of new Americans as Hillary Clinton. 
…
RT @Jorge_Silva: As a Mexican-American, I truly fear the consequences of his anti-Mexican rhetoric. This is not funny.  …
Chip in now if you agree with Hillary and @ElizabethForMA:  
RT @HillaryforPA: BREAKING: @VP to join @HillaryClinton on the campaign trail in Scranton, PA on July 8. RSVP here: 
RT @mayaharris_: Applaud Senate Dems for their strong proposal to help families fleeing violence and persecution in Central America. https:…
RT @HRC: WATCH: 49 celebrities pay tribute to the Orlando victims in new Ryan Murphy produced video with @HRC 
…
RT @rosenbergerlm: Heartbroken by the heinous terrorist murder of 13-year-old Hallel Ariel. No child should be in danger in her home. https…
Pride Month is coming to a close, but our march toward equality continues. Onward. 
If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health, they'd support Planned Parenthood—not attack it.

Scenes from New York City Pride with Team Hillary.

Lucharé junto al pueblo de PR para poner la economía de la Isla de vuelta en un camino de estabilidad y prosperidad.
"I will fight with the people of Puerto Rico to put the island’s economy back on a stable and prosperous path." 
We're not going back, @realDonaldTrump. 
“Donald Trump has a…chance of becoming president."  
RT @HFA: We're hiring organizers across the country to bring home a win in November. Get more information and apply now: …
RT @HFA: Hillary talks early childhood education with a teacher's son:

"Thank your mother for me, would you?"

We should deploy 5G internet to make sure we have the fastest online connections possible. 
RT @johnpodesta: Bringing on 50,000 new computer science teachers isn't just good for our kids, it's good for our economy: …
Cool ties, @realDonaldTrump. 
They were made in places like:

Mexico
China
Vietnam
Honduras
Hong Kong
Taiwan
South Korea
Singapore
Bangladesh
Oman 
From Iowa to California, the primary's taken us to nearly every state in the country. 
We have an obligation to protect an open internet and defend net neutrality: 
RT @HillaryforNH: Today’s vote to restore Planned Parenthood funds is a victory. Well done @Maggie_Hassan &amp; the Executive Council for doing…
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood, the NH Executive Council can choose families or a political agenda. Watching which side they pick. -H
Two words: free WiFi.

In train stations, airports and other public spaces. 
RT @HillaryforNC: Hillary and @POTUS are making their first stop together in Charlotte. Text NC to 47246 for more info on their trip! https…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary visited 112 countries as secretary of state. Trump had products made in at least 10 as a businessman. https://…
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession, let's make the economy work for everyone. Here's how: 
"You are strong enough not to let yourself remain a victim." —Hillary 

Live from Los Angeles: Watch Hillary's town hall with @YouTube digital content creators.  →  
"All Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." —Hillary 
New plan: We should let entrepreneurs defer their student loans for up to 3 years → 
Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethic—second to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end Alzheimer's. -H
Trump's speaking about outsourcing right now.

Here’s one of his shirts—made in Bangladesh:  
RT @dominiclowell: 49 years later, we celebrate Stonewall as a national monument to the LGBT community's decades of struggle and progress.
RT @Ann_OLeary: Senate Dems are right: Public Health emergencies are not the place to inject harmful partisan policies …
RT @LinkedIn: "I believe that people should have work with purpose and dignity." @HillaryClinton explains:  https://…
A progressive who gets things done? Make that two.  
It's almost as if Trump only cares about himself. 
Terrorists are taking advantage of the loopholes in our gun laws. Here's how we stop them: 
RT @EconomicPolicy: Washington DC raises its minimum wage to $15 an hour, giving 114,000 working people a boost.  ht…
RT @WIRED: Hillary Clinton wants to forgive student debt for entrepreneurs:  
RT @sierraclub: By supporting efforts to move to 100% clean energy, @HillaryClinton again showed she's the climate leader we need. https://…
Donald Trump proves every day that he’s not in it for the American people—he’s in it only for himself. 
Today's  decision upholding reproductive rights is a major victory—but we can't take it for granted. 
"This election is about values, so let's just do a few: Donald vs. Hillary." —@elizabethforma 
Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, eight million kids like Kayla are covered. Watch the new ad:

It's not complicated: We need our economy to work for everyone, not just the rich or the well-connected.

RT @jmurray20: It's National PTS Awareness Day and @StampOutPTSD is working to create a USPS stamp to assist those affected …
RT @BuzzFeed: 5 Things That Are Harder Than Registering To Vote, Featuring @POTUS 

"Here’s what I say to voters who may have doubts: No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will."
"You can’t just talk someone into trusting you. You’ve got to earn it  I believe what you say matters." —Hillary 
"Every day, Donald Trump proves that he’s not in this for the American people. He’s in it for himself." —Hillary 
"Americans [are] telling us about their struggles…they want to be given a chance, a fighting chance." —Hillary live from Chicago
A great day to hit the campaign trail in Ohio with @ElizabethForMA. 
"Hillary believes that racism, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place in our country." —@ElizabethforMA

We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
Imagine Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next time America faces a crisis.

Imagine him in charge, with your job and savings at stake.
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making America great, but his own products are made in places that aren’t named America.
We will fight climate change by making America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century: 
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives, they can do it for workers.
Let’s make sure that Wall Street and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.

Let’s put our families first.
We can’t let the student debt crisis continue.

We’ve got to give hard-working students and families relief. 
It's wrong that millionaires get more tax cuts while families are facing barriers to success.

This election is a chance to make it right.
"She exposes [Trump] for what he is: temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president." —Hillary on @elizabethforma
"She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate.” —@ElizabethForMA on Hillary
"When Donald Trump says he’ll make America great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump.” —@ElizabethForMA
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage with @elizabethforma in Ohio: 
RT @HillaryforOH: All smiles as we count down until @HillaryClinton and Elizabeth Warren take the stage in Cincy!  …
This fight isn't over: The next president has to protect women's health. Women won't be "punished" for exercising their basic rights. -H
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across America. Safe abortion should be a right—not just on paper, but in reality. -H
“The children’s health program wouldn’t be in existence today if we didn’t have Hillary pushing for it." 
In a volatile world, the last thing we need is a volatile president.

Continuemos haciendo historia juntos.

Do not throw away your shot. Win tickets to see @HamiltonMusical with Hillary. Enter here:  
We can’t stop fighting until all LGBT Americans can live their lives free of prejudice, violence, and hate. 
“Mi familia ha estado aquí desde 1731 antes de que fuera los Estados Unidos” —Armandina Sifuentes de Texas.

Discrimination against LGBT people is all too common—and goes against everything we stand for as a country. 
When you're in office Americans count on you for real solutions. You can’t respond with a snarky tweet—you have to actually deliver results.
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. Americans deserve better.
No person should be gunned down while learning, teaching, praying, or dancing. It's time for us to come together to strengthen our gun laws.
"There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the  cannot accept this. Not now—not ever." —Hillary
"We need  put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business interests." —Hillary at 
Las personas LGBT merecen vivir, trabajar y amar libres de discriminación y violencia.

RT @jessetyler: .@HillaryClinton is a champion for LGBT equality. That's why . 💁  Text PRIDE to 47246 if you are too! 🌈 https://t…
Happy ! 
One year ago, love triumphed in our highest court. Yet LGBT Americans still face too many barriers. Let's keep marching until they don't. -H
Want to be in the room where it happens? Here's your shot: Win tickets to see @HamiltonMusical with Hillary: 
Every LGBT American deserves to live, work, and marry free from discrimination or violence.

RT @dominiclowell: We're with her. 
RT @lorellapraeli: Make no mistake, Trump has called for a 'deportation force' that would tear families apart and deport millions. https://…
RT @mayaharris_:  has progressive principles &amp; high standards on trade; reflects fact many Dems believe TPP doesn’t meet bar—HR…
One year later (still one of our favorite maps). 
RT @mayaharris_: For the first time,  explicitly calls for repealing the Hyde Amendment, which restricts women’s access to repr…
RT @mayaharris_:  says Americans should earn at least $15 an hour, citing NY’s min wage law &amp; calling for raising &amp; indexing fe…
RT @mayaharris_: For the first time ever,  calls for ending mass incarceration and the school-to-prison pipeline, and tackling…
RT @mayaharris_:  reflects issues Hillary champions, like raising wages, immigration &amp; criminal justice reform &amp; protecting rep…
We're going to keep fighting for equality, at home and around the world.

RT @HamiltonMusical: Enter for a chance to win tickets to join @HillaryClinton at @HamiltonMusical on July 12th:  ht…
To the LGBT community: We're with you.

Love, @HFA.

You'll tell the story of your night at @HamiltonMusical with Hillary. Enter to win here:  
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress, but still face discrimination. This has to change. 
In some states, LGBT Americans can get married on Saturday and fired on Monday. That's not who we are. 
RT @TalleySergent: Our thoughts and sympathies are with those impacted by  flooding. Please stay safe. 
.@BarneyFrank on the time he marched in NYC's gay pride parade with the First Lady of the United States in 2000.

LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence. 
Good for you, Jensen. Every woman deserves equal pay, no matter what her age. Keep up the hard work—and courage!  -H
Thank you, @POTUS, for marking another important milestone on LGBT Americans' march toward equality. -H 
Hours after the , Donald Trump was in the 

Talking about how he, personally, would benefit.

RT @TheBriefing2016: Asked whether he talked to any foreign policy advisors about , Trump says “there's nothing to talk about" https…
"This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House." —Hillary 
RT @GideonResnick: For anyone shocked by Trump saying depreciation of pound is good for business, this is a person who tried to profit off…
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families. 
"We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made." —Hillary  
The fate of immigration reform—and millions of undocumented families—is in the hands of the next president. 
RT @HFA: Follow along to see our 8 state Snapchat takeover! →  
 many of them pay a lower tax rate. 
We can’t let @realdonaldtrump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.

Women's health is an economic issue: Every woman deserves access to affordable menstrual products. Bravo, New York. 
People in Scotland are not thrilled about Trump coming to their country.

We know the feeling.

Thank you, . Your determination has exposed Republican inaction on gun violence and demanded better. We can't give up. -H
44 years since  passed, truer than ever: All students deserve equal opportunity, no matter their gender. 
The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every American, not just some. -H
Desgarradora decisión de  de inmigración podría separar 5 millones de familias en riesgo de deportación. Tenemos que hacer más.
Today's heartbreaking  immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H
RT @repjohnlewis: .@SpeakerRyan, we will not leave without acting for the victims &amp; families of reckless gun violence.  https…
RT @RepKClark: Rather than debate &amp; vote on common sense gun safety legislation, @SpeakerRyan has sent House home early for July 4 holiday…
RT @RepDuckworth: This is what the   looks like frm where I'm sitting    http…
RT @RepJudyChu: .@SpeakerRyan, want to know a more effective way to end this sit-in? Let us vote our consciences on gun legislation! …
RT @RepRubenGallego: Estoy indignado por la falta de acción para parar la violencia causada por armas de fuego. Es momento de actuar …
RT @RepBecerra: We are waiting right now in House chamber to see if our Republican colleagues will allow a vote.   …
RT @RepJohnLarson: They are who we're fighting for   
RT @RepTimRyan: Does it look like @HouseDemocrats are going anywhere?! Consider the floor held.  
RT @RepDanKildee: GOP just recessed House without vote to stop suspected terrorists from getting deadly weapons or universal background che…
RT @YvetteClarke: On the House floor singing "We shall overcome "   
RT @repjohnlewis: We cannot give up or give in or give out. We must keep our eyes on the prize.   …
Proud of 17 years of progress for those with disabilities under the historic  ruling. Let's keep going. 
RT @HFA: We're looking for fall interns to join us at our Brooklyn HQ for the final stretch of the campaign. Apply today: …
It’s ridiculous that teachers and nurses have a higher tax rate than many hedge fund managers. 
You*

*offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, African Americans, LGBT Americans, middle-class families  
House Republicans may have cut the cameras, but they can't cut off our voices. We have to act on gun violence. -H 
RT @jmurray20: 72 yrs ago today, FDR signs the , creating opportunity for millions of , and America too. Let's continue its…
RT @rosenbergerlm: Let's celebrate Jo Cox's birthday by carrying on her work and her values.  She'll live on through it.  
No company in America should be able to pay women less for the work they do. 
RT @HFA: Campaign Manager Robby Mook is taking over Hillary's Instagram account today! Follow along: 
…
Instead of pitting people against each other, we need to enlist everyone in building our country together.
We can’t let Trump bankrupt America the way he did his casinos.

We need a new chapter in the American Dream – and it can’t be Chapter 11.
.@realDonaldTrump’s tax cuts for millionaires &amp; billionaires would add more than $30 trillion to our national debt. 
“Progress is possible … I know Republicans and Democrats can work together, because I’ve done it.” —Hillary 
Families shouldn’t have to spend more than 10% of their income on child care. 
We’ll make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home.
"I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of, not instead of, good wages." —Hillary
We should support our teachers, not scapegoat them. 
Every child should have a path to success:
Pre-K: 
School: 
College: 
We’re going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people, especially in communities of color. 
“The heart of my plan will be the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades.” —Hillary 
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family.
Too many corporations seem to have forgotten: It’s wrong to take taxpayer dollars with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.
"As we Methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." —Hillary
Live now from North Carolina: Hillary’s plan to make the economy work for everyone. Watch here. 
RT @HFA: Live on Facebook: Join @HFA's @MarlonDMarshall &amp; @JessLivMo to discuss how you can get involved with the campaign → …
This is what real leadership looks like. 
FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than @realDonaldTrump's casinos. 
"Trump's economic plans would destroy the  economy." —@TheAtlantic

Hillary took Donald Trump's reckless economic policy to task in Columbus today.

It's worth watching: 
Trump says, “I love playing with debt.” Someone should tell him our economy isn’t a game. 
Donald Trump has no actual plan to create jobs. 
“A proven leader who shares our values." —@AFLCIO

Why labor unions across industries are backing Hillary: 
RT @OhioPoliticsNow: .@HillaryClinton
uses @realDonaldTrump's words against him in Columbus speech.  …
Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120,000 richest families than it would for 120 million working Americans.

.@realDonaldTrump has written a lot of books about business, but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.

We need to build an economy that ensures everyone gets an equal shot and no one is left behind. Join us: 
In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful – but we know they shouldn’t do it by destroying other people. 
"Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake.  Is this who you want leading us in an emergency?” —Hillary on Trump
.@realDonaldTrump, only someone who’s never actually faced the consequences of his mistakes would brag, “I play with bankruptcy.”
"The same people [Trump's] trying to get to vote for him now are people he’s been exploiting for years” —Hillary: 
Trump has written a lot of books about business—but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
“The last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism, it made the Great Depression longer and more painful.” —Hillary
"He’s giving more away to the 120,000  than he would to 120 million hardworking people." —Hillary on Trump's tax plan
"President Trump" would undo so much of the progress we’ve made over the past 8 years under President Obama.

We can't let that happen.
“The full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away.” —Hillary on Trump's reckless economic plan
"He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as men—as if we aren’t already." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
"Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country." —Hillary
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessness—that’s his business. But when he’s running for president, it’s ours.
.@TheEconomist declared Donald Trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy.  
.@elizabethforma and @MittRomney agree: Trump would put us into a deep recession.  
“I’ll admit—it's a little wonky,  sweat the specifics because they matter.”  
"If you’re running for president, you should say what you want to do, how you’re going to pay for it, and how you’ll get it done." —Hillary
Our president should fight for families—not just themselves.

Hillary speaks on the economy, live from Ohio: 
Donald Trump's tax plan would add $30 trillion to the national debt over 20 years. That's "trillion"—with a "t." 
RT @POTUS: Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test, the Senate failed the American peo…
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course. 
"Trump's economic proposals could produce a prolonged  reduce employment by  million jobs." —@WSJ 
Trump's gotten rich driving companies into the ground. What will he do to the  economy?

Oh wait—we know:

.@JoeBiden is right—Donald Trump’s worldview doesn't reflect our values, and it’s not who we are. 
It’s time to demand more than thoughts and prayers from our elected officials.   
Enough. -H 
An overwhelming majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.

RT if you're one of them. 
America has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On , let's reaffirm our commitment to welcoming them. -H
Our prayers are not enough to prevent gun violence.

Tell your senators to vote to expand background checks tonight: 
You inspire me too, @ChrisMurphyCT. Let's all demand action on gun violence prevention:  
Tonight, the Senate will vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun violence. Tell your senators you support them: 
This is just common sense. It's time for Congress to act. 
We owe families of gun violence victims more than prayers.

Tell your senators to act on gun violence prevention: 
A behind-the-scenes look at a historic night.  
RT @mpshapiro: Bottom line from @MoodysAnalytics : @realDonaldTrump 's economic plans would cause a "lengthy recession." …
Happy first day of summer. 
Gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights. Being LGBT does not make you less human.

You'll want to read the story behind this photo.  
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today, she's rooting for the first woman president. 
RT @billclinton: Aidan has made two dads very happy this Father's Day. Hillary and I are thrilled for Marc and Chelsea! …
What a joy being with our new grandson, Aidan. So grateful. -H 
Imagine if this was our president. 
RT @HFA: Hillary remembers her dad on Father's Day.

They may be too young to vote, but these supporters are making their voices heard. 
Happy Father's Day, @BillClinton! 
RT @rosenbergerlm: .@Pontifex is right: Climate change hurts the vulnerable most of all. Let's care for our common home. …
RT @HFA: "We've got a candidate in Hillary Clinton who is a fighter. We got one tough cookie." —@SenWarren

Donald Trump launched his campaign one year ago this week. And what a year it’s been. 
RT @barb_kinney: I've witnessed a lot of special moments as @HillaryClinton's photographer, but June 7 was something special. …
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts.” —@SenWarren to the @BostonGlobe 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Marc and I are overwhelmed with gratitude and love as we celebrate the birth of our son, Aidan Clinton Mezvinsky.
If your business or organization is hiring and needs someone to get the job done, hire a veteran.

On June 18, 1983, Sally Ride became the first American woman and first LGBT astronaut to go to space. 
Gun violence and hate aren't isolated—homophobia in Orlando, racism in Charleston. We need to fight them together. 
In the spirit of the , let’s bridge our divides, fight for change, and remember that love never fails. 
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT American can live life freely, openly, and without fear. 
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you, Michael. 
Donald Trump says he's "the real friend" of the LGBT community.

Yeah, no.

Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality, he's done the exact opposite. 
Helpful. 
Hard to believe it's only been a year since Trump announced his candidacy for president. 
Hi. 
RT @HFA: "It's in the quiet moments you see why she does this." Our latest ad:

RT @Ann_OLeary: 6 babies born w/birth defects from Zika &amp; hundreds more pregnant women w/Zika in US, Congress STILL failing to act. https:/…
"It is cruel and terrible that her life was cut short by a violent act of political intolerance" —Hillary on Jo Cox: 
Thank you, @SpencerJCox. Despite our differences, if we stand together, hate can never defeat us. 
.@oprah Thank you. It’s an honor to have the support of someone who's shattered so many glass ceilings. 
Thanks Chris, for showing what leadership looks like. I hope GOP senators take note. Looking forward to the vote. -H 
Hillary helped get health care for 8 million kids. One of the first ads of the general election:

“Hillary Clinton has proven herself as a champion of the labor movement." 
RT @AFLCIO: Working people have spoken, and we proudly endorse @HillaryClinton  
One year ago today, @realDonaldTrump announced his campaign for president.

And what a year it's been.

It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in America, no questions asked. 
RT @HFA: Proud to have @POTUS on this team. 
Belgium: Donald Trump's favorite "city."

Thank you, @SenWarren. Proud to be in this fight with you. 
RT @SenatorBaldwin: Let us never forget the victims and their families. They deserve action.    …
Trump dijo que el terrorista nació “un afgano” y prohibirá la entrada de musulmanes—pero el terrorista nació en Queens, NY igual que Trump.
An "assault on our values"
A "new low"
"Plays into ISIS's hands"

Newspapers react to Trump's Orlando speech: 
Miles de familias están juntas gracias a las acciones de @potus sobre DACA. Protejamos DACA/DAPA y aprobemos una reforma migratoria.
Thousands of families are together thanks to @POTUS's action on DACA 4 years ago. We need to protect DACA/DAPA and pass immigration reform.
Some fights are too important to stay silent. Preventing gun violence is one of them. Stand strong @ChrisMurphyCT. 
Your @GOP presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories.

RT @JesseFFerguson: Donald Trump isn’t running a campaign against political correctness. He’s just running a campaign that is against being…
Donald Trump is an expert at distracting people from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself. 
America has always been a country of "we," not "me." And we've always been stronger together. 
RT @bkesling: A presidential candidate just accused me and thousands of other troops of embezzlement while in a combat zone. 

…
Donald Trump just gave us his "plan" for defeating terrorism—conspiracy theories and self-congratulations. 
RT @lorellapraeli: Pensando en mis hermanos y hermanas. My heart is broken. In solidarity with these families.  …
A lot of people are saying Donald Trump is a conspiracy  
We just won Washington, ! Grateful to everyone who voted. 
When @BillClinton took office, @GeorgeHWBush left him a note that represents the best of our values.

For 241 years, brave @USArmy soldiers have answered the call to serve and protect our nation. Thank you.  
.@realdonaldtrump: Attacking Muslim Americans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism. 
An attack on LGBT Americans is an attack on all Americans.

RT if you're voting for Hillary today, Washington,  Find your polling location here:  
Today's  decision is a big win for consumers, innovation, and freedom of expression on the internet: 
This is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for those who look or love or worship one way—for all.
We need to work together to keep our country and our citizens safe.

None of this will be helped by anything Trump has to offer.
People can’t board planes with full shampoo bottles—but people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun, no questions asked?
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity, with real plans that actually address them.
Trump's statements are lies—but he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
"He said I’ll abolish the 2nd Amendment. Wrong. He said I’ll let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. Also wrong."
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong, dangerous, and in this instance, nonsensical. The terrorist in Orlando was born in Queens—just like Donald.
"If Donald suggests I won’t call this threat what it is, he hasn’t been listening. 

But I will not declare war on an entire religion."
"It matters what we do, not just what we say. It didn’t matter what we called bin Laden—it mattered that we got bin Laden." —Hillary
Americans don’t need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership, common sense, and concrete plans.
Trump's rhetoric is shameful.

It was one thing when he was a reality TV personality. It’s another when he’s running for president.
People of different faiths, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities are coming together to say: we won’t let hate defeat us.
"I believe that despite those differences of opinion, we’re all on the same ’s more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary
"I believe we Americans are capable of protecting Second Amendment rights while making sure guns don’t fall into the wrong hands." —Hillary
Yesterday, Trump spoke about the terrorist attack in Orlando.

Watch live as Hillary responds: 
RT @ChadHGriffin: LGBTQ people are Muslims, Jewish, black, Latino, women, immigrants. @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is wrong. Today…
Gun violence prevention laws might not stop every shooting or terrorist attack—but they will save lives. 
“Un ataque a cualquier estadounidense, es un ataque a todos los estadounidenses” —Hillary tras tragedia en Orlando. 
If you’re too dangerous to get on a plane, you're too dangerous to buy a gun in America. 
"I have no doubt we can meet this challenge — if we meet it together."

Hillary's address on the Orlando attack: 
"A nightmare that’s become mind-numbingly familiar." 

Hillary on the deadliest shooting in  history: 
Weapons of war like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino have no place on our streets.

Tenemos que unirnos, sentir orgullo juntos. No hay mejor respuesta para los terroristas y a todos aquellos que odian 
Our diversity isn’t a liability in the fight against terrorism. It’s an asset. It makes us stronger. 
We have to stand together and be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists and all those who hate. 
Our open, diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism, not a liability. It makes us stronger.
We’ve seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely, openly, and without fear being marked by violence. We have to stand together.
"To all the LGBT people grieving today: you have millions of allies who will always have your back. I am one of them." —Hillary
The terrorist in Orlando targeted LGBT Americans out of hatred and bigotry. 

An attack on any American is an attack on all Americans.
Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. It’s wrong, and it's dangerous.
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attack—but they'll stop some, and save lives. We need to fight for them.
In Orlando and San Bernardino, terrorists used assault weapons like the AR-15 to kill Americans. We should make it harder for them to do so.
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked.
We need to stop terrorists from getting the weapons they need to carry out attacks. 
"As president, I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority." —Hillary on her counterterrorism strategy
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts, scares us, and makes us furious. Now we have to steel our resolve and respond.
"They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters,  all had a lot more to give." —Hillary on the Orlando victims
Watch live: Hillary speaks on the terrorist attack in Orlando → 
"We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire  is not the answer to hate." —Hillary
Declaraciones de Hillary Clinton sobre el ataque en Orlando. 
"This is a time to stand together and resolve to do everything we can to defend our communities and country." —Hillary on the attack in FL
"We need to keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals." —Hillary on the FL attack
"To the LGBT community: please know that you have millions of allies across our country. I am one of them.” —Hillary 
"This was an act of terror.  This was also an act of hate." —Hillary on the attack in Orlando 
"I join Americans in praying for the victims of the attack in Orlando." 

Hillary's statement: 
Desperté con la devastadora noticia de FL. Mientras esperamos más información,mis pensamientos están con los afectados de este horrible acto
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H
Donald Trump considers his shuttered casinos a success because HE made millions.

A man who thinks that way has no business being president.
When Trump's casinos failed, he hurt a whole universe of small businesses that never got paid what they were owed. 
When Trump had to make an $18 million interest payment, his dad had to bail him out by buying $3 million in chips: 
During a decade when other casinos in Atlantic City thrived, Trump's posted huge losses:  
Trump the businessman? A total failure. He bankrupted his Atlantic City casinos (but pocketed millions for himself): 
"Sec. Clinton will be the strong environmental champion that we need to lead our country." 
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage, senator for hers. Rs should disavow. -H
Trump University: Pad Donald's pockets and put your own finances at risk—all for the low price of $35,000!

.@realDonaldTrump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.

RT @sierraclub: The divide between @HillaryClinton &amp; Donald Trump on the environment couldn't be more clear:  https:…
Lights, camera, history.

A man with this much contempt and disrespect for women has no business becoming president. 
.@realDonaldTrump says he’ll be “the best for women.”

Don't think so. 
"I am the least racist person that you’ve ever encountered." —@realDonaldTrump  
"She’s a fighter. She’s out there. She’s tough." —@elizabethforma on Hillary:  
Trump can’t say he treats women with respect.

(For once, he’s right.)

Thanks, @VP Biden! Your support is a BIG… deal. -H 
“Ella tiene la valentía, la compasión y el corazón para realizar el trabajo”. Mira el mensaje del presidente Obama.

We’re not just going to break the glass ceiling. We’re going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families.
Trump has called women “pigs,” “dogs,” and “disgusting animals.”

We can't even count on him to respect women—much less protect our rights.
Trump says he'd be "the best for women."

Anyone who'd defund @PPFA and wipe out safe, legal abortion has no idea what’s best for women.
Laws that restrict access to abortion don’t make women less likely to seek it—they just make women less safe. 
Defending women’s health means defending access to safe, legal abortion for all who need it—not just women who can afford it.
The Hyde Amendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income women—disproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now.
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a child—like paid leave?
“Being able to plan their families not only saved women’s lives—it also transformed them.” —Hillary to @PPact
"Today, I want to start by saying something you don’t hear often enough: Thank you.” —Hillary to Planned Parenthood
.@SenWarren to @Maddow: Donald Trump cannot be the one who leads the United States of America.

We're hiring across the country to bring home a win in November. Apply to join our team: 

“I’m ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president" —@SenWarren: 
Thank you, @POTUS. 
Proud to have the support of @SenWarren—a woman who is Trump's exact opposite: honest, decent, and deeply concerned for working families. -H
Thanks, Obama. 
.@SenWarren endorsing Hillary on @maddow: "She's a fighter."

Trump "doesn’t care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States" —@SenWarren
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts” —@SenWarren  
"When we come  won’t just win in November—we’ll build on the progress we’ve made." —@POTUS 
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know Hillary will be so good at it." —@POTUS

Honored to have your support. 
"I’ve seen her judgment, toughness, and commitment to our values up close.  I'm with her." —@POTUS 
"Our elections should be shaped by voters' voices—not bought and sold by corporations &amp; special interests" —Hillary: 
"On virtually every issue, Secretary Clinton stands with working Americans and their families." —@steelworkers 
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. "Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia".
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know she’ll be so good at it." —@POTUS 
RT @HillaryforWI: We can't wait to welcome back President Barack Obama and @HillaryClinton to Wisconsin on Wednesday!  https://t.…
"I’m with her, I’m fired up, and I can’t wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary." —@POTUS 
Delete your account. 
"She’s got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done."

Watch President Obama endorse Hillary.

Honored to have you with me, @POTUS. I'm fired up and ready to go! -H
President Obama endorses Hillary: "I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office." 
RT @johnpodesta: We have to make sure climate denial does not find a home in the White House. 
This Oakland entrepreneur is doing more than running a small business—he's changing lives.

History &gt; bedtime. 
RT @sierraclub: Sierra Club has endorsed @HillaryClinton for president! Read our statement: 
Donald Trump's School of Philanthropy:
1. Pledge money to causes
2. Do nothing
3. Cut a check only if you get caught

“It’s a simple but powerful idea: We believe that we are stronger together.” —Hillary 
A note from Hillary. 
RT @ConstanceZimmer: My 8 year old said "See Mom, it's true, anything is possible."  @HillaryClinton 
A headline 227 years in the making.  
RT @originalgriz: This AM I told my 5-yo daughter we could elect the first woman President. She said, “OK, I’ll be the 2nd woman President…
History.  
Front pages from around the country on a big day.  
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president, it would be her mom. 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President." 
RT @GMA: WATCH: @HillaryClinton gets emotional as she looks out over cheering crowd before her speech with @DavidMuir. …
Let’s keep making history, together.

Thank you, California! 
Don’t let anyone tell you that great things can’t happen in America. 
RT @billclinton: I keep saying Hillary is the ultimate changemaker, and tonight she proved it. I couldn't be more proud. History made. …
Don’t let anyone tell you great things can’t happen in America. Barriers can come down. Justice &amp; equality can win.

Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're proud to be by her side all the way to the White House. 
Thank you. 
We made history tonight—but we have more work to do. Chip in if you've got Hillary's back: 
"This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings—no limits—on any of us." —Hillary  
Wish Mom could have been here to see tonight. 
"On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th Amendment to the Constitution—giving women the right to vote."
"We are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose." —Hillary
This election isn’t about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicans—it’s about who we are as Americans. 
We should lift each other up—not tear each other down. To be great, we can’t be small. We have to be as big as the values that define us.
Unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls. 
“Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
It’s a simple but powerful idea. 

We are fairer together. 

We are better together. 

We are stronger together. 
"Whether you supported me in this primary, or Senator Sanders, we all need to keep working toward that better, fairer, stronger America."
"As your president, I will always have your back." —Hillary
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us.
For the first time in our history, a woman will be a major party’s nominee for President of the United States. 
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Brooklyn → 
RT @ChelseaClinton: So proud of you, Mom &amp; grateful little girls can grow up knowing they can run for president  
Ready. 
Thanks to you, we made history tonight. Celebrate with a free magnet: 
Tonight's only possible because millions of organizers, volunteers, and donors fought for this campaign. Thank you. 
Tonight, we can say with pride that, in America, there is no barrier too great and no ceiling too high to break. 
To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want—even president. Tonight is for you. -H 
Let's build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us.

"Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass 's got about 18 million cracks in it."

Eight years ago today. 
Hoy es tu día de votar por Hillary. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:  
CA, MT, NJ, NM, ND, and SD, it's your day to head to the polls. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: @NancyPelosi tells @GMA she voted for @HillaryClinton in the  and is "proud to endorse her" …
RT if you're ready to make history. 
Estamos al borde de un momento histórico, pero todavía tenemos trabajo que hacer. 

Sigamos luchando por cada voto: 
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor, Marian Wright Edelman. Your example of service inspires us all. 
To everyone who's worked so hard, thank you. Let's go win this thing. 
RT @billclinton: What she said.👇🏼 Let’s have a great turnout tomorrow! 
Let's finish this primary strong and head into the general election together: 
We are on the brink of a historic moment, but we still have work to do.

Let's keep fighting for every vote: 
We’re flattered, @AP, but we've got primaries to win. CA, MT, NM, ND, NJ, SD, vote tomorrow! 
Trump is intensifying his bigoted attacks on Judge Curiel's Latino heritage—and belittling his staff in the process: 
Recuerda apoyar a Hillary mañana con tu voto. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos: 
 
RT @billclinton: I’ve taken over @HillaryClinton's Snapchat, encouraging voters to support her in the CA primary. Add: …
There's only one candidate who can step into the Oval Office and lead on day one. 

"Nobody's going to be left in this country that he's exempted from insults." —Hillary on Trump in California: 
33,000 people die from gun violence each year.
 
We can save a lot of these lives.

"Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump" —@latimes 
72 years after , let's not just eulogize the brave men who gave their lives. Let's honor them by defending the values they fought for.
Donald Trump should come out of the towers he names after himself and actually talk and listen to people. 
.@realdonaldtrump's bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended.

We just won Puerto Rico! ¡Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria! 
"We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head." —Hillary in 2000

As we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniform—while they serve and when they come home. 
A preview of President @realDonaldTrump that proves we can’t let him anywhere near the Situation Room. 
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. I’ve never spoken about it publicly until now." —Caryn Michaels 
¡Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu día de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y déjale saber a tus amigos: . 
These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English.

RT @NBCPolitics: BREAKING: Clinton is projected winner in  Virgin Islands Dem caucus   …
RT @elizabethforma: This is what Democrats united to beat @realDonaldTrump look like. Get ready, Donald – we're coming. …
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance. 
Increíble.

It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And they make him unfit to be President of the United States.
In America, it doesn’t matter where your parents were born or what color your skin is. We should be judged by words and deeds—not our race.
Donald Trump’s not just wrong about Judge Curiel—he’s wrong about America. He’s wrong about what makes this country great.
"Judge Curiel is as much of an American as I am, and he's as much of an American as Donald Trump is." —Hillary
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his “Mexican heritage.”
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatest—unmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H
This week, we saw the REAL @realDonaldTrump. Which story appalled you the most?
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own words—and that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week. 
El emocionante momento cuando @lorellapraeli pudo votar por primera vez. ¡Felicitaciones!

.@lorellapraeli: HFA staffer. DREAMer.  citizen. 

First time voter.

Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the  military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quién es y no es parte de este país. Nos definen los valores—no la intolerancia.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks.

When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces. 
RT @latimesopinion: Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump  
.@realDonaldTrump's "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies. 
Q: "Saying [a judge] can't do his job because of his race—is that not the definition of racism?"
Trump: "No." 
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here. 
It’s not hard to imagine @realDonaldTrump leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin. 
RT @mikereedschmidt: Let's create jobs by making the boldest infrastructure investments since we built the interstate highway system. https…
.@maddow: "She's not caricaturing Donald 's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."

Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights: 
No, Donald. Esto no es un “conflicto de interés”—el problema eres tú. 
Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf.

RT @MomsDemand: The choice is clear: Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who consistently stands with gun safety.  …
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Security—we should protect and expand it. Thanks, @POTUS. 
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have @Everytown &amp; @MomsDemand's support. -H 
You literally said all those things.  
Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one "very good brain" with very thin skin.

Recordatorio para Mr. Trump. 
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he's not even president (yet).

Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long. @CFPB's new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump has never negotiated a ceasefire, but he can throw a mean pageant! 
✔ Supports nuclear proliferation
✔ Alienates our allies
✔ Cozies up to dictators

Trump's foreign policy  
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent , then we're not doing nearly enough. 
What happens to the moral example we set—for the world and for our own children—if our president engages in bigotry?

Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes.

Don’t let anyone tell you that America isn’t great. Donald Trump’s got America all wrong.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he’s angry, but America’s entire arsenal. 
The tools Donald Trump brings to the table—bragging, mocking, composing nasty tweets—won’t do the trick.
America’s network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
We’re not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail. 
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trump’s hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Trump isn’t just incoherent; he’s dangerous. He’s not just unprepared; he’s temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Watch now: Hillary on why America—and the world—can't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief →  
RT @ChelseaClinton: Important news. Many thanks to @WhiteHouse, @TheWCS &amp; all who played a role in this accomplishment  https…
There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos.

"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –@POTUS 
“It’s , just max out your credit card." —Trump University on how to pay for classes 
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university." 
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on.
Trump University was a vehicle for @realDonaldTrump to exploit vulnerable Americans for his own gain.

Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them.

He'd do the same to our country. 
RT @johnpodesta: As we celebrate 100 years of the @NatlParkService, Hillary has a plan to preserve America's 'best idea.'…
Trump himself is a fraud.

He's trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.

FACT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics. 
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal finances—how can we trust him with our country?
Trump's candidacy is built on his business "credibility." But his business record matches his character: His only concern is his own profit.
It's one thing to sell steaks using a name as a marketing ploy. Trump's company intentionally put people at risk. 
Trump University employed instructors with no experience and lied to sell outrageously expensive packages. In a word: fraud.
Another Trump University practice, according to its own employees: target struggling families to fleece them. 
Some of Trump University's tactics: push people to take on debt, cash out retirement, max out credit cards—whatever it took to buy classes.
The gist: Trump's for-profit university deceived &amp; exploited students to take their money.

And he has the gall to call the media "sleazy."
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Caution—may cause nausea. 
RT @MittRomney: Here's what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. (1/2)
RT @morningmoneyben: The actions of Trump University employees to prey on the poor and naive are just completely repulsive. …
RT @brianefallon: Trump U is devastating because it's metaphor for his whole campaign: promising hardworking Americans way to get ahead, bu…
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.”  
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it.  
RT @johnpodesta: A takedown of Trump's "stunningly misguided" views on the Paris climate deal, from the guy who negotiated it. …
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience  will be prepared to lead our country on day one." —@JerryBrownGov: 
You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally.

Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as Americans:  
RT @TheCut: Hillary knows she'd make history as the first woman president—and that it's about much more:  https://t.…
First: the @latimes.
Now: @JerryBrownGov.

Here's why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7.

"The future is at stake. And that’s why we’re with her." —@NRDC_AF on its first-ever presidential endorsement 
Aspiring Commander-in-Chief @realDonaldTrump has some ideas about prisoners of war. (He’s not a big fan).

Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need: 
“I like people that weren’t captured, ok?”

Trump has something to say about prisoners of war.

"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump." — @JerryBrownGov: 
RT @creynoldsnc: Not quite! You got bad publicity for scamming vets and then lying about it. But close!  
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't like prisoners of war—but he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief.

Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free.  
RT @postpolitics: Major environmental group makes first ever endorsement of Hillary Clinton 
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992. 
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What? 
Gold Star families like Betsy’s have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks.

Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day.  -H
The Adoption and Safe Families Act helped thousands of kids find loving families—including this one. 
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los demás. 
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of America. 
Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems.

Disgusting. 
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong. 
"Pregnancy  an inconvenience for a business." —Donald Trump

Here's Hillary's take →

Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an "inconvenience" to businesses.

(He could be your next president.) 
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone: 
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.”

President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it.

$25 billion could pay for:

1,500 new schools.
Clean energy to power 5 million homes.



Trump's wall: 
RT @HFA: If fighting for equal pay, paid leave and affordable child care is playing the "woman card,"  
1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podría contraer el Zika este año. Esto es lo que
podemos hacer para combatirlo. 
The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president—on pregnancy.

"I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate." —Hillary in 1994 

What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid.

What Trump wants: a wall.  
Couldn't agree more. 
RT @johnpodesta: Because climate change has one major impact that, for Trump, is awkwardly  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump says he "cherishes women." 

Just not if they're working and pregnant.  https://t.…
RT @creynoldsnc: Brian Williams says all you need to know about the GOP nominee for president.

Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first American woman &amp; first LGBT astronaut in space.  
La única forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es uniéndonos. Nosotros somos los únicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
“Now we know what a ‘good result’ is to Donald Trump—he gets his, and you get hurt.” —Hillary
“Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes &amp; losing their jobs would be a ‘good result.’” —Hillary
“We’ve got to do more to raise families’ incomes.
 
We can start by raising the federal minimum wage.” —Hillary 
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the @UFCW conference in Las Vegas →  
→  
When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear. 

Trump saw a chance to profit. 
There’s nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesn’t matter what we get right. 
El muro de Trump en la frontera costaría al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podríamos hacer en lugar de su plan. 
.@realDonaldTrump, trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."

So, @realDonaldTrump's wall would cost $25 billion.
 
Here's what else we could do with that money.

RT @UAW:  endorses @hillaryclinton for president. 
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need. 
RT @johnpodesta: Getting federal contractors to disclose emissions=important step for  transparency. Good move, @POTUS 
 https…
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room? 
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love—not harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks @GovPeterShumlin. 
The @realDonaldTrump business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck. 
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch @TheEllenShow today at 4 pm ET. 
Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion. 

Some things we could do instead: 
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We’re stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls.
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump bet against American families in the housing crash. Now he says its the "kind of thinking our country needs." ht…
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdían sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos.

Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession.

Trump saw it as a chance to cash in. 
.@realDonaldTrump rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million Americans to lose their homes. 
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us).  -H
Hillary's live on @TheEllenShow's Facebook page! Watch now:  
In Trump’s world, a “good result” means Trump gets his and working families get hurt. We're better than that.
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs." 
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans, not one who tries to profit at their expense. 
Donald Trump could bankrupt America like he bankrupted his companies. Let's make sure he never gets the chance: 
Trump prioritizing his own gain over Americans' well-being isn't new, but it is telling: The only person he'll fight for is himself.
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again.
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families, all to pad your own pockets?
Millions of families—disproportionately black and Latino families—lost homes, jobs, and savings.

Trump tried to profit at their expense.
Right before the housing market crashed, @realDonaldTrump said he hoped it would happen—because he could make money off of it.
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of Americans lost their homes.

This guy can't be president. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: When Donald Trump wins, you lose.  
The 2008 crash caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and homes.

In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: While American families suffered, Donald Trump tried to cash in. 


Millions of Americans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president.

There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump. 
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster. 
A Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about.

We can't let that happen.

RT @HFA: When we work together, nothing can stand in our way. 
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that we’re stronger together." —Hillary 
“The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.” —Hillary
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" —Hillary to the @SEIU
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made America great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead.
"You are often unsung heroes. And I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." —Hillary to @SEIU members in Detroit
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016 @SEIU International Convention.  
@MaryKayHenry Nobody knows better than unions that we’re stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families.
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of Americans. 
"She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness." —Hillary on her mom

There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one.

Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt. 
“Mentiroso", "fraude", “xenófobo" y otras cosas que líderes republicanos dicen sobre Trump. 
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can. 
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." —Hillary
"I believe we have a moral obligation…to stand up against systematic racism." —Hillary at the @TTMFoundation dinner
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence. 
We can't accept this as "normal."  
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes. 
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president. 
Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that.

Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth.

Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion: 
RT @washingtonpost: Op-ed by Hillary Clinton: Child care now costs more than rent. Here’s how to fix this crisis. 
RT @GabbyGiffords: Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President."  …
Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey. 

The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts.

Donald Trump is not qualified. 
You're wrong, @realDonaldTrump. We can uphold Second Amendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence. 
Congratulations on becoming a  citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. 

We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them. 
Dear Congress,

Let's get this done.

Thanks,

The vast majority of Americans 
RT @dominiclowell: Another day, another shameful move by House GOP to roll back anti-discrimination protections for LGBT employees. https:/…
Is Hillary qualified to be president?

Take this helpful quiz to find out: 
An estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year.

Here's what we can do to combat this threat: 
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of American families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified. 
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult.

RT @HFA: This campaign is about breaking down barriers, but this silo is pretty awesome.

RT @Ann_OLeary: Hillary sent me to Puerto Rico to learn more about Zika. Today's Senate vote for funding to combat it is critical. https://…
"Investing in the health and education of  essential to improving global prosperity." —Hillary 

If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work. 
RT @ZerlinaMaxwell: This Nat'l  Day of Action, we must commit to fighting the systemic racism &amp; sexism that women of color face…
Un recordatorio importante. 
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NRA. Our leaders should act like it. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: After 9/11, the Government offered grants to help struggling small businesses. 

Donald Trump took them for himself. h…
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirlo—pero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deberían aprobar presupuesto
Question: "Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"

"No, I do not." —Hillary

"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." —Hillary
"Trump took out a field that couldn’t criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." —Hillary on the GOP primary
“I’m going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.” —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." —Hillary on @CNN
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and  Donald Trump is not qualified." —Hillary on @CNN
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching.” —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump's dangerous rhetoric
"Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?" —@ChrisCuomo

"No, I do not." —Hillary
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." —Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." —Hillary on @CNN
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutional—it's wrong. 
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zika—but it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court.

Here's what's at stake. 
"Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President." —@GabbyGiffords

RT @MichelleWKwan: Apply today &amp; join the team that’s going to elect the first woman president @HFA is hiring:  http…
… y solo es miércoles. 
Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service.

(It's only Wednesday.) 
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en años—Hillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios. 
America has always been about working together to get things done. 
The first openly gay leader of a  military branch—a milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats, @SECARMY.  
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?

RT @TheBriefing2016: You don't need to see who's on Trump's list to know what his Supreme Court would look like. 
Thank you, @POTUS, for making sure millions of Americans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: What's Donald Trump hiding in his tax returns? Only he knows.

Let's make it easier to raise a family in America.  
It's middle-class families that need a raise—not millionaires and billionaires. 
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky. 
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back: 
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We’re always stronger united.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Until Trump releases his tax returns, we can't know what he's hiding. But we can infer.  https:…
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry. 
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide.
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that. 
Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?

Billionaires—and millionaires like him.  
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids.
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know. 
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
Being president isn't like being on a reality show.

We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one. 
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Why would you brag about it? 
Conoce cómo Hillary ha luchado durante varias décadas por las familias, mujeres y niños.  
We’ve got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas.   
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question.  -H
Trump empezó su campaña diciendo que los mexicanos son "violadores" y traen “drogas” y “crimen”.

No se ha detenido. 
RT @HFA: Join @xtina, @AndraDayMusic, @johnlegend, @ricky_martin, Stevie Wonder, and Hillary for a concert you won't forget. …
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room.  
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring American manufacturing back. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's spent his whole career avoiding paying his taxes--and leaving middle class families with the bill.   ht…
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused.

“In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.” —@POTUS 
"Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruiría la economía" —@VoxDotCom

Incomes haven’t gone up for most Americans in about 15 years. We’ve got to fix that. 
"What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"

8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires. 
Hillary was @Wellesley's first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech:  
Made a new friend in Ohio.

Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Why hasn't @realDonaldTrump released his tax returns? Looks like he's out of excuses.

FACT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office. 
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him.  
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential. 
Happening now → join @HFA senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q&amp;A on child care and work/life balance: 
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q&amp;A on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET: 
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a year’s tuition at the average 4 year public college." —@glamourmag 
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes. 
“You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job.” —Donald Trump on women and equal pay 
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump." 
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep. 
Hillary's advice to @Wellesley graduates in 1992: "Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count." 

Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor.  
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump.  
"I don’t want Americans to feel left out and left behind. I want the American Dream to be alive and well." —Hillary

RT @HFA: HFA organizing is hiring for multiple roles to build the team that will win this election. Here's how you can join: …
RT @Wonkblog: Hillary Clinton has a plan for you to spend a lot less on day care 
Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him.

Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today.  -H
"We want to bring unity to the Republican party." —@realDonaldTrump

Good luck with that.

"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Paul Ryan and Donald Trump just met. Here's why it was probably pretty awkward.

80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important. 
Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires.

"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it." —@RealDonaldTrump 
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest  of Americans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined. 
This election isn’t a reality show.

It’s hard to imagine how we’re going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage. 
Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on women—and that's saying something.

RT @elizabethforma: When asked what gov should stop doing, @realDonaldTrump said overseeing banks! How can you be tough on Wall Street by l…
Donald Trump's tax plan:
1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans
2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt

When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this.
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue." —@washblade endorsing Hillary: 
Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care.

It's time they got some help.

It's been a banner week for @ 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump sees no need for a federal floor for the minimum wage. That's only a problem if you live in these states: https:…
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone. 
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family. 
RT @lorellapraeli: .@thedream_us continues to build ladders of opportunity by providing scholarships to DREAMers--a huge milestone: https:/…
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents:  -H
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0. 
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump just selected a white nationalist leader to be a delegate at the @GOP convention. 
"Enough is enough. It’s time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." —Hillary
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that Americans are being paid too much.
A Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care.

Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many Americans are struggling to achieve.
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live:  
A woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "What happened to you was not only wrong—it's illegal."

RT @TheBriefing2016: One candidate will fight for you. The other will fight for himself. 
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care. 
West Virginians, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
"I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal." —@realDonaldTrump

"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the American economy." —@businessinsider 
Americans need a raise. 
Women earn just $ for every $1 men do.

That's a problem for all of us.  
RT @johnpodesta: Fitting that America's first conservation success story is now our national mammal. Kudos to @POTUS. …
"Applying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy." —@VoxDotCom

"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" —Hillary on equal pay for women: 
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch → 
"Making America a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting." 
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families, it spread across the nation.

Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea. 
Here's what you can do to make sure @realDonaldTrump never reaches the White House: 
"It's only been an incredible gift." Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom.

RT @HFA: “Mom measured her own life by how much she was able to help us and serve others." —Hillary:  
"She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known." —Hillary on her mom

Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter, @ChelseaClinton. -H 
New  designs from @DVF and @evafehren. Get them before they're gone →  
.@realDonaldTrump would force all schools to allow guns in classrooms—on his first day in office.

Seriously. 
RT @people: .@HillaryClinton on how exciting it is to watch @ChelseaClinton raise daughter Charlotte  …
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trump—y estas fueron sus reacciones. 
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the , becoming the first woman to compete. 
RT @HFA: Once a Girl Scout, always a Girl Scout.

Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats, @SadiqKhan. -H
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party). 
@JLo thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this.

"I get along with everybody." —@realDonaldTrump

About 

Imaginemos un mañana en el que ningún niño crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminación o la deportación.

Are you a Republican who thinks @realDonaldTrump should not become president?

Tell us why: 
We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency.

They were…honest. 
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport them—no matter how many times Trump says he wants to. 
This is the man the @GOP has selected to be their nominee for president. 
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H 
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: He's been called "the most lawless lawman in America." He's endorsed @RealDonaldTrump.  https:/…
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy. 
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart. 
 million kids in the  have at least one undocumented parent.
 
Trump's deportations would hurt them the most. 
FACT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship. 
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the  and deport millions of immigrants. 
Trump podría ser tu próximo Comandante del Ejército. ¿Cómo es su visión sobre la política exterior? Irresponsable. 
“I love Hispanics!” —Trump, 52 minutes ago 

“They’re gonna be deported.” —Trump, yesterday 
"Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."

What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants.

"I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together."

They say your friends reflect who you really  
RT @mikereedschmidt: Hillary will be the Small Business President—especially for women- and minority-owned companies: …
"Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country?"

@realDonaldTrump: "Yes."

Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive. 
President Trump?

Nope: 
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retórica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. Apply to join @HFA today: 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Thank you, @POTUS, for visiting today and shining light on the ongoing crisis in Flint. 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere.
The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.

Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H 
Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the  &amp; deport millions of immigrants. Seriously.

"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country." —Hillary

RT @TheBriefing2016: "He's a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot." —@LindseyGrahamSC on @realDonaldTrump

RT @kylerush: As a software engineer you can stop Trump. Details here: 
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality.  
"President Trump" is a dangerous proposition.

Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.

"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." —Hillary on Trump's @GOP rivals: 
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump: 
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." —Hillary to @AndersonCooper
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes don’t get much higher." 
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —Trump

Here's what the presumptive @GOP nominee would do as president.

RT @elizabethforma: I'm going to fight my heart out to make sure @realDonaldTrump’s toxic stew of hatred &amp; insecurity never reaches the Whi…
RT @TheBriefing2016: If it looks like a demagogue,
acts like a demagogue,
and talks like a demagogue,
then it probably is a demagogue.
http…
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then let’s vote him down. 
There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency.

Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back: 
"As he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice." —Hillary on Trump

Donald Trump is the presumptive @GOP nominee.

Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president: 
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise.  
"We're not going to be counted out anymore." —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump's disparaging comments toward women

It’s Primary Day, Indiana. If you’re a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today: 
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states.  -H
“We’re going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.” —Hillary
We don’t have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that won’t do a thing to help your families.

Donald Trump’s tax plan would give $ trillion to millionaires &amp; billionaires.
Ted Cruz would give them even more.

We can't afford that.
“What is the other side offering? Unfortunately, it’s the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before.” —Hillary
“Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across Appalachia.” —Hillary

Her plan to address it: 
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and training—from pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.
“Having a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck. 

It’s about dignity and a sense of purpose." —Hillary
We’ll create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements. 
“Even if people don’t vote for me in November, I’m going to be for them and for you every single day.” 
“There’s no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored.” —Hillary
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy:  
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
What kind of president would Leslie Knope be?
 
"Full speed ahead!"

Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it. 
Hoosiers, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
When it comes to love and kindness, @AndraDayMusic puts it best.

We can't let all the progress we've made under @POTUS be torn away by Donald Trump.

Let's move forward—together.

When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise.

RT @TheBriefing2016: In Indiana, Hillary Clinton is taking on the state's new, restrictive abortion law. 
Puerto Rico enfrenta una crisis económica y la persistente inacción del Congreso es irresponsable. Debemos actuar ya 
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones. 
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la única candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desafíos y lograr resultados. 
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now:  -H
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents.

RT @Jorge_Silva: After a long wait, the Republican-led Senate finally confirmed Roberta Jacobson as the new  ambassador to Mexico https…
"Let’s keep going together.
Let’s organize and mobilize.
Let’s make sure that love trumps hate." —Hillary
"We cannot let Barack Obama’s legacy fall into Donald Trump’s hands." —Hillary
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violence—these aren’t somebody else’s problems. These are our problems." —Hillary
Health care.
Education.
Criminal justice.
Equal pay.
Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all: 
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end.
“Something’s wrong when so many black parents are burying their children.” —Hillary 
"Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." —Hillary
“Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary
“Let America ‘be that great strong land of love.’ That is more than poetry…that’s a prayer.” —Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual @NAACP dinner in Detroit → 
This , let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders to our country. 
"She’s battle tested, she’s got a dirty uniform, and that’s who you want fighting for your kids’ future.” 
@potus Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves.  -H
RT @mayaharris_: Teen pregnancy rate at all-time low. Despite Republican opposition, access to contraception &amp; sex education works. https:/…
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes. 
Raise the minimum wage.
Ensure paid leave.
Protect union rights.

If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers. 
If standing up for women is playing the # 
The ?

Fighting for women's rights is a card we'd play any day.

¿Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagarían si fuera un hombre?

There's a lot more that unites us than divides us.

RT @jastengco: Touching @nytimes article on Muslim HS student winning prom queen after friends campaigned for her  https://t…
If you see a bully, stand up to him. 
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your : 
Estas son las promesas de Trump. Así podría ser su presidencia….

RT @CNN: Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump's foreign policy views "quite concerning"   …
Get your own *: 

*does not include a 21% discount on your purchases. 
RT @jmurray20: The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee did the right thing by not rolling back the post 9/11 GI Bill. 
An entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in. 
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on @Quora: 
RT @Quora: Presidential candidate @HillaryClinton: How can we stop the spread of the Zika virus?  …
RT @TheBriefing2016: We can't afford a Trump presidency. This video will show you why. 


If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.

Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a través de los años. 
Want one? Chip in now:   
If fighting for women is "playing the ," what card is Trump playing?

Hate isn't an American value. 
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. 
Couldn't agree more, @PattyMurray. It's time for Republicans to address this threat:  -H 
 to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter: 
.@jimmyfallon: Does Donald Trump intimidate you?

Hillary: No. 

Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood.

President Trump? Same.

Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the Army's first female infantry officer. Well done.  -H
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —@realDonaldTrump

RT @HFA: Let's go out and win this election. Join us:  
Turning away Muslims, pitting Americans against each other, inciting violence and chaos—these aren't our values.

The  has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating. 
Yikes. 
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump has said we "need unpredictability" with nuclear weapons. Hillary's response:   https://t…
So if fighting for women is playing the ,  
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood.
Women still face too many barriers—a president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back.
They might make flashy headlines, but Trump's comments aren't a joke. Hillary can handle these attacks. Millions of women shouldn't have to.
Last night, the "." This morning, Trump said he "hasn't recovered" from Hillary's "shouting." Really? 
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump has a lot of ideas about foreign policy. 

The problem is that they're bad. 

 htt…
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for. 
Civil rights and voting rights.
Workers’ rights and women’s rights.

Let's defend them all.

RT @mayaharris_: Mass incarceration's impact on women and their families doesn't get the attention it deserves. -Hillary  https:/…
Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave.
Or as Donald Trump says, playing the "woman's card."

RT @Ann_OLeary: Our fact-finding trip to Puerto Rico made it clear: We need emergency funding to fight Zika. Tell Congress to act: https://…
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." —Hillary last night in PA 
Caught your speech, @realDonaldTrump. About that "woman's card"

Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate.

Thank you, Connecticut. 
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back. 
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination: 
"Let’s go forward. Let’s win the nomination." —Hillary  
"Imagine a tomorrow  trumps hate.” —Hillary
“Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, we’re breaking down barriers.” —Hillary 
“If fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the ‘woman card,’ then deal me in.” —Hillary
Civil rights &amp; voting rights.
Worker’s rights &amp; women’s rights.
LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities.

Let's defend them all.
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street."
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." —Hillary
“Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, there’s much more that unites us than divides us.” —Hillary
"Our campaign is about restoring people’s confidence in our ability to solve problems together" —Hillary
Americans are hungry for solutions. They don’t just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them.
More than  million have donated.
Chip in now to join this team: 
"We’re going to come back to  the most votes and the most pledged delegates. We’ll unify our party to win this election.”
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia. 
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer, volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you. 
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H 
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours. 
We did it, Delaware! 
Thank you, Maryland. 
Three answers from last night’s @MSNBC town hall that you should see: 
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H 
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over:  
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racism—and it's not only wrong, it's holding us back.

RT @rosenbergerlm: These brutal murders are deplorable. Mannan's work on LGBT rights must carry on, and activists must be protected. https:…
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable.

Live in CT, DE, MD, PA, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society—at home and around the world.

It’s Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. If you’re with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today: 
Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.   
We've heard way too much hateful rhetoric in this campaign.

We need more love and kindness.

Voters in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
America's gun violence epidemic is out of control. No more excuses—we need to act to save lives.

"I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men." —Hillary 
"As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society." —Hillary to @Maddow 
Eight-year-old Noah became part of Hillary's Secret Service detail this weekend. Here's how.

RT @HFA: "When barriers for women fall, the world becomes a better place for everyone." —@lenadunham 
Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.   
"Voters can count on her to bring that same passion for getting the job done to the White House." 
“She's more accomplished than any other candidate.” —@PhillyDailyNews 
This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate, but what we really need is more love and kindness.

In 1990, explorer and marine biologist Sylvia Earle became the first woman appointed chief scientist at @NOAA. 
"Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic, well thought out proposals." —@BaltimoreSun:  
Editorial boards in Tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for Hillary Clinton. Here's why. 
Let's stand together to do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, for as long as we can.

"Everybody has a story. Everybody has a life worth dignity and protection."

La lucha por la cobertura médica a bajo costo lleva más de medio siglo y Hillary ha sido una líder por décadas. 
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote. 
RT @TUSK81: Great to see @HillaryClinton taking on this "Donald Trump is becoming more Presidential" absurdity. 
When someone shows you who they are, believe them. Trump has shown us who he is.

Women gathered in Seneca Falls 170 years ago to demand suffrage. @ChelseaClinton visited before voting for her mom. 
Uno no se intimida cuando se tienen que denunciar abusos a los derechos humanos.

RT @AmandaRenteria: Hillary Clinton se ha comprometido a atender la situación del virus del Zika, especialmente en Puerto Rico.
…
RT @Ann_OLeary: .@HillaryClinton's environmental justice fight will extend to Puerto Rico. Powerful tour of flooded @CanoMartinPena https:/…
Every child in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and a safe and healthy place to live. 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Puerto Rico Zika fact-finding mission for @HillaryClinton. WIC clinics educating &amp; providing kits for pregnant women https:…
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueños (del Zika), especialmente a las mujeres embarazadas. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump is going to try to take Mitt Romney's "etch-a-sketch" approach to the general election. Don't let him.
ht…
RT @AmandaRenteria: We learned a lot from Dr. Rullan: how Zika has affected other parts of the world &amp; what early data is showing now. http…
Does Trump think he can fool us into forgetting his hateful rhetoric? Sad! 
Zika has reached the  and we can't wait any longer to act. Tell Congress to address this public health crisis: 
We all know Donald Trump says offensive things about women. Here's what he says about policies that benefit women.

RT @ChelseaClinton: All children should live &amp; grow up in a healthy world. That’s why it's so important we . …
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros niños, tenemos que proteger el futuro de nuestro planeta.  
In ten years, we can generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America. 

RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump saying awful things about women isn't the most offensive thing about him.

His policies are.
…
RT @johnpodesta: We need a leader who will deliver on Paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, install enough renewable energy to power every h…
RT @johnpodesta: We celebrate  by signing a historic accord—one that will have unmatched impact on our environment &amp; society https…
Proud of my friend @GovernorVA for continuing to break down barriers to voting. -H 
The climate is changing.
Republican policies aren't.

RT if you agree we need to .

RT @TheBriefing2016: Under Donald Trump, the pay gap would remain yuge. 
We need to act on Zika—fast. Add your name and tell Congress: approve emergency funding now to keep families safe. 
"It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money." —Hillary on ensuring equal pay for women
Zika is a threat to public health &amp; we have to act now. Tell Congress to approve funding to address this crisis:  -H
Proud the  is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H
To make a better future for our kids, we've got to protect the future of our planet. Happy Earth Day. 
Conoce la historia de un gimnasio en Nueva York ayudando a concienciar sobre la encarcelación masiva. 
"To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders, I believe there's much more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary 
It isn't enough to just say we support equal pay for women. We have to do everything we can to make it a reality.

RT @wdasfm: .@HillaryClinton Reflects On @prince's Passing w/ @MsPattyJackson    …
"Once you've paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately." —Hillary on @GMA

A few bad actors supply the vast majority of guns used in crimes. We need to stop them.  
Gun violence is an epidemic. We cannot become indifferent to these losses. 
"We have got to address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color." —Hillary on @GMA

If anything else killed 33,000 people per year, Congress would take action. It's time to . 
In which Hillary reacts to @NBCSNL Hillary skits on @GMA.

RT @LSherABC: Hillary Clinton Talks Female Equality in 1988 @GMA Appearance    …
Thank you, New York. Let's go win this nomination.

"Victory" never tasted so good. Thanks, @MikeyLikesItNY.

It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint, but Congress needs to act now to help Flint families. -H
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. Anthony, who fought to win women the right to vote: "I voted" stickers. 
"No more families should have to go through what we have." —@EricaSmegs, daughter of Sandy Hook School principal

A woman, a leader, and a freedom fighter. I can't think of a better choice for the $20 bill than Harriet Tubman:  -H
Hillary Clinton luchará para los inmigrantes para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
RT @nytimes: A homecoming, and a triumph, for Hillary Clinton in New York  
"Erica has turned her sorrow into a strategy and her mourning into a movement." —Hillary in New York last night

"Because of you, this campaign is the only one—Democrat or Republican—to win 10 million votes.” 
"New York is a place for dreaming big. But New Yorkers also like to get things done." —Hillary 
¡Esta victoria es de todos ustedes Nueva York! Muchas gracias por su apoyo. Unete a la campaña aquí → 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're with her tonight. 
“The motto of this state is ‘Excelsior’–ever upward. So let’s go out and win this election and all rise together.” 
New Yorkers speak every language, worship every faith, and hail from every continent. 

Our diversity is a strength, not a weakness.
Donald Trump &amp; Ted Cruz are pushing a vision for America that's divisive &amp; dangerous.

We should be lifting people up—not tearing them down.
RT @HFA: It’s about lifting each other up, not tearing each other down. 
New York is a place to dream big—and we’re setting bold, progressive goals in this campaign. But New Yorkers also like to get things done.
“The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and our goal is in sight.” 
We did it, New York! Watch Hillary live: 
Start spreading the news. 
Tonight's victory belongs to everyone who worked hard to get out the vote. Sign up now to keep the momentum going. 
To our volunteers, organizers, and supporters who worked your hearts out in New York: This is your win. Thank you. 
Let's win this nomination. Chip in $3 to let Hillary know you've got her back all the way to the White House: 
Right back at you, New York. 
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: What's @HillaryClinton up to while New Yorkers vote? Check out @HFA's liveblog to find out.  ht…
A couple of New Yorkers heading to the polls. 

Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place, then head over:  
¿Cómo funciona el sistema de delegados? Nuestro experto en delegados nos explica en esta entrevista. 
Just a few hours until polls close in New York. Get the latest from  on our live blog → 
If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect, there's nothing we can't do.

Our country can't reach its potential unless we all do.

It's  in New York. Get all you need to know on our live blog:  
Go vote, New York. It'll only take you one try.   
First stop on New York primary day.   
We asked New Yorkers what they really think of Donald Trump.

They didn’t hold back.  
New Yorkers head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
¡Alza tu voz! Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →   
Go vote today, New York—Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
Every Republican presidential candidate would reverse @POTUS’s executive actions on immigration.  
We don't all look the same, or sound the same, or worship the same—and that's one of America's biggest strengths.

RT @NickMerrill: Stopped by an old @HillaryClinton favorite, @MikeyLikesItNY in the . Read this:  https:…
Push forward into the unknown, @StephenAtHome. Watch Hillary on @colbertlateshow at 11:30pm ET. 

RT @albamonica: 7th stop of the day: HRC continues call for an end to the tipped wage at Colors restaurant in Noho 
.@NYTimes on Hillary: "One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history." 
RT @lorellapraeli: “Hora de encaminar la ciudadanía plena e igualitaria y arreglar por fin nuestro quebrado sistema migratorio …
"She promised me to block the Constitutional amendment against gay marriage. And she did."  
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system.  -H
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H
Millions of families who call America home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today, SCOTUS begins deciding their fate. -H
To everyone in Houston, please stay safe and avoid traveling. Our prayers are with you.  -H
Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →    
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. 

.@TomColicchio, thanks for your work on this issue. Your zip code shouldn't determine your ability to access healthy, affordable food.
RT @HillaryForNY: New Yorkers know this better than anyone: Hillary has what it takes to be president. Text RECORD to 47246 to learn why.
"Anything is possible. Do not let where you come from dictate your life."
How one New York school is changing lives: 
RT @ABCPolitics: WATCH: New York state senator twirls @HillaryClinton during Washington Heights block party: 
If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate, there's nothing we can't do.

RT @hartfordcourant: Hartford Courant endorses Hillary Clinton in Connecticut Democratic presidential primary.  http…
RT @HFA: Make sure your friends in New York vote for Hillary on Tuesday. Send them a message with our friend finder: …
Nuestros corazones están con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer.
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H
A great day in East Harlem, in photos.  
RT @HFA: Meet three of the kids covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program, all grown up:  …
RT @HillaryforPA: Your Sunday afternoon read: "In a word, Clinton" —@PhillyInquirer endorses @HillaryClinton:  …
“Muchos neoyorquinos luchan por pagar la renta  y las familias latinas y afroamericanas son las más afectadas”. 
RT @HFA: “I love you, New York! Go vote!” —@Carole_King

A new friend in Brooklyn.

"If a young man believes that he might be a senator or  don't have to tell them not to join a gang." 
About 90 people are killed by guns every day in America. We can't accept that as normal.  
Behind the scenes on the campaign with YouTube star @raymondbraun.

Latino households are more than twice as likely as white households to face severe housing cost burdens. 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Hillary: She can envision a better world and take the steps to make that vision a reality. 
It's time for us to say, "enough is enough." We have to protect families, not the gun lobby.

Thinking of Boston as we remember the bombing 3 years ago. Your strength and resilience will always defeat acts of terror.  -H
.@IAVA is right, Congress shouldn't cut GI Bill benefits. America should fulfill our commitment to our veterans.  -H
You can knock us down, but you can't keep us down.
We're always getting up. We're always moving forward.

RT @Ann_OLeary: Californians can save on taxes with the , building on the federal EITC that has helped millions of families: https:…
A quarter of renters in the  spend more than half their income on rent. We need to make housing more affordable. 
In 1992, 75% of New York's prison population came from seven neighborhoods in NYC. @EAFNYC is changing that.

If you thought last night's debate was 

This couple lost their daughter in the Aurora shooting. Now, they have to pay the gun dealer's legal fees.

We need a president who will take action on gun violence and stand with victims' families against the gun lobby.

A typical woman working full-time is paid just 79% of what a man makes, but there's no discount for being a woman.

RT @mayaharris_: Wage gap for NYC  is larger than the rest of the country. Time for .  https:/…
"We have a presidential candidate by the name of Donald Trump saying that women should be punished." 
RT @StephenAtHome: Monday's guest @HillaryClinton has a lot of big ideas, and also several smaller ones. 

Sen. Sanders couldn't name a time donations influenced Hillary—because there are none.  (via @nowthisnews) 
RT @albamonica: HRC joins a game of dominoes at a senior center in East Harlem 
RT @dominiclowell: So proud of the many students taking part in the @GLSEN  today and fighting to end anti-LGBT bullying and h…
A record of results, from taking on the gun lobby to securing health care for millions of kids.  
Women's rights aren't a "distraction." They're at the heart of who we are—and we need to defend them. 
RT @billclinton: New Yorkers know the @HillaryClinton I've known for 45 years—always asking “What can I do to make it better?” 
One candidate delivers catchy lines—the other delivers results. Add your name to say you're with Hillary:  
If we work together, we can change history. Chip in today and get your sticker:  
RT if you're standing with Hillary tonight.  
"Together, we won't just make promises we can't keep—we'll deliver results that will improve the lives of the people of America." —Hillary
Southern Democratic voters matter just as much as every other Democratic voter. 
Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. That's not a distraction—it's a disgrace.

"We're never asked about [abortion]—this goes to who we are as women: our rights, autonomy, our ability to make our own decisions." —Hillary
Republican governors would have to fund one third of @BernieSanders’ college plan. Not likely.  
No American should have to take out a loan to pay tuition at a public college. We should also help people with existing student debt.
At the , we agree we need universal health care. That’s why Hillary’s been fighting for it for 20+ years. 
We can’t afford a President Trump, Cruz, or Kasich. We need a leader on women's rights. 
With women's health under attack across the country, how is it possible that there hasn't been a single  question on it?
RT @NewRepublic: Clinton to Sanders on Israel/Palestine: "Describing the problem is a lot easier than trying to solve it."  https…
RT @RollingStone: "Hillary Clinton is one of the most qualified candidates for the presidency in modern times.” Read our endorsement https:…
El planeta no puede esperar por una revolución política. Necesitamos soluciones prácticas para combatir el cambio climático. 
Four years as secretary of state—she's got a bit of experience on foreign policy.  
The planet can't wait for a political revolution. We need real solutions to fight climate change now.  
"It's easy to diagnose the problem. It's harder to do something about the problem." —Hillary on combating climate change 
We need a president who will always put families above the gun lobby. 

Todos los niños merecen una educación de alta calidad no importa su origen étnico, los ingresos de su familia o donde vivan. 
You voted for the bill.   
Every child, no matter his or her race, income, or ZIP code, should be guaranteed a high-quality education. 
We have to tackle systemic racism and fix our broken criminal justice system.  
RT @voxdotcom: Full text: Hillary Clinton's speech on criminal justice reform  
RT @MotherJones: The biggest effort in years to stem the flow of guns onto the black market ended with the bill Sanders helped pass https:/…
There's only one candidate on stage who thinks gun makers should be held accountable for gun deaths.  
How is it possible that it's easier to sue a toy maker for endangering your child than a gun maker? 
33,000 people die every year in this country from guns. 90 each day. 1,000 shot a year in New York City. That's not acceptable. Full stop.
RT @TheBriefing2016: We're still waiting on that answer, @BernieSanders. 


Also saved by that vote: millions of jobs, the economy, and the auto industry.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Two answers on Wall Street.  
Democrats agree we need to hold big banks accountable—but Hillary's the only candidate who never voted to reduce oversight on Wall Street.
It's easy to say you'll fix Wall Street—it's harder to actually do it. Hillary has a plan to get it done.  
Sen. Sanders talks a lot about stopping special interests for someone who's voted with the NRA over and over again. 
"Sen. Sanders did call me unqualified. I've been called a lot of things in my life—that was a first." —Hillary 
RT if you're cheering on Hillary tonight.  
Before Hillary takes the  stage, check out her record of results: 
 to Hillary in a 2000 debate. Tune in for tonight's  at 9:00  ET.

¡El  es hoy! Envía LATINOS al 47246 para que Hillary sepa que estás con ella.
"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."   
RT @HillaryForNY: A beautiful sea of blue!  
You don't make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great.

Watch CNN at 9pm ET. 

La situación del virus del Zika es urgente. Tenemos que invertir ahora para desarrollar una vacuna y tratamiento. 
Donald Trump's made the most reckless statements on national security by any major candidate in modern history: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Here's a hint at why the @nydailynews may have endorsed Hillary.  
“Ella puede unir a personas de cada comunidad y pienso que continuará haciendo eso”. 
This is urgent. We need to invest in a vaccine and treatment now. My heart goes out to parents impacted by Zika.  -H
Donald Trump says wages are too high. Really? Hardworking Americans don't think so.  
Environmental justice isn't just a public health issue—it's a civil rights issue. 
Southerners’ votes count as much as everyone else’s—whether you won them or not. 
"Hillary Clinton luchará por nosotros". —Tom Perez

Durante décadas de servicio al país Hillary logró resultados, especialmente para las familias. Conoce 7 de ellos. 
“Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@gabbygiffords

Clean air shouldn't be a luxury in America.  
RT @mikereedschmidt: .@HillaryClinton on @SenWarren's smart tax proposal: "It will save Americans time and money"  h…
American women are 11 times more likely to be murdered by a gun than in any other developed nation:  
"Every child and every family in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink and a safe and healthy place to live." —Hillary
Hillary's environmental justice plan would eliminate lead as a major public health threat within 5 years: 
“What happened in Flint would never have happened in a wealthy, white suburb of Detroit.” —Hillary
We need to break down every barrier holding families back—and that includes environmental barriers. 
Tune in to watch Hillary speak at @NationalAction on her plan to fight for environmental justice: 
Even in states with strict gun laws, illegal weapons are often just a bus ride away. We have to fix this: 
“New York  in Clinton a superprepared warrior realist.” —@NYDailyNews endorsing Hillary: 
RT @mikereedschmidt: How would you go about breaking up a bank under current law? Just ask @HillaryClinton.   h…
 means it's taken this long into 2016 for women, on average, to catch up to what men made in 2015. 
There’s no discount for being a woman—yet women are still paid less. 

Myths on the wage gap, debunked:  
RT @HFA: "I want my son’s life to be better than the life I ’s why I stand with Hillary Clinton."

It's not like women get charged less than men for groceries.

We need to ensure equal pay.

RT @mayaharris_: New report from NYC Public Advocate @TishJames: NYC women earn about $ billion less than men each yr …
We've made progress on equal pay—but our work isn't done. Our next president needs to keep leading the fight for it. 
RT @HFA: Since Riley helped launch Hillary's campaign, she’s moved to a new neighborhood—and turned a "whole hand" old.
…
Reminder for Republican legislators in PA: Every woman should be free to make her own health care decisions. 
RT @NYDailyNews: Tomorrow's front page
@nydailynews Editorial Board endorses @HillaryClinton for  primary  https…
RT @micnews: Paying men and women equally would add $ trillion to the  economy  
RT @zatchry: Side-by-side: Clinton vs. Bernie talking about the MetLife "Too-Big-to-Fail" case. @NYDailyNews 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Paid leave is critical to closing gender wage gap. Thanks @JerryBrownGov &amp; @JimmyGomezCA for paving the way in CA! https://…
Women lose out on every paycheck—and women of color feel it the most. It’s time to close the pay gap.  
RT @HFA: "We’ve come a long way. We still have a long way to go, but we’re getting there. And we’ll get there with Hillary."
…
The average woman makes just $ for every $1 a man earns.

RT if you agree we have to fix that.  
From one Iowa road trip to a campaign that's millions strong: here's what we’ve built together in the past year. 
Women earn just $ for every $1 men do. It's worse for women of color. Let's close that gap.  -H

One year ago today.

“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?” 

We can't afford a President Trump, Cruz, or Kasich. 

If you agree, get your sticker →  
RT @Glassdoor: Join the conversation. Glassdoor Roundtable on Pay Equality w/ @HillaryClinton   https:/…
A majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.

RT if you're one of them.

We can't accept this as "normal." It's time to help stop gun violence:  
RT @ChelseaClinton: We can't mistake progress for success. We’re with Flint as long as it takes to address the city’s water crisis https://…
If toy companies are held accountable for endangering our kids, gun makers should be too. Let's end their immunity. 
We can protect our Second Amendment rights AND take commonsense steps to prevent gun violence. It’s just a question of whether we choose to.
33,000 Americans die from gun violence each year. No other developed country comes close.  
Our next president should always prioritize families' safety over the NRA. 
We need a leader who will bring us together—not drive us apart. 
Hard choices. 
Donald Trump says we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other. He's dead wrong.

Hillary talked with @GlennThrush about being a wonk, standing up to bullies, and some great advice for flying. 
Scary.  
"I told my oncologist that I have to be there in November to cast my ballot."

Happy birthday to a personal hero, @DoloresHuerta.

Thank you for your support, @RepCummings. 
Every American deserves to live free from discrimination—no matter who they are or who they love.

RT @BilldeBlasio: She's always been a show stopper. Thanks to @HillaryClinton for taking  to the next level.  https:/…
"No one is better prepared to help our working families." —@Chirlane, first lady of New York City 
Donald Trump says wages are too high. (Yeah, you read that right.)

It's not just Trump: Every Republican presidential candidate has attacked women's health and rights. 
Wouldn't be a Brooklyn campaign stop without a visit to @JuniorsCheeseck. 
If you read one thing today, make it this.  by @EricaSmegs 
We’ve earned more votes than any other candidate—Republican or Democrat.  
Some say we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other. 

We know better.

"I will stand my ground against any efforts to undermine our country or set us back." —Hillary 
✓ Stood up for 9/11 first responders
✓ Protected families' health
✓ Fought for kids' education 
And more: 
"Right to Work" is wrong for America. Great news in WI—we should stand with workers in the fight for their rights. 
Solo una candidata tiene más votos que Donald Trump.  
We can't sit back while politicians make it virtually impossible for women to access the health care they need. 
“I’ve been called a lot of things over the years, but ‘unqualified’ has not been one of them.” —Hillary
How much more money would you have if you didn’t have student loan debt?  
RT @mayoredlee: We as Mayors must call out discrimination when we see it,  individually &amp; collectively. 
https:…
.@Carole_King stopped by the office. We interviewed her:  
RT @Glassdoor: Excited to host the Glassdoor Roundtable on Pay Equality with @HillaryClinton   https://…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders says Hillary Clinton called him "unqualified."

Nope.

Fighting for women and girls for 40 years and counting.

Agree? Get your free sticker: 
RT @NickMerrill: Seems like a good time to re-up this.  
"Gay rights are human rights."

Watch how Hillary helped advance gay rights around the world as secretary of state.

Still wondering if Hillary's qualified to be president? Good thing there's this handy quiz to give us the answer! 
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –@POTUS

"Clinton is one of the brightest people in Congress &amp; she would be an excellent choice” —Sen. Sanders on Hillary as Sec. of State, Nov. 2008
"Knowledgeable"
"Prepared"
"Qualified"

What newspapers around the country are saying about Hillary. 
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history I've ever seen." —@BillClinton

Hillary worked to expand health care for millions of children: 
Thanks, Pittsburgh. It was an unqualified delight.  
"Voters have the chance to choose one of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates " 
There's only one candidate in this race with more votes than Donald Trump.  
We need a president who can bring people together.

Hate and bigotry have no place in America.

Only one Democratic candidate has voted for the NRA's "most important piece of legislation in 20 years."

You. 
Women should be paid equally to men. Period. Thanks for leading the fight on paycheck fairness, @SenatorBarb. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders forgot one big detail about his plan to break up the banks.

.@BernieSanders prioritized gun manufacturers' rights over the parents of the children killed at Sandy Hook.

@EricaSmegs remember, any hateful comments are just noise compared to your voice for change. With you in the fight to stop gun violence. -H
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Democrats cannot nominate a candidate who believes that toy gun makers should be held to a higher legal standard than re…
Refusing to serve LGBT people because of who they are is discrimination. End of story.
 
We need a president who doesn’t just rail against trade. We need a president who knows how to compete against the rest of the world and win.
RT @PaAFL_CIO: "Hard working Americans deserve a president with a real plan to create jobs." @HillaryClinton  https://t.…
My message to every American worker is this: I will stand with you, I will have your back. 
“It’s time for more businesses to start treating workers as assets to be invested in, not costs to be cut.” -Hillary
We need to drive a manufacturing renaissance in this country. Here’s how we’ll do that: 
"'Right to Work' is wrong for workers and wrong for America.” -Hillary on her opposition to restricting workers' rights
Unions helped build the greatest middle class in history. They continue to do that today by leading the fight to .
“If you do your part, you and your family should be able to get ahead and stay ahead.” -Hillary to the @AFLCIO
Watch live: Hillary speaks to the @AFLCIO in Philadelphia on how we can help more American workers succeed: 
Instead of absurd and offensive proposals to build a wall, let's fight for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Glad to hear Pfizer is calling off the merger. We need to close the loopholes that let corporations escape paying their taxes. -H
It is legal to pay workers with disabilities less than the minimum wage.

Let's end that:  
RT @TheBriefing2016: If by "ambition," he means "the large majority of Democratic " 


El "plan" de Trump para que México pague por el muro es ridículo, ofensivo y castigaría a familias. No es correcto. 
If you’re with Hillary, now’s the time to say so. Chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination. 
Congrats to @BernieSanders on winning Wisconsin. To all the voters and volunteers who poured your hearts into this campaign: Forward! -H
Trump's "plan" to make Mexico pay for a wall is ridiculous, offensive, and would punish kids &amp; families. It's wrong. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary
✔️ has supported a $15 min wage in NY/CA 
✔️ has fought for a federal raise for years h…
We're going to make paid family leave the law of the land. Glad to see New York and San Francisco leading the way. 
Hillary in 1995: Raising the minimum wage is the right thing to do.
Hillary in 2016: Still true.

This is it, Wisconsin—just a few more hours to vote for Hillary. Confirm your polling place here:  and head over now!
Women deserve a president who'll stand up for our rights—and against Republican attempts to restrict health access and criminalize doctors.
Proud NY is leading on paid leave—but your ability to make ends meet shouldn't depend on what state you live in. 
It’s 2016. The days of dismissing the pay gap as a "women's issue" are over. 
When you shortchange women, you shortchange all of us. We need to close the pay gap once and for all. 
Minimum wage earners are disproportionately women of color. Raising it would help millions of families. 
It's time to tear down the barriers that are holding too many women back. Watch Hillary's town hall in Brooklyn: 
Make sure your friends in Wisconsin vote for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
RT @TheView: "It is like falling in love all over again," @HillaryClinton says of being a grandma.   …
We need to make college more affordable. Relying on Republican governors like @GovWalker isn't the way to do it.

RT @mayaharris_: It's not just Trump attacking women's health: Republicans in PA are trying to criminalize abortion. Shameful. …
RT @mpshapiro: The @USTreasury just took a strong step to crack down on corporate inversions. It follows Hillary's tough plan: …
Wisconsin: Go vote today! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
We should all be able to get time off to care for a newborn baby or sick spouse. It's time to guarantee paid leave.

“I miss my son more than I can  will never stop fighting for justice. Neither will Hillary Clinton.” 
It’s Primary Day, Wisconsin! Retweet if you’re heading to the polls and voting for Hillary. 
How can you stop @GovWalker and the GOP's attacks on education and women's rights?

Vote:  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary has earned the most votes ✓
When more people vote, Hillary wins ✓

Get the facts on where this race stands: ht…
Born on this day in 1928, Maya Angelou’s voice holds a powerful place in the ongoing fight for justice. 
48 years ago, we lost a giant in the fight for equality. Let’s honor Dr. King and keep bending the arc of the moral universe toward justice.
Raising the minimum wage will help millions of families around the country—especially women:  
Hillary Clinton cree que la educación es la clave para salir adelante. Lee el artículo. 
RT @repjohnlewis: 48 yrs ago today, my friend, my brother, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed in Memphis, TN. The light of his…
Hardworking Americans deserve a raise. It’s time to increase the minimum wage:  
Donald Trump says that wages are too high, but we know better. Americans deserve a raise. 
If we care about working families, we should make it easier to work and have a family. 
In our democracy, every one of our voices should count. Glad the Supreme Court affirmed this fundamental right. 
New York is about to  and expand paid leave.

Watch Hillary and @NYGovCuomo speak at the bill signing. 
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college. Here's how we can achieve that: 
Hillary’s plan to make college more affordable won't depend on billions upfront from GOP governors like Scott Walker

You should never have to choose between your paycheck and taking care of your family.  
We need to make it easier to balance work and family. 
A retired auto worker on why she’s for Hillary: “I like her strength even though she went through some challenges.” 
Nueva York le dio una oportunidad a Hillary de ser su senadora. Ella luchó por ellos y estos fueron los resultados. 
Pre-game pep talk in Syracuse.

RT @HillaryForNY: "Hillary has always delivered for New York. Both as first lady and as senator.” —@NYAmNews 
We can't let Republican governors get in the way of affordable college. Read Hillary's plan: 

Watch @HamiltonMusical's @reneeelisegolds welcome Hillary to Harlem with the national anthem. Work.

RT @TheBriefing2016: If you live in Wisconsin,  Bernie Sanders' "free college" plan probably wouldn't apply to you. Here's why.
…
"Es una amiga nuestra de mucho antes y de siempre". —Congresista Luis Gutiérrez sobre Hillary Clinton

.@BusinessInsider: “Do you trust Donald Trump with our military?”

Hillary: “Of course not.” 

“You’ve always had my back, and I’ve always tried to have yours.”  
Picked up this necklace at a great women-owned shop in Madison, WI. Looks like they've got fans in New York, too. -H 
From Super Tuesday to "Live at the Apollo." March, in photos.  
Trump's attacks on women's health are just as bad as the rest of the GOP candidates'.  
Candidates who support the assault on women's rights have no business being president. 
 million new jobs—and 11 other numbers that show how far we’ve come under @POTUS:  
RT @mpshapiro: See @HillaryClinton's Make It In America plan to create good manufacturing jobs nationwide—just like she did in NY: https://…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Women's constitutional rights are under assault from every Republican candidate in this race. Watch:
…
RT @businessinsider: Clinton on Trump's abortion comments: Republicans are embarrassed he said what they believe  ht…
Every Republican candidate wants to ban abortion, and their frontrunner said he'd punish women seeking it. 
Now that's what we call . Thanks, @NYGovCuomo. -H 
Some are claiming we can solve America’s problems by building walls and turning against each other.

We know better.

We can’t afford to let this agenda into the White House. (via @PPact) 
RT @NYAmNews: The Amsterdam News endorses @HillaryClinton for president 
Our diversity and willingness to change have been making America great for decades. 

Let’s keep fighting for the safety, respect, and full equality for all trans people.  
Still nothing from Congress to help the people of Puerto Rico. Time for action on the debt crisis that preserves PR's self-government.
Chip in $1 and get this sticker if you agree: We can’t afford a President Trump. 
En el día de  honramos un luchador del movimiento laboral quien empoderó a trabajadores por todo el país.
On , we honor a champion of the American labor movement who empowered workers everywhere. 
RT @CarliLloyd: Historic moment. Proud of the strength of this team.   
Wouldn’t want to face these women on the field or in the courtroom. Every woman deserves equal pay. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Women's health is a serious issue. 

Our next president should see it that way.

.@realDonaldTrump said women should be punished for having an abortion.

We can't let him be president.

RT @TUSK81: .@HillaryClinton's Snapchat game is 👌🏽 
Yet another idea from @realDonaldTrump that's ignorant, reckless, and frankly absurd. Sad! 
At this point, Donald Trump has insulted the vast majority of Americans. The good news is, there's something we can all do about it: Vote.
Every woman—regardless of income or zip code—deserves access to health care. If you don't get that, you have no business being president.
Women, especially low-income women and women of color, are already being punished by GOP-led efforts to stigmatize and restrict health care.
Remember: If you make abortion a crime, you make women who seek abortions criminals. You put one in three women at risk.
The fact is, Trump isn't that different from every other Republican candidate who would also outlaw abortion.
Even by his impossibly low standards, @realDonaldTrump's suggestion that women be punished for seeking abortion is abhorrent.
Maya Angelou said: "When people show you who they are, believe them." Trump can try to walk back his words, but we heard him loud and clear.
We can’t let someone with this much contempt for women’s rights anywhere near the White House.

Just when you thought it couldn't get worse. Horrific and telling. -H  
Let’s have each other’s backs, lift each other up, and break down all the barriers holding us back.

When a candidate for president says we can solve America’s problems by building walls and discriminating, New Yorkers know better.
New York is home to 20 million people. We don’t all look the same. We don’t all sound the same or worship the same, but we pull together.
Our next president has to be just as passionate about defending our people and our country as about fixing our economy.
"We need a president who will help break down all the barriers holding Americans back, not just some." -Hillary
"This is NY. Nobody dreams bigger than we do. But this is a city that likes to get things done. That’s what we want from our president too."
Some folks may have the luxury to hold out for “the perfect.” But a lot of Americans are hurting right now and they can’t wait for that.
"Isn’t it time to finally guarantee equal pay for the work women do?” -Hillary 
"New Yorkers have always believed that if you work hard and you do your part, you should be able to get ahead and stay ahead." -Hillary
RT @HillaryForNY: "New Yorkers took a chance on me and I will never forget that. You’ve always had my back, and I’ve always tried to have y…
So far we’ve received nearly 9 million votes—more than a million more than Donald Trump and  million more than Senator Sanders.
Any candidate seriously competing to be president should seriously campaign everywhere. That’s what we’ve done.
Live at the @ApolloTheater! Hillary's speaking now about the values that make New York—and America—great: 
Enough is enough. It's time to take a stand against Republican leaders' obstruction and recklessness. 
The choice: Hillary is standing up to the NRA. Senator Sanders voted with them.  
When in Wisconsin. 
Senate Republicans are ignoring the voices of 65 million Americans who voted to re-elect Barack Obama.    
(The "F" doesn't stand for "friends") 
"Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and  he is pitting Americans against each other."

 decision rightfully leaves in place protections for workers and unions—and is a reminder that our values are at stake on SCOTUS.
“I refuse to sit on the sidelines while more children die.” 
RT @rosenbergerlm: Congrats to these amazing . You inspire us with your daily work for tolerance, peace and justice. https:/…
"Every day, another Republican bemoans the rise of Donald  but [he] didn’t come out of nowhere." —Hillary

We can’t let Donald Trump anywhere near the Supreme Court. 
65 million Americans voted to re-elect @POTUS. He’s nominated a SCOTUS Justice as the Constitution requires. @ChuckGrassley: .
Tenemos que resolver la crísis económica de Puerto Rico ahora. Gracias por levantar tu voz @Lin_Manuel. 
Voters elected @POTUS—twice. He did his job and gave us a @SCOTUSnom. Time for Senate Republicans to do theirs.

Raising CA's minimum wage to $15 is a big win for workers and  organizers. I applaud CA and other states' work to raise wages. -H
RT @TheBriefing2016: Just another reason why this election  
Add your name to tell Senate Republicans:  and hold a hearing on @POTUS's Supreme Court nominee. 
Last June,  ruled that marriage equality was the law of the land. 
In 1982,  ruled that undocumented children had the right to go to school. 
In 1977,  paved the way for public sector unions. 
In 1973,  ruled that women have the right to make intimate health decisions for ourselves. 
In 1954,  held that separate is not equal in our schools. 
At our best, America has united behind the ideal that everyone deserves a fair shot. At its best, the Supreme Court has defended that ideal.
Donald Trump didn’t come out of nowhere—what Republicans have sown with their extremist tactics, they're now reaping with Trump's candidacy.
"Ask yourselves: what kind of justice would a President Trump appoint? Or for that matter, what kind of Attorney General?" —Hillary
“I will appoint  will protect a woman’s right to choose, rather than billionaires’ right to buy elections." —Hillary
"If SCOTUS doesn’t overturn Citizens United, I’ll fight for a Constitutional amendment to limit influence of money in elections." —Hillary
The idea that money is speech turns our Constitution upside down. Wealth shouldn’t be privileged in the courts—it should have no privilege.
In a single term,  could demolish virtually every pillar of progressivism. This is a make-or-break moment. 
"Today, I’m adding my voice to the chorus asking Senator Grassley to step up and do his job. He should hold a hearing." —Hillary 
"We chose a president—twice. Now Republicans are acting like those votes didn’t count, and @POTUS isn’t still our nation’s leader." —Hillary
"As one of the more than 65 million Americans who voted to re-elect Barack Obama, I’d say my voice is being ignored." —Hillary
Senator @ChuckGrassley says we should wait for a new president to pick a Justice because “the American people shouldn’t be denied a voice.”
The ideological bent of the Supreme Court has led our country in the wrong direction—stacking the deck in favor of the wealthy and powerful.
Watch live as Hillary speaks on the future of the Supreme Court in Madison, WI: 
Every American deserves a fair shot at success. Time to resolve the Puerto Rican debt crisis. Thanks, @Lin_Manuel. 
Updates from HQ, the campaign trail, and Hillary—straight to your phone. 
The next president could have the power to change the course of our judicial system for generations to come. 
“It's time we stand up to the gun lobby and stand with parents who have lost their children to gun violence.” 
My prayers are with the victims of the horrific Easter Day attack in Lahore. Pakistan and all nations must confront &amp; defeat terrorists. -H
We can open the door to every person in this country again.

Hillary received two memorable gifts during a meeting with Puyallup tribal leaders. 
RT @mayaharris_: Voter discrimination undermines our democracy. Watch these stories from  voters. It’s time to . https://…
Here’s what you should know about the crisis in child care costs—and the one candidate who’s got a plan to fix it. 
"All of us have a responsibility to ourselves, to our children, to each other."

To those celebrating, I wish you a season full of love, hope, and renewal. Happy Easter! -H
We can win this nomination, but Hillary needs everyone on this team to do it. Chip in to say you’ve got her back: 
What happened in North Carolina is the latest reminder that the fight for LGBT equality is far from over. 
"Tenemos que actuar en contra del virus Zika ahora." —Hillary 
We need a president who will make comprehensive immigration reform a top priority and keep families together. 
When Republican candidates demonize Muslim Americans, it’s wrong, counterproductive, and dangerous. 
RT @mintimm: Politicians should not interfere with women's health care—in Indiana, Florida, or anywhere else.
Make sure your friends in AK, HI, and WA caucus for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
It’s Caucus Day, Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington! Retweet if you're with her. 
We face serious challenges around the world. We need serious leadership. 
The top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all of the kindergarten teachers in America combined. That’s not acceptable.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Republicans have made it clear: their response to terror would be reckless, dangerous, and wrong.
…
“Clinton not only has the experience and achievements…but a commitment to social justice.” —@RollingStone 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Kudos to State AGs for fighting to relieve defrauded Corinthian students &amp; standing up against predatory for-profits https:…
When it comes to terrorism, we know what doesn’t work (bluster and bigotry) and what does (steady leadership). 
.@JimmyKimmelLive: "I'm going to help you win this election no problem. Are you familiar with mansplaining?"

"The clear and urgent choice is Hillary Clinton." —@RollingStone 
There's one candidate who's ready to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One. 
RT @rosenbergerlm: Vets and pros agree: Torture isn't who we are, doesn't work, makes our troops &amp; nation less secure.  htt…
We need a president who will provide leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
Black students are 16% of student populations but are subjected to school-related arrests 31% of the time. 
Heartbroken &amp; angry at this Flint report. Unconscionable failure of leadership. Snyder should be held to account.  -H
LGBT people should be protected from discrimination under the law—period.  -H
“Four boys shot my son dead on Christmas Eve." A moment backstage with a mom who lost her son to gun violence.

Army Captain Humayun Khan, a Muslim American serving in Iraq, was 27 when he saved the lives of his entire unit.

TB still ravages communities around the world—and here. Let's invest in treatment and prevention of this disease.  -H
A small change made by Hillary during her tenure as secretary of state had a big impact for transgender Americans. 
Fighting for quality, affordable child care is not new for Hillary. Check out this clip from 1995.

Our delegate lead is strong, but Hillary’s counting on you to win this nomination. Join the live training → 
This isn't who we are, and it also isn't how we keep America safe. 
We face serious challenges in the world—but we won't turn on each other, our allies, or our principles. 
Six years in, the ACA has brought us closer than ever to making sure every American has access to health care. 
When she needed emergency surgery, Obamacare saved her life. Let’s build on six years of progress—not start over.

In our fight against radical jihadism, we have to do what actually works. What doesn't work: Islamophobic rhetoric.

America needs strong, smart, steady leadership. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear. 
Women deserve birth control coverage no matter where they work. Bosses shouldn't get to interfere. 
RT @mpshapiro: ACA at 6 yrs: 20M insured, no more coverage denials, costs down. 72 months of job growth. A lasting achievement:  https://t.…
"Would you mind if I tell your story?" How the Affordable Care Act made a difference for Joanne's family.

We face serious challenges in the world—but Americans will not turn on each other, turn on our allies, or turn away from our principles.
"If I’m president, the United States will not condone or practice torture anywhere in the world." —Hillary in CA
When Republican candidates like Ted Cruz call for treating American Muslims like criminals, it’s not just wrong—it’s counter-productive.
In our fight against radical jihadism, we have to do what actually works. What doesn't work: offensive rhetoric that demonizes all Muslims.
America should not be shutting our doors to orphans or applying religious tests for people fleeing persecution. That’s not who we are.
"If Mr. Trump gets his way, it'll be like Christmas in the Kremlin. It will make America less safe and the world more dangerous." —Hillary
Slogans aren’t a strategy. Loose cannons tend to misfire. What America needs is strong, smart, steady leadership.
"We can’t let fear stop us from doing what’s necessary to keep us safe—nor let it push us into reckless actions that make us less safe."
Hillary has a three-part plan to defeat ISIS in the Middle East, around the world, and here at home. 
"We need to rely on what actually works, not bluster that alienates our partners and doesn’t make us any safer." —Hillary in CA
Watch live: Hillary speaks about how we will defeat terrorism, stand up to hate, and keep America safe → 
We live in a complex and dangerous world. We need leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady.

RT @HonTonyCoelho: On today's  anniversary, read my @Medium post about why it's a "A Landmark Law for People with Disabilities" https:/…
We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry. 
This isn't just a contest between candidates—it's between fundamentally different views of our values.

The ACA is on the line in this election. We won’t let it be repealed or start from scratch. We’ll expand until we hit universal coverage. -H
Thanks to @POTUS, millions of Americans have the health care they need—and thanks to Democrats, this law is still standing. -H
Six years ago, the ACA became law—one of the greatest progressive accomplishments of this century. Now, more than 20 million are covered. -H
In the face of terror, America doesn’t panic or build walls or turn our back on our allies. This is time for us to lead, not cower.
We need a president who can provide leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
This isn't just a contest between candidates—it's between fundamentally different views of our country, our values, and our future.
"Thank you to all the wonderful volunteers who are working so hard for our campaign. You’re knocking down barriers." —Hillary in WA
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to let Hillary know you’re on her team, all the way to the White House. 
Are you with Hillary? Chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination. 
Thank you, Arizona! 
Idahoans and Utahns: Go caucus today! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your caucus location. 
Make sure your friends in AZ, ID, &amp; UT vote or caucus for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
Idaho and Utah: Join thousands of your neighbors at the caucuses tonight! Confirm where to go here: 
Muslim Americans: this is your country, too. These kinds of proposals are dangerous, hateful, and beneath us. 
If we want our kids to succeed at school, let’s make sure their families can at home. That means tackling education and economic reform.
Go vote today, Arizona—Hillary's counting on you! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
Our education system is failing the most vulnerable—and that hurts all of us. 
Live in Arizona? Join thousands of your neighbors at the polls today! Confirm where to go here: 
Every family deserves access to clean, safe water—no matter where they live.  
Miss your chance to hang with Hillary last time? Enter to meet her (and George Clooney!): 

Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry. We will not let fear dictate our foreign policy.
Caucus today, Idaho and Utah! Retweet if you're with her. 
Arizona, go vote today! Retweet to let everyone know you’re with her. 
These terrorists seek to undermine the democratic values that are the foundation of our way of life. They will never succeed. -H
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed and wounded, and all the people of Belgium. -H
"Clinton has the better overall experience [and] grasp on the broad range of issues.” —@IdahoStatesman 
.@andersoncooper asked: Do you think it's sexist when you're told to smile or stop yelling?

"I want to get comprehensive immigration reform. And I want to start trying to get it as soon as I'm elected, if I'm so fortunate." —Hillary
"I want to stop the raids and the round-ups. I don't believe we should be breaking up families and deporting mothers and fathers." —Hillary
"Barack Obama is our president. He has a constitutional responsibility to fill [the Supreme Court] vacancy. He has exercised it." —Hillary
"I ask the Senate to do their duty. It's time for them to quit the partisan posturing and receive the [Supreme Court] nominee." —Hillary
Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
This primary is being decided state by state. Help Hillary win in three easy (seriously, easy) steps: 
Young people should be able to see teaching as a profession that’s both noble and sustainable. 
Lo que opina una señora de 100 años sobre la elección presidencial. 
We need to pay our teachers like the future of our country is in their hands—because it is.
RT @elizabethforma: .@RealDonaldTrump stands ready to tear apart an America that was built on values like decency, community, and concern f…
One million people have donated to help elect Hillary, and a majority of those donations were $100 or less. 
RT @jmurray20: The post-9/11 GI Bill is under attack, but @HillaryClinton won't stand for it. Once again, she's there for us.  …
Here’s what happened when a strong Bernie Sanders supporter asked Hillary a question at a town hall: 
“Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@gabbygiffords

"The question is, can we make it so that America works for everybody who's willing to work?" —@WarrenBuffett

Shirley was born before women had the right to vote. She's seen a lot—and now she wants to see a woman president. 
"Her first instinct is always to ask, 'What can I do to make it better?'" —@billclinton

Newspapers from Miami to Portland agree: Hillary is the best choice to be the Democratic nominee. 
It’s clearer than ever that this may be the most consequential election of our lifetimes. 
“She is one of the most experienced people to ever run for president.” —@azcentral 
This campaign is powered by more than 1 million people who’ve donated to elect Hillary. 
Congratulations Air Force General Lori Robinson—America's first female combatant commander. 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Why Zika matters. Zika can cause devastating birth defects &amp; heartbreak. @HillaryClinton knows US must prepare NOW: https:/…
Hillary Clinton ha luchado por la reforma migratoria por años—y no va a parar ahora. Ve el video:

We’ve got to step up as a country and deal with this. The time to take action against the Zika virus is right now. 
A super quick update on the Democratic primary race: 
I’m grateful for what we’ve built. We have a tough fight ahead with stakes that couldn’t be higher. Join in:  -H
I'm incredibly grateful that people are giving what they can afford—94% of donations are $100 or under. -H
I'm told the number just ticked over: As of a few minutes ago, 1,000,000 people have pitched in to be a part of this campaign. Thank you. -H
Empezar y manejar un negocio pequeño debería ser más fácil.
Donald Trump isn’t who we are. We’re better than this. 
Nearly a million people have chipped in to power this campaign. Here's why:  
Are you with Hillary? So are they ⬇️ Enter for a chance to meet Hillary, George, and Amal at the Clooneys' home. 
While the other candidates "seem downright terrified of the gun lobby, Hillary seems fearless." —@GabbyGiffords 
Hate isn't an American value. Division isn't something to be glorified. We can’t let Trump be our next president.

No es una coincidencia que sus palabras hayan resultado en tantos actos odiosos. 
"An extraordinary power is unleashed when women reach out to their neighbors and find common ground."

The balance of the Supreme Court hinges on this election. Here’s what’s at stake: 
It's 2016. Every student should have access to computer science classes.
Climate change, education, equal pay—a mathematician and a scientist from Florida share what they voted for: 
Trump is fanning the flames of chaos and violence. That's not leadership—it’s dangerous.  
Hillary es una líder que va a luchar para todos. Ella tiene la experiencia y la dedicación para liderar el país.
High 5. 
Congress shouldn't block states from giving families information about their food—glad the senate stopped this bill. 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Heartless and harmful for Congress to even consider denying Child Tax Credit to working poor immigrant families. https://t.…
RT @billclinton: What’s it like to campaign in FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH for @HillaryClinton? Good days with great people.  https://…
We’re not going to succeed by dividing this country between “us” and “them.” We’re in this together.

Los seis mejores momentos del discurso de Hillary Clinton. 
Statement on President Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court: 
We did it.

To every volunteer, supporter, and donor who worked your heart out: Thank you. Let's do this. 
Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri: We did it. And together, we're going to win this nomination. 
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to tell Hillary you're by her side all the way to the White House.
Love you back, Illinois. 
Our next president has to bring our country together.

Let everyone know that you’re prouder than ever to stand with Hillary. Chip in $10 to get a limited-edition button → 
If you knocked on doors, talked to your friends, pitched in, or voted—tonight is your victory. Thank you. -H 
"If we lift each other up instead of tearing each other down, there’s nothing we can’t accomplish together." —Hillary in FL
To be be great, we can’t be small.  We can’t lose what made America great in the first place.
Our next president has to bring our country together. We should be breaking down barriers, not building walls.
We’re going to stand up for American workers and make sure no one takes advantage of us—not China, Wall Street, or over-paid executives.
Hard-working Americans deserve a president with both the ideas and the know-how to create good jobs with rising incomes here in the 
"Making differences in people’s lives comes first because Americans everywhere are hungry for solutions." —Hillary in FL
Thank you, Ohio. 
There's never been a more important time to have Hillary's back. Add your name to help secure the nomination: 
The results are in: We won North Carolina! 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re ready to win this nomination together.
This is big. We just won Florida! 
RT @McHenryCountyIL: McHenry Co. polling sites will remain open until 8:30 pm to accommodate those who were unable to vote earlier due to t…
Honored by Lezley's support. She is turning her grief into resolve after suffering as no mother ever should. -H 
Waiting in line to vote? Stay put—Hillary’s counting on you! RT to tell a friend. 
FL, IL, MO, NC, &amp; OH: Hillary needs you now! If you haven't voted yet, grab a friend and head to the polls: 
Time for some delegate math. Here’s why it matters that Hillary won the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. 
Happy birthday to Supreme Court Justice, women’s rights advocate, and icon Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
Live in FL, IL, MO, NC, or OH? Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place then go vote!
RT @AJKoski16: St. Louis are you ready to vote for @HillaryClinton?!?   
"We can open the door to every person in this country again." —@billclinton

No one should work full-time and struggle to get by. Idahoans, like all Americans, deserve a living wage. -H 

Relieved Atlantic drilling is now off the table. Time to do the next right thing and protect the Arctic, too.  -H
Want to help win in FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH? Find your friends on Facebook and make sure they get to the polls today! 
You’re welcome at (the real) HQ any time, @BroadCity.

We’re live blogging mini-Super Tuesday on Facebook as FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH head to the polls. Follow along: 
Live in FL IL, MO, NC, or OH and have questions about voting today? Call the hotline: 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455)
FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH: Hillary's counting on you to vote today. Confirm your polling place: 
The right to vote is the heart of our democracy. We should restore it to those who have served their sentences. 
Today, our public schools are more segregated than they were in 1968. That’s unacceptable for our kids and for our country.
Moved by the families I met in Chicago who have lost children to gun violence. Their grief is a call to action. -H 
It’s not enough to make college more affordable. We need to help people with the student debt they already have. 
Companies that get tax breaks or government investments shouldn’t be walking out on American communities. 
Donald Trump is fanning the flames of violence. That isn’t leadership. It’s dangerous.  
"Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and  he's encouraging violence and chaos."

RT @IAmSteveHarvey: Spoke with @HillaryClinton on today's show about the  
Joining @IAmSteveHarvey today to talk about the Flint water crisis and how to make sure this never happens again.

Want to help Hillary win FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH? Tune in for a phone bank training on Facebook Live and get calling! 
Four generations of Ohio women. Four reasons to vote for Hillary.

¡Hillary necesita tu apoyo! Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great in the first place. 
We make it about as hard to combine family and work as we could. We can change that.

It's absolutely unacceptable that the gun industry can't be held accountable when they endanger Americans. 
"I am sick and tired of these murders and random acts of gun violence." —Hillary 
"Failing to do anything—which is what we're doing now—will only lead to more loss of life." —Hillary on gun violence prevention 
"Whoever goes up against Donald Trump better be ready. I am the best prepared candidate to do that." —Hillary 
Let's end the school-to-prison pipeline and build a cradle-to-college pipeline. We've got to stop building prisons and invest in education.
Systemic racism is at work in our criminal justice system. We've got to stand up and end these inequities. 
"Donald Trump is responsible for what happens at his events. He’s been not just inciting violence, but applauding it." —Hillary 
At our best, Americans have rejected demagogues and fear mongers. Donald Trump is not who we are.

Trump is running a cynical campaign—trafficking in hate and fear, and playing to our worst instincts. We're better than this. 
Donald Trump is not who we are. 
“My campaign isn’t about building walls. It’s about breaking down all the barriers holding people back.” —Hillary in OH
"If you want to shut [Donald Trump] down, then let’s vote him down. And let’s raise up a better future for our country." —Hillary in OH
"We can criticize and protest Mr. Trump all we  none of that matters if we don’t also show up at the polls." —Hillary in OH
"Donald Trump is not who we are." —Hillary in OH
You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great in the first place.
"After stoking every fire he can think of, Trump encourages his supporters to beat up anybody who disagrees with him." —Hillary in OH
“Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear for one reason: to get votes." —Hillary in OH
Watch live now: Hillary just took the stage at the @OHDems 2016 Legacy dinner → 
Nearly a million people have chipped in to power this campaign. Here's why:  
Los colegios comunitarios públicos deberían de ser gratis en todo el país.
The Castro Brothers: Whether you’re born here or you immigrate, America should be a land of opportunity.

You shouldn’t have to grow up in a wealthy family to have music and art classes available at your school.
Cheers, from Youngstown, Ohio. 
A note on the fight against HIV and AIDS—and the people who really started the conversation. 
The divisive rhetoric and encouragement of violence we're hearing from Donald Trump isn't just wrong—it's dangerous.

We need to stand together against the forces of division and discrimination that are trying to divide America between “us” and “them.”
You don't make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great. Our values, diversity, openness—these are strengths.
If you see bigotry, you should oppose it. If you see violence, you should condemn it. If you see a bully, you should stand up to him.
"If you play with matches, you can start a fire you can’t control. That's not leadership—it's political arson." —Hillary on Trump's rhetoric
The ugly, divisive rhetoric we're hearing from Donald Trump—the encouragement of violence and aggression—is not only wrong, it’s dangerous.
The average CEO at America’s biggest companies earns 200x more than the median worker. We've got to change that. 
It's time to give our teachers a raise. Young people should be able to see teaching as a profession that’s both noble and sustainable.
Violence has no place in our politics. We should use our words and deeds to bring Americans together. 
Hillary Clinton’s statement on her comments about the Reagans' record on HIV and AIDS: 
Confused about the Democratic primary process? Our delegate strategist breaks it down: 
Humbled to stand with these women, who have turned unimaginable grief into a call to action we all need to hear. -H

Climate change is too urgent a threat to wait on Congress. Proud of the US-Canada announcement to take steps to reduce methane emissions. -H
Debate one of these guys? Bring it on.  
Fomentar la violencia contra manifestantes y miembros de la prensa en tus eventos es una desgracia. 
.@realDonaldTrump: condoning violence against protesters and press at your rallies is the real disgrace. 
Republican candidates deny climate change because they’re “not scientists.”  
Ya es hora de movernos hacia el futuro—el embargo no ha funcionado por 50 años. Hillary apoya la normalización de relaciones con Cuba.
Tell us more about how sexism is wrong, @realDonaldTrump.  
 
.@shondarhimes @tonygoldwyn @kerrywashington @violadavis @ellenpompeo: Talk about a power lineup. Thank you for being on this team! -H
Over four decades, Hillary has taken on her share of tough fights. Here are a few of her biggest accomplishments: 
Here's what you need to know about the state of the Democratic primary race, in 6 seconds. 
A look at the backward views on LGBT rights, women, and health care held by all of the remaining GOP candidates: 
This kind of behavior is repugnant. We set the tone for our campaigns—we should encourage respect, not violence. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: After Tuesday, Hillary Clinton expanded her delegate lead to 221.

Here’s what that means.

RT @Ann_OLeary: No barrier should stop people with developmental disabilities from pursuing opportunity.  
Harriet Tubman devoted her life to freeing slaves and led the first-ever US military operation designed by a woman. 
.@FLGovScott, all eyes are on you. Buck the trend: Do the right thing and protect a woman's right to make her own health decisions. -H
If efforts to roll back women's rights seem relentless, you're right: States have enacted 282 abortion restrictions since 2010. -H
States like Ohio, Utah, and Florida that attack Planned Parenthood are attacking women's health, and they're part of a dangerous trend. -H
America grows when American workers’ paychecks grow.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Flashback to '93: Hillary fighting for universal coverage during Bernie Sanders' 3rd year in congress.  http…
We're all in this together. Chip in $1, let’s win this nomination and take on Trump: 
“Puerto Ricans are citizens of America. They deserve to be treated as citizens.” —Hillary 
Found it for you:    
It’s a lot easier to get from 90% coverage to 100% than to start over. We need to build on and protect the Affordable Care Act. 
If you want a comprehensive plan to help reduce the student debt you already have ⬇️  
La economía funciona si todos salen adelante—Hillary va a luchar para mejorar las oportunidades para todos. 
Said it before. Will say it again.  
When someone says you're beholden to banks—but @nytimes says your Wall St. plan is tougher.  
Will repeat this as often as needed: No bank should be too big to fail. No executive should be too big to jail. 
"The money that rescued the auto industry was in that bill. Senator Sanders voted against it.” —Hillary 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders, candidate versus Bernie Sanders, senator. 

 
Stop the raids. Stop the round ups. Stop the deporting.  
"Do you regret voting against [immigration reform] now in hindsight?"
@BernieSanders: "No."  
“It’s time we end family detention.” —Hillary  
RT @TheBriefing2016: About that immigration reform vote in   
Hillary Clinton solo tiene una palabra para Donald Trump: ¡Basta! 
RT if you agree.  
"You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great.” —Hillary on Donald Trump 
RT @UniPolitica: ¿Cómo seguir el ?

📺: Univision
💻:  
💬: @UniPolitica 
RT @UniPolitica: Watch the  live &gt;&gt;  
As Hillary takes the stage at the  tonight, let her know you’re with her: 
In America if you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead—no matter who you are or where you started out.
It’s a simple idea: If you work hard, you shouldn't have to struggle and stress to make ends meet. 
Shirley was only 5 years old when most women got the right to vote. Here's what's on her mind during this election: 
Hillary dropped by @reddit to say “thank you” to some of her nicest supporters. (Yep, you read that right.) 
La brecha salarial entre hombres y mujeres es inaceptable. 
Why Hillary has won nearly all the editorial board endorsements in the Democratic primary so far. 
Have student debt? Here are five ways Hillary wants to help. 
Penalizing people who paid their student loans on time is outrageous—and illegal. We've got to fight this.  -H
"I want to talk about what working families are up against." Hillary’s remarks tonight after winning in Mississippi.

"If we reach for love and kindness instead of bluster and bigotry, we can see the best in each other, not the worst." —Hillary
"It’s simple economics: America grows when your paycheck grows."  —Hillary
Everyone who works hard and does their part should be able to say, “I can make it in America.”
"If we lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, there’s nothing we can’t do together." —Hillary
“Every child should have a good school and a great teacher, no matter what ZIP code they’re from.” —Hillary
We need to build on what makes America great–our energy and optimism, our openness and creativity.
Watch live: Hillary speaks after winning in Mississippi → 
Marriage equality is the law. I stand with those filibustering in MO to make sure discrimination won't be. -H

Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team tonight.
Thank you, Mississippi! 
At the @UN conference in Beijing, Hillary issued a call to action heard around the world.  
RT @MattPaulIA: St. Louis is Clinton Country @billclinton   
RT @VP: Tragic attack in Jaffa today, taking the life of an American. There is no justification for such acts of terror.
Today, Michigan and Mississippi head to the polls. Here’s how we can bring home two more wins. 
Live in MI or MS? Call the hotline with any questions about voting today! 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455) 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Bernie Sanders, candidate versus Bernie Sanders, Senator: 
No child should live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. We will keep families together. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@BernieSanders Congrats?  
“Women’s rights are human rights.” 

On repeat at @HFA HQ during :  
It’s Election Day for MI and MS! Confirm your polling place and go vote today:  
Advancing the status of women and girls makes economies grow and nations more secure. It's the right—and smart—thing to do.  -H
In March 1933, First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the first women-only press conference at the White House. 
A key difference between the two candidates at the  last night:  
"Her first instinct is  ask, 'What can I do to make it better?'" —@billclinton

For everyone who already has student debt, Hillary has a plan to help you, too:   
Every American should have access to higher education without having to go into debt.  
We have to reform the criminal justice system. We also have to expand access to education, health care, jobs, and fair housing. 
Roe v. Wade and the Constitution guarantee women the right to safe, legal abortion. Politicians have no right to restrict it. 
"It's not much of a right if it is totally limited and constrained." —Hillary on women's right to safe and legal abortion 
Last quarter we raised $18 million for Democrats across the country. Progress must happen at all levels of government. 
A vote in 2002 is not a strategy to defeat ISIS now. 
When it was time to fund the rescue of our auto industry, only one Democratic candidate voted yes. 
Workers are our economy's greatest strength—not costs to be cut. They shouldn't sacrifice while executives skate by. 
Myrlie, you're right. There's still work to do in the struggle for equality &amp; justice. Grateful for your support.  -H
Fifty years later, we have to recognize that this work isn't done. We have to make it easier for every citizen to vote—not harder. -H
Bloody Sunday, March 7, 1965, was a day of horror and pain. But it was also a day of resilience and grace.  -H
Necesitamos una presidenta que pueda defendernos de las propuestas de los republicanos.
Anyone who wants to be president of this country should have a real plan to raise incomes, create jobs, and improve our economy.
RT @HFA: What a week. 
Negligent gun manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger our families.

We've got to keep talking about Flint, and talking about real plans to make sure this never happens again. Our kids deserve nothing less.
Another way we can help the kids and families of Flint: donate what you can to   
To help Flint right now, we've set up a new program with Mayor Weaver to create jobs and expand water deliveries. 
More than 500,000 kids a year suffer lead poisoning in America. We can put an end to this injustice.  
We know there are more Flints. We need to tackle environmental racism and injustice nationwide.  
We face a complex, intersectional set of challenges. We need solutions and real plans for all of them.  
These shouldn’t be contentious ideas. We need to fight for them, together.  
RT if you agree.  
It's unconscionable that Flint residents' complaints were dismissed by their government for months. Gov. Snyder should be held accountable.
Flint isn't a partisan issue. We should all work to fix it—especially those who created the mess to begin with. 
Despite what we're hearing from some Republicans, demanding action on the Flint water crisis isn't "politicizing" it—it's getting results.
It's wrong that a community like Flint would see its health put at risk to save a buck—it's also not a coincidence. 
Imagine the outrage if this happened to wealthy white kids instead of poor black kids.  
It's not enough to talk only about economics. We have to tackle racial, economic, &amp; environmental justice—together. 
Gov. Snyder should resign or be recalled, but we also need to focus on how to help Flint now. 

Justice for Flint requires that we address racial, economic, and environmental injustice.  
When we talk about the Flint water crisis, we also have to talk about its root causes—economic, racial, and other. 
Flint's water crisis is an example of the combined effects of intersecting issues that impact communities of color. 
When we talk about the outrage happening in Flint, it's important to talk about who lives there.  
For  response, follow @TheBriefing2016.  
Tonight's  is in Flint, Michigan—a once-prosperous manufacturing town hit hard by a decline in jobs. 
With the spotlight on Flint for the , we're interrupting our regularly scheduled debate coverage to dig deeper into that crisis.
Let’s not forget that there are lots of Flints out there. Places where poor people and people of color have been left out and left behind.
Un momento especial durante una reunión con la Unión de Campesinos. Vea el video.

Nancy's strength of character was legendary, and her advocacy—especially for Alzheimer's research—was tireless. Praying for her family. -H
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"

We can’t accept 33,000 gun deaths per year as “normal.” Most Americans—including law-abiding gun owners—believe we can do better.
Maine, it’s Caucus Day! Live in the Pine Tree State? Confirm your caucus location here:  
No one should have to fear discrimination because of who they are or who they love.

Diversity is a strength, not a weakness. If we lift each other up, we can make this country even stronger.

Together, we can win the nomination and keep working to break every barrier holding Americans back. Chip in $1 now: 
This country belongs to all of us—not just to those at the top. Not just to people who look one way, worship one way, or even think one way.
"I am thrilled we’re adding to our pledged delegate count. I’m grateful to everyone who turned out to support us." —Hillary in Detroit
Thank you, Louisiana! 
Watch live: Hillary speaks at the @MichiganDems reception in Detroit → 
We're ahead by 199 pledged delegates. Here’s why that matters:  
A message to corporate America: If you cheat workers, customers, or taxpayers, we'll hold you accountable. 
"There is a co-worker I have who is  recently found out he was getting paid more than me. I was shocked.” 
Kansas, Louisiana and Nebraska: Call the hotline with any questions about voting today! 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455) 
We should be supporting LGBT kids—not trying to change them. It’s time to end conversion therapy for minors. 
Flint families have waited long enough for the help they need. No more excuses—the Senate should pass the bipartisan aid bill before it. -H
It's time to stand up to pharmaceutical companies hiking the price of drugs for profit. 
RT @HillaryforKS: Today is the Kansas caucus! Make sure you know where to caucus at 2:30pm →   …
It’s Election Day for KS, LA, and NE! Confirm your polling place here and vote today:  
Let's put the dream of starting and running a thriving small business within reach of every American.
RT @SenWarren: The @CFPB should move soon &amp; robustly on its new rules for payday lenders. No delays, and no carve-outs.
On this day in 1917, Jeannette Rankin took her seat in Congress, becoming our country’s first woman representative. 
Creating good-paying jobs has to be a top priority for the next president. We’ve got to build on the progress we’ve made under @POTUS.
"As we lay the foundation for a brighter future, we have to deal with the legacy of the past: barriers that hold back communities of color."
More money in the hands of wealthy people mostly just helps wealthy people—but more money in the hands of working people helps everyone.
Companies have to start treating workers like assets to be invested in, not costs to be cut.
"If you cheat your employees, exploit your customers, pollute our environment, or rip off taxpayers, we will hold you accountable." —Hillary
Corporations have to do right by their communities and our country. Too many aren’t holding up their end of the bargain.
"Michigan proves every day that American workers are the best in the world—all they need is a fair chance on a fair playing field." —Hillary
"As Detroit proves every day, what has been broken can be re-built, stronger than before." —Hillary in Michigan
"The biggest insult of all was to the American people. The economy was basically an afterthought." —Hillary on the  in Detroit
Watch live → Hillary speaks about creating jobs, strengthening the economy, and revitalizing cities in Detroit: 
RT @IanSams: Packed house in NOLA for @billclinton this morning. He's getting out the vote ahead of tomorrow's Louisiana primary. https://t…
We have to do more to raise wages &amp; support paid leave for hardworking families. I stand with @Raise_Up_WA in their work to do just that. -H
We need to make it a national mission to create millions of jobs in clean energy, manufacturing, and infrastructure.
On this day in 1933, Frances Perkins became the first woman cabinet member as Sec. of Labor.  
How many more of these do we have to sit through? Asking for a friend.  
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Deal with it.  
It's not "politicizing" to say that what's happening with the poisoned water in Flint is an emergency and a moral outrage. 
Mientras los candidatos republicanos se insultan entre ellos, Hillary lucha para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
The more time that passes, the scarier this gets. ⬇️  
True on foreign policy—and literally everything else.  
The  is offering a stark picture of one vision for America. Here's another: 
 
Instead of shouting about what's wrong with America, let's make it work for everyone.  
Ninguna persona que trabaje a tiempo completo debería criar a sus hijos en la pobreza.
No one should have to choose between their family or a pay check. Thank you @JimmyGomezCA for leading to expand .
RT @johnpodesta: Wonder if Fox will ask about this terrifying climate milestone in the debate tonight? 
RT @natimontelongo: Amazing mix of High School and College  - We're ready for March 15th here! …
We can't let the next president undo everything @POTUS has made possible. 
Kids come before corporations. Companies shouldn't get special loopholes that endanger families. -H 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Hillary Clinton: "We need more love and kindness." 

Republicans: "No, you're wearing make up!"

Happy ! We're celebrating Dr. Mae Jemison, the first African American woman to travel in space. 
We won't let families be torn apart. Proud to have @UFWupdates on this team—sí se puede.

We’ve got to build on the Affordable Care Act and make sure that every single American has access to quality, affordable health care.
We won eight contests last night. We have the momentum—but this primary is far from over. Chip in to keep going: 
We had a big night on Super Tuesday. Now, we have to keep fighting even harder. When we stand together, there's nothing we can't do.
We've got to keep going, keep working, keep breaking down those barriers and imagine what we can build together. 
America has never stopped being great. Our task is to make America whole.

A typical African-American family has 8 cents of wealth for every dollar a white family has. We need to fix that.  -H
RT @Ann_OLeary: An important step towards supporting the children of Flint. Early education can help alleviate the effects of lead. https:/…
We need to make it easier for parents to balance work and family. 
No parent should have to choose between getting a paycheck and caring for their sick child.

We need to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity, so every person can live up to his or her potential.
It might be unusual for a presidential candidate to say that we need more love and kindness in America—but we do.

RT @HFA: M-A-S-S-A-C-H-U-S-E-T-T-S!  
Back at you, Massachusetts.  
"We're going to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity and empowerment." More from tonight's remarks: 
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to tell Hillary you're by her side all the way to the White House.
America never stopped being great. Our mission is to make America whole.

RT if you’re ready to make history. 
Let’s go win this nomination. If you’re standing with Hillary tonight, chip in $1 right now. 
Thank you, Texas!  
If we resist the forces trying to drive us apart, we can come together to make this country work for everyone.
"It’s clear that the stakes in this election have never been higher. And the rhetoric we’re hearing on the other side has never been lower."
"We know we’ve got work to do.  It's not to make America great again—America never stopped being great. We have to make America whole."
This country belongs to all of us—not just to those at the top. Not just to people who look one way, worship one way, or even think one way.
"I congratulate Senator Sanders on his strong showing tonight, and I am so grateful to all of you who voted for me." —Hillary
To every member of this team: Thank you. When it's gotten tough, you've never wavered. Now, let's keep going. -H 
A win especially close to Hillary’s heart.  
Let the world know that you’re prouder than ever to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now →  
High five: We just won Alabama and Tennessee.  
This is one of the biggest days of the entire campaign. Chip in $1 right now, and let’s win this primary together. 
The first  results are in: We won Georgia and Virginia! 
Waiting in line to vote? Stay put—Hillary’s counting on you! RT to tell a friend. 
Just a few hours left, Super Tuesday voters! Confirm your polling place here and head over.  
There are 800+ delegates up for grabs on —here's the breakdown:  
"She has fought for social justice, equality and policies that expand civil rights." -@IAmSteveHarvey 
Text TUESDAY to 47246 to get exclusive updates via text from @HFA headquarters. 
“I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together. That we are united, not divided.”

RT @repjohnlewis: The Vote is precious, it is almost sacred. I gave a little blood to guarantee that every American has the right to vote. …
She'll fight for paid family leave and stand up to the NRA. Here are 100+ more reasons to vote for Hillary: 
Bookmark our live blog for the latest on : updates from the trail, voting info—and of course, results. 
RT @HFA: It's  and Team HFA is here to help! Ask us a question by replying or tagging @HFA. 
Is your state voting on ? Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
It's ! Hillary needs your help to ensure wins across the country. Will you make some calls? 
If you want a president who'll wake up every day thinking about how to make your life better, she's your candidate.

Is your state voting on ? Call the hotline with any questions: 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455). 
It’s  and thousands are heading to the polls. RT to let them know why you're with her! 
If you live in AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, or VT, confirm your polling place:  
Help Hillary secure another big win by making sure your friends in Super Tuesday states know what's at stake. 
Today on @LinkedIn: We need to solve America's student debt crisis. 
RT @ChelseaClinton: .@Gretchen_LA This is amazing! Thank you so much for sharing with me 
A father to Hillary: “I need you to win for my daughters.”

To those running our country's corporations: If you cheat employees, exploit consumers, or rip off taxpayers, we’re going to make you pay.
Hillary shared a few words to live by after winning the South Carolina primary. 
Time is running out to tell Hillary you're with her before Super Tuesday! Commit now:  
RT @NickMerrill: Had a few greeters waiting when we pulled up here in  we go inside for the event.  …
These mothers are reclaiming the narrative around their children’s deaths.  
RT @TanyD: Mile high numbers this weekend—thanks to all the volunteers who joined us! March 1: we're ready for you.  …
Why has Hillary received the endorsements of so many papers that backed @POTUS? She gets things done. 
Even presidential candidates get starstruck when meeting their heroes.

We need to make it a national mission to create millions of jobs in clean energy, manufacturing, and infrastructure.
Too much talent is being kept on the sidelines. In every industry, we can do and need to do better. 
America never stopped being great. When we're all in this together, there’s no barrier that can hold us back.

Saying hello to the overflow room in Atlanta.

RT @BernieSanders: America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.
RT @AJKoski16: Detroit is fired up for @HillaryClinton in Detroit!   
After becoming the first woman to win the SC primary, Hillary spoke to a packed house. Here's what she had to say: 
Thanks to CHIP, eight million kids like Connar are living the future they deserve.

It’s not enough to make college more affordable. We need to help people with the student debt they already have.

We need more love and kindness in America. Our best years can be ahead of us if we stand with each other.

“When we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break.” What Hillary said after winning in South Carolina: 
RT @JamilSmith: The "love and kindness" line @HillaryClinton used tonight isn't just a line. Read this @rubycramer profile. …
It may seem odd to hear someone running for president say we need more love and kindness in America—but we do.

If you’re proud to stand with Hillary all the way to the White House, chip in $1 to help her get there: 
"Our country was built by people who had each other’s backs. Who understood that, at our best, we all rise together." —Hillary in SC
"Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers. We need to show that we really are all in this together." —Hillary in SC
"We don’t need to make America great again. America never stopped being great. But we do need to make America whole again." —Hillary in SC
"Tomorrow, this campaign goes national." —Hillary in SC
"Today you sent a message: In America, when we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break." —Hillary in South Carolina
RT @HillaryforSC: .@claynmiddleton delivering the news: 
RT if you're standing with her all the way to the White House. 
Heading into Super Tuesday with a smile. Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team. 
We did it, South Carolina. 
If you’re with Hillary, chip in $1 right now, and let’s go win this nomination. 
To South Carolina, to the volunteers at the heart of our campaign, to the supporters who power it: thank you. -H 
RT @HillaryforSC: If you're in line by 7pm, you can vote. Do not leave! Go to  to find your polling place. https://t…
RT @stabenow: Amazing energy with  for Hillary! Be sure to vote March 8 
Lots of love in South Carolina. 
Just a few hours left to vote in the SC primary! Hillary is counting on you. Confirm your polling place and go vote: 
Couldn't ask for a better right-hand woman on the trail. Happy birthday, @chelseaclinton—I'm so proud of you. -H 
RT @mayaharris_: Birmingham, AL!   
Hillary spoke with students at @MorrisColl1908 about student debt and HBCUs:  
Today, thousands of South Carolinians will cast their votes for Hillary! Join them and say . 
RT @HillaryforSC: Need any help at all? 
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.

RT @NaomiTeneAustin: I  but  Check out my latest @BlavityLife GREAT tag 😉 @Aspiring_ESQ  …
RT @HillaryforSC: ✅🍤🍚

Off to the polls.  
Know someone in South Carolina who’s not sure who to vote for today? Share this. 
RT @XochitlHinojosa: The cold weather didn't stop these 1,000 people from coming out to see @HillaryClinton in Columbia on primary eve. htt…
Today’s the day! As South Carolina heads to the polls, let Hillary know you're with her.  
RT @jonfavs: How I became a @HillaryClinton supporter, and why we really need her to win 
.@BillClinton's closing argument for Hillary: "We need a changemaker, not a change talker."

It’s election day, South Carolina! Text COMMIT2SC to 47246 to find your polling location. Hillary’s counting on you. 
RT @HillaryforSC: Polls are open! Don't forget your wallet, and go to  to find your polling place. …
Sometimes running for president involves crashing a bachelor party. 
Hillary no le aumentará los impuestos a la clase media. Cuando la clase media es fuerte, el país es fuerte.
RT @HillaryforSC: "We can't quit. We can't give up. We have to get up every day to try to make a difference." - @HillaryClinton 
.@marcorubio standing up for banks instead of hardworking citizens is wrong. It's time to put Puerto Ricans first. 
It's outrageous that students are being asked to pay interest rates higher than you would pay to buy a house.

Obamacare saved this woman when she needed emergency surgery. Let's build on its progress, not start over.

Living without discrimination should be a right for all, not a privilege for some. Hear hear, @AbbyWambach. 
What’s at stake in this election is whether or not we’re going to help every kid reach their potential.

"She cares. She tries. She perseveres." @jonfavs on supporting Hillary in 2016: 
RT @HFA: What happens when @HillaryClinton shows up at your bachelor party? You take some photos.  …
Talking sexism in the workplace, racial justice,  with @Buzzfeed’s @AnotherRound. 
Let's not divide ourselves between “us” and “them.” America works better when we all do our part. We’re in this together.
It's been less than a week since a mass shooting tore apart a community, and now another. This has to end. Praying for Hesston, KS. -H
This is it: Your last chance to say you're with Hillary before the South Carolina primary! Commit today. 
No matter which Republican is nominated, we can’t afford to let him in the White House. Add your name if you agree. 
We live in a world with serious foreign policy challenges. We need serious leadership.  
We can't let Republicans rip away @POTUS’ progress. Text ImWithHer to 47246 if you agree.
What will strengthen our economy: raising middle-class incomes.

What won't: more tax cuts for millionaires. 


Affordable health care should be a human right in America, not a privilege. We will not let Republicans repeal the ACA. 
Planned Parenthood provides critical health care to millions of Americans. Republicans vow they'll defund it. Not on our watch. 
.@POTUS is doing his job to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. @marcorubio, @tedcruz, and GOP senators should do theirs. 
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. 

Como presidenta, Hillary protegerá, renovará, y expandirá DACA y DAPA, las órdenes ejecutivas. No cree en separar a las familias. 
We will not rip families apart. We will defend @POTUS's actions on immigration and go further to keep families together. 
We should build a path to citizenship, not a wall on the border. 
Let's break down barriers—not build new walls.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Like Trump's position on immigration? You'll love the rest of the Republican field.  
We are not going to deport 12 million people. Demonizing immigrants is beneath our values. 
The  candidates all hold backward views on LGBT rights, women, and health care.  
America never stopped being great. We just need to make it work for everyone.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: There's a bunch of candidates who will be on the  stage tonight. There just aren't a lot of differences.
htt…
"Plugged into the establishment matrix?"
 
"That sounds painful."

Mean Tweets with @alfranken:

@transforhillary honored to have your support. Together we'll take a stand for safety, respect, and full equality for trans Americans.
RT @mayaharris_: "I'm supporting Hillary because she was here when it wasn't election time." -@CoryBooker South Carolina  https:/…
RT @HFA: Hillary is fighting for the struggling, the striving, and the successful.  
"I had to turn my sorrow into a strategy—my mourning into a movement."

“We endorsed her because she endorsed us.” 
RT @_Punya_: Just a few of the dynamic and strong women leading the effort in Illinois for @hillaryclinton  …
Mean Tweets: campaign edition with Senator @AlFranken.

The South Carolina primary is almost here! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  and commit to vote. 
Follow @HFA to hear from the millions of volunteers, supporters, organizers, and donors who power this campaign. 
A high school student asked Hillary about mental health services for veterans. Her response speaks volumes. 
The Puerto Rican senate just confirmed Maite Oronoz Rodríguez, making her the first LGBT chief justice in the US. 
Join @AndraDayMusic, @eltonofficial, and @katyperry at @RadioCity for Hillary—get your tickets while they last! 
We’re working to break down barriers for every American by organizing state to state. Follow @HFA for updates from the official campaign!
Joining @IAmSteveHarvey today to continue the conversation he's been having on guns in America. Don’t miss it!

RT @IAmSteveHarvey: .@HillaryClinton sets the record straight!

Proud to have Senator Reid on this team.  
"[Hillary] tried to help the person that's less fortunate.”  
It isn’t right that we have kids trying to learn in crumbling classrooms. We need to invest in neglected communities.
RT @_Punya_: The energy &amp; enthusiasm in this room is unreal—ready to bring IL home for @HillaryClinton!  
Recognizing privilege and dismantling systemic racism is on all of us. 

"I'm most concerned about the kids who are left out and left behind." 
We will never let Republicans privatize Social Security. We will protect it and expand it. 
People who are working hard should get the respect, dignity, and income they deserve. Middle-class families need a raise. 
We need to make college affordable. We also need to lift the enormous burden of student debt that millions carry right now. 
Systemic racism is found in our criminal justice system, housing, education—but it's also cultural. We have to combat it all. 
There is one candidate, in either party, who's prepared to keep us safe as commander in chief. She's on stage at the  right now.
A chilling explainer from @voxdotcom on the state of gun violence in America. 
RT @finneyk: The reason we're here, she stood with us, we have to stand with her. @HillaryClinton 
RT @mayaharris_: "We need real justice &amp; accountability across America." -@HillaryClinton South Carolina   https…
“If there’s another child out there that can be saved, I will do this for the rest of my life.” -Gwen Carr 
If this team wins the White House, Virginia is invited to come by and dance any time.  
RT @IanSams: Civil rights icon and Clinton supporter John Lewis stumps for Hillary in Birmingham  via @aldotcom …
RT @TheBriefing2016: This loophole helped the Charleston shooter get his gun. Here's @CoreyCiorciari on why we need to close it.
https://t.…
Just a reminder.  
Racial inequality isn’t just a symptom of economic inequality. 
It’s time to close this dangerous loophole in our gun laws. 
Wall Street can never be allowed to wreck Main Street again. No bank can be too big to fail and no executive can be too powerful to jail.
El país necesita un líder que mantenga a nuestras familias seguras.
We shouldn't force families to choose between breaking apart or living in fear. 
Hillary and Dr. Glenda Glover of @TSUedu: HBCUs are fundamental to the basic bargain of America. 
In Ohio and across the country, Republicans are once again attacking women's health. We won't stand for this. 
“She is the 'what can I do?' candidate.” @BillClinton on Hillary’s commitment to helping communities left behind.

Gun manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger Americans. Add your name if you agree: 
.@clairecmc If ever cancer picked the wrong person to mess with, it's you. Stay strong and take care of yourself. I'm in your corner. -H
How one law gives gun makers immunity from accountability and could derail justice for Sandy Hook families. 
Hillary’s doing a Facebook Q&amp;A with @theGrio this afternoon! Join the conversation and leave your questions here: 
It's 2016. A woman's place  she wants it to be. 
We need to protect and build on @POTUS' progress. 
What’s at stake in this election is whether or not we’re going to help every kid reach their potential.

RT @TheBriefing2016: Sandy Hook families are in court against gun makers today. But only one candidate for president has had their back. ht…
RT @theGrio: Grio fam, @HillaryClinton is answering your questions live this afternoon on our FB page:  …
If we face the reality of systemic racism, we can begin to reform our broken criminal justice &amp; immigration systems. 
Torture doesn't work. It's wrong. These dangerous words from Republicans have no place in our country.  -H
Behind the scenes *right* after our win in Nevada.

RT @JamilSmith: Here's the part of @HillaryClinton’s HBCU platform that addresses both public and private.  https://…
RT @rebeccachalif: Hillary for Ohio opens Columbus office today! Quick celebration and then our awesome vols hit the phones …
Together, this is the kind of world we can build for the next generations.

RT @HillaryforCO: "I hope you'll go caucus for Hillary on March 1—the finest change-maker I've ever met." –@billclinton …
@AntonioFrench @HillaryClinton @MO4Hillary Love this!
“Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. This one’s for you.”  
What did Hillary do right after winning Nevada? Headed to Texas to defend voting rights.  
Our hearts are in Kalamazoo today. We must end this epidemic. Communities across the country are paying the cost for inaction. -H
Flint wasn't just treated with indifference, it was treated with neglect, and that isn't acceptable. 
Our schools should lead students towards opportunity, not prison. 
Have student debt? Here's a real plan to help you right now, explained by @MichelleWKwan and @Vivek_Vis.

RT @BET: We're minutes away from @jeffsnation sits down with @HillaryClinton for BLACK VOTES MATTER: A @BET NEWS SPECIAL …
In 2015, @Simone_Biles leapt into record books as the world's most decorated woman gymnast.  
RT @HillaryforCO: This is what a crowd of 750 people ready to caucus for Hillary on March 1 looks like.  
RT @mintimm: Is Houston fired up for @HillaryClinton? ! 
This is a campaign to break down every barrier that holds us back. If we work together, anything is possible.

Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. 
“I’ve never believed in dividing America between ‘us’ and ‘them.’ We are all in this together. We all have to do our part.” —Hillary
No one can get this done alone—not even the President of the United States. It’s got to be the mission of our entire nation.
The truth is, we aren’t a single-issue country. We need more than a plan for the big banks. The middle class needs a raise.
Americans are right to be angry. But we’re also hungry for real solutions.
This is your campaign. It is a campaign to break down every barrier that holds you back.
“To all my supporters out there—some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. This one’s for you.” —Hillary in NV
Nevada: ✅. Watch Hillary's victory speech live from Las Vegas: 
Send a message to Hillary and tell her you’ve got her back all the way to the White House. 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team today. 
Together, we can win the nomination and keep working to break every barrier holding Americans back. Chip in now: 
The feeling is mutual, Nevada. 
To everyone who turned out in every corner of Nevada with determination and heart: This is your win. Thank you. -H
No podemos permitir que un republicano gane las elecciones.
Nevada: If you’re in line and have a question or need help at your caucus location, call 1-702-550-8008. 
Nevada: If you're in line, stay there—and talk to your neighbors about Hillary! 
Stay in line, Nevada! You can still caucus if you’re in line. 
RT @tamarakeithNPR: Caesar's Palace housekeeping workers for @HillaryClinton. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Why did @BernieSanders vote against immigration reform in 2007?

Depends which version of Bernie you're asking. https:…
This is what we're fighting for in Nevada. 
Nevada: Doors don’t close until noon. Find your caucus location here:  
Let’s do this, Nevada.  
In a few hours, Nevadans will head out to caucus. RT if you're standing with Hillary. 
Hillary está luchando por Karla y millones de familias que no deben vivir con miedo. 
Caucus day is here, Nevada! Text NVCOMMIT to 47246 to find your caucus location, and get there by 11  Hillary's counting on you.
Will Ferrell has a message for you, Nevada: Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM. Your location: 

Hillary quiere arreglar nuestro sistema migratorio. Luchará para mantener a las familias unidas.
The Nevada caucus is TODAY! Now is the time to stand with Hillary. Join the team:  
RT @MichelleWKwan: Got student debt? @HillaryClinton's got a plan to help you. Let me explain.  
Ningún niño debe de tener miedo de estar separada de sus padres. Necesitamos mantener a las familias unidas.

Proud to stand w/ @KrisGoldsmith85: Our vets suffering from PTS deserve action and a fair hearing.   -H
RT @CoreyCiorciari: Devastating @jbouie. Time to end the school-to-prison pipeline. @HillaryClinton's new plan:  htt…
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.

Kids being sent into the criminal justice system instead of school is a civil rights issue, and it needs to end.

Too many kids are being criminalized instead of educated. Here's how we will end the school-to-prison pipeline: 
.@POTUS' achievements speak for themselves. The idea that supporting him is a ploy to win black votes is baffling. 
So proud to have Congressman Jim Clyburn on this team. 
“We feel very blessed with opportunity—like we’ve reached our American dream. That started with an immigrant story.”

Last summer, Sandra Bland lost her life in police custody. Now, her mother is channeling her grief into action. 
RT @HillaryforSC: Honored to have Assistant Leader @Clyburn's endorsement and support. 
RT @amandalitman: Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
The emails we send
are love letters to you!
💌  💌
…
Millions of families like Karla’s live in fear of deportation. We need a president who will fight to protect them. 
We will have legislation to enact comprehensive immigration reform before Congress within my first 100 days in office.
You voted for it.    
"You are more likely to get a mortgage application if you're white than if you're black or Latino. That has to end." 
We will call on Congress to repeal the 3/10 year bars on immigrants reentering the US. These provisions tear families apart and should end.
"I am a progressive who likes to make progress. I don't make promises I can't keep." —Hillary 
“I’m going to do everything I can so you don’t have to be scared. Let me do the worrying, is that a deal?”

It's 2016. Women deserve equal pay. Thanks for leading this effort in Oklahoma, @RepEmilyVirgin &amp; @jdunnington. -H 

We cannot back down from breaking the barriers that keep us from living up to our full potential. 
RT @HillaryforCO: "We need a president who knows how to make government work." – @ChelseaClinton 

Agree? ➡️  https:…
This week, Hillary spoke about breaking down barriers for African Americans. Here's how she did it in New York: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@BernieSanders  
Unfathomable that Flint residents were forced to pay almost $1,000/year for poisoned water.  -H
RT @PadenSarah: . @JoyceBeatty is excited to early vote for @HillaryClinton    
"She has been truly loyal to President Obama and is the best person to protect &amp; build on his legacy." —Bill Murphy 
Text MADE to 47246 to be the first to know when new items are added to the  collection.
Excited to launch , featuring tees by Marc Jacobs, Tory Burch, and more of your favorite designers! 
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents. We need to support DREAMers and keep families together.

We need to face up to the reality of systemic racism and then work to dismantle it. 
✔️ Lifesaving cancer screenings 
✔️ Birth control
✔️ Sex education

Pretty wonderful.  
We honor Sandra Bland's memory by acting to reform policing practices. Proud to have her mom Geneva on this team. 
Many of the major newspapers that backed @POTUS in 2008 are supporting Hillary now. Here's why: 
President Trump? Cruz? Rubio? Carson?    
Thankful for @Pontifex's visit to the border and call for immigration reform. We need to keep families together, not break them apart.
Voting rights, marriage equality, campaign finance—all are at stake in the nomination of our next SCOTUS justice. 
Hillary quiere reformar nuestro sistema migratorio para mantener fuerte la unión familiar.
The inequities that persist in our justice system undermine our shared vision of what America can and should be. 
"I want to know that the candidate I'm voting for acknowledges our struggles." —@FeministaJones 
To raise incomes, we need to support unions and a living wage. I stand with working Minnesotans today.  -H
RT @TheBriefing2016: Talk is cheap. Action's important. Let's take a look at @BernieSanders' record on immigration. 
Behind the vote totals and the delegate counts are the voters themselves. Their stories:  
"She was making points about privilege that minorities always make, but it packed such a different punch." -@rembert 
RT @XavierBecerra: If  is campaigning on immigration reform &amp; supporting Latinos, fine. But he should explain his spotty record &amp; h…
RT @XavierBecerra: .@BernieSanders voted against Sen. Ted Kennedy's comprehensive immigration reform bill in 2007. Really? Yes. Really. htt…
Anyone asking for your vote has to grapple with the reality of inequality in America—and offer real plans to fix it. 
No American should work 40 hours/week and still struggle to make ends meet—not in Alabama and not anywhere else.  -H
These are not only issues of economic inequality—they are also issues of racial inequality.

Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is a tiny fraction of what it is for white families. 
RT @IntersectionTNR: Episode 15: @HillaryClinton is getting intersectional.  @HillaryClinton 
RT @Ann_OLeary: Thanks to @HillaryClinton, 90% of kids were covered before ACA &amp; now at 94% in push towards universal health care. https://…
Los líderes deben estar listos para cualquier cosa. Hillary tiene la experiencia y es la candidata más preparada.
We need real plans to combat systemic racism and remove the barriers holding African Americans back. Hillary's plan: 
"When we come together—all of us—with a sense of shared purpose and shared humanity, we can solve any problem and heal any divide." —Hillary
"We need to recognize our privilege and practice humility, rather than assume that our experiences are everyone’s experiences." —Hillary
"White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen &amp; unseen barriers that you face every day."
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from all of us—especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
"Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work dismantling the school-to-prison  need a cradle-to-college pipeline." —Hillary
"We need to fix the crisis of mass  end the epidemic of African Americans being killed by police or dying in custody."
"We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system—not half-measures, but a full commitment with real follow-through." —Hillary
"I’ll be the first to ’ve made my own mistakes; I've walked my own journey. But I believe with all my heart that we can do better."
Anyone asking for your vote has a responsibility to grapple with reality—to see things as they actually are, not just as we want them to be.
"These are not only problems of economic inequality. They are problems of racial inequality. We’ve got to say that loudly and clearly."
"These inequities are wrong, but they’re also immoral.  We have to begin by facing up to the reality of systemic racism." —Hillary
"Something’s wrong when black kids get arrested for petty crimes but white CEOs get away with fleecing our entire country." —Hillary
"We face a complex set of economic, social, and political challenges. They’re intersectional, reinforcing, &amp; we’ve got to take them all on."
It’s not a coincidence that the Flint water crisis was allowed to happen in a largely black, largely poor community.
"I want to talk about how we break down barriers that disproportionately affect African Americans, &amp; build ladders of opportunity." —Hillary
Watch live—Hillary speaks about how we can combat systemic racism and break down barriers for black families: 
We need a president who will tackle all the issues we face, from systemic racism to LGBT discrimination.

Hillary, @katyperry, @eltonofficial, @andradaymusic—all in one place? Get your tickets for the  concert! 
We can't just talk about combating inequality. We need real plans to lift up communities that are being held back. 
We will invest $125 billion to help communities facing economic and racial barriers. Here’s what the plan would do: 
Young black Americans face unemployment at almost 2x the average rate. We need to fix that.  
We need Wall Street and campaign finance reform, but that's not enough. We need to break down barriers that hold back communities of color.
Everyone has his or her own journey to the ballot box. Here are stories behind the votes.  
.@POTUS is doing his job by nominating a new Supreme Court justice. Tell Senate Republicans to do theirs: 
It's @POTUS' job to nominate Supreme Court justices, and the Senate has a responsibility to vote. 
11 So, a message for Senate Republicans: Fill this vacancy. @POTUS will do his job. Do yours. -H
10 As for complaints that this is an election year: 1988 was an election year, too—and Justice Kennedy was confirmed 97-0. -H
9 There are 339 days until the next president takes office. The Senate has never taken more than 125 days to vote on a SCOTUS nominee. -H
8 I have news for Republicans who would put politics over the Constitution: Refusing to do your duty isn’t righteous, it's disgraceful. -H
7 With these critical cases in the balance, Republicans wasted no time in vowing to block any SCOTUS nomination from @POTUS. A new low. -H
6 These decisions could determine whether we as a nation uphold our principles of liberty and equality, or turn back the clock. -H
5 And right now, a case from Texas could determine whether the right to abortion will be a reality for all or some. -H
4 Right now, the fundamental principle of "one person, one vote” is at stake in a case before the Supreme Court. -H
3 Right now, millions of families are waiting for SCOTUS to decide on @POTUS' executive actions on immigration. -H
2 The need to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is not an occasion for politics as usual. This has real and urgent stakes for Americans now. -H
1 Until Jan. 20, 2017, it's @POTUS' job to nominate Supreme Court justices—it's right there in the Constitution. -H 
Can we get back to politics, please? (Great job, @HamiltonMusical.) 
Striking a pose with students from the Expertise Cosmetology Institute in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Thank you to Hillary for Ohio staff &amp; volunteers for all your hard work!  
Couldn't agree more, @IAmSteveHarvey: It's time to act on gun violence. Thank you for telling these stories today. 

If we claim we are for families, then we have to fix our immigration system. We can’t wait any longer for a path to full, equal citizenship.
Today, Planned Parenthood re-opens in Colorado Springs—a testament to hope in the face of hostility and violence.  -H
We need action now in Flint. Please give if you are able: 

A day on the campaign trail with @MsVivicaFox and @ImAngelaBassett. 
We need to come together to prevent hatred and create the kind of nation based on love that we all know we can become.
RT @ClintonFdn: Leading charity watchdogs agree: the work of the @ClintonFdn earns the highest marks across the board. …
Thanks for having me @HillaryforNE! Let's win Nebraska and the 2nd District for @HillaryClinton and @BradAshford16… 
RT @HillaryforNE: .@MartinOMalley is here with Hillary for Nebraska asking people to sign up for Get Out The Vote volunteer shifts—https://…
RT @HillaryClinton: Barack&amp;
Michelle&amp;
Joe&amp;
Bernie&amp;
Elizabeth&amp;
You?

 
Barack&amp;
Michelle&amp;
Joe&amp;
Bernie&amp;
Elizabeth&amp;
You?

 
Ampliemos las oportunidades para todos. Entérate de nuestro plan para la comunidad latina.  
RT @businessinsider: Hillary Clinton is supporting a bill that would protect benefits for former coal miners  https:…
There's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be America's Commander-in-Chief. 
Saddened to learn of President Shimon Peres' passing. He was a great statesman &amp; voice for peace. He will be missed 
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends.

We need to build an economy that works for everyone.

Six moments from last night's debate that prove Trump is totally unfit to be president. 
RT @SueMinterVT: Vermonters will show that billionaires cannot buy elections -@BernieSanders  
"What I want to say to Hillary is, 'Thank you. You made a difference in my child's life.'" 
The @NewYorker endorses Hillary:  
"She did everything to make me feel  belonged in the White House. Can you imagine? From foster care to the… 
Donald—you can’t show us your plans because you have none. 
Hillary will build on the progress we’ve made with the ACA and work to bring health care costs down.  
RT @HillaryClinton: If Hillary tried to fact-check Donald in real time, she wouldn't have time for anything else. So, here: …
This isn’t just about Donald’s comments on women—he’s spent this entire campaign putting down Americans from all walks of life.
Trust me; what we’re hearing from Donald isn’t just “locker room” talk—it’s demeaning, and it’s wrong. 
No @realDonaldTrump, that's not locker room talk. That's sexual assault. You're an embarrassment to men everywhere. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's healthcare plan: "something terrific."

That's it.

Seriously. 

It's gonna be so good. 



http…
RT @TheBriefing2016: FACT: Trump's health care plans would take health insurance away from 21 million Americans.  …
Americans deserve a real plan to expand access to health care and get costs down.  
RT this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote:   
If Hillary tried to fact-check Donald in real time, she wouldn't have time for anything else. So, here:  
Trump owes President Obama an apology for his years-long racist conspiracy. 

And by the way: "Sorry if you were offended" doesn't count.
RT @timkaine: Trust me; what we’re hearing from Donald isn’t just “locker room” talk—it’s demeaning, and it’s wrong. 
Mocking a disabled reporter. Attacking a Gold Star family. Insulting a judge. Trump has never apologized—because that's just who Trump is.
“I want to send a message: America is already great, but we are great because we are good.”  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's pattern of behavior with women, as described by Donald  ago.  …
Trump has said that the video doesn't represent who he is. Anyone who heard it knows it's exactly who he is.

But that's not who we are.
"I have great respect for women." —@realDonaldTrump, who said all of these things.  
We are going to respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.   
Trump reportedly asked this about nuclear weapons: "If we have them, why can't we use them?"

We can't let him beco… 
When Wall Street went broke, they came begging to Congress for help. Now it’s Wall Street’s turn to bail out the middle class.
Donald Trump took charitable money and used it for political payback. That's corruption. 
We have got to, from a moral and economic perspective, understand that this level of income and wealth inequality is unsustainable.
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war.
The peaceful transfer of power is a pillar of our democracy—and Donald's trying to tear that down. 
A quarter of low-wage workers are single parents. We just have got to recognize that the minimum wage as it sits is totally inadequate.
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief.

Chip in to make sure it never happens:  
"It is a correct tweet." —Donald Trump, just now   
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump's super secret plan to fight ISIS is still a super secret.  

RT @HillaryClinton: A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief. https://t.…
The worst part is, this isn’t the first time Donald Trump has praised Russia and Putin.  
RT @Hillary_esp: No todas las heridas son visibles. Los veteranos merecen el mejor cuidado de salud mental disponible.  https:…
“I have a very good brain.” —Donald Trump on his foreign policy advisors

(Himself.) 
Before meals in Honduras, we asked, “Give bread to those who hunger and hunger for justice to those who have bread.” 
A reminder as America officially joins the Paris climate agreement.

We can’t stop there:  
RT @amygdudley: Seeing @timkaine in pen in the @WSJ crossword really makes it official! 
The immigrant detention machine has perpetuated unjust policies and separated families. It's time for DHS to end its use of private prisons.
NEWS: Sanders, @RepRaulGrijalva Ask DHS to End Private Prison Use 
We must start treating prisoners as human beings, not profiting from their incarceration.

RT @Refinery29: Read more of @HillaryClinton's message to young women here:  
.@TimKaine wears his "F" rating from the @NRA like a badge of honor. 
RT @timkaine: You can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes, Donald. 
16 more days until @HillaryClinton &amp; America shows the world that we won't succumb to the fascist threat that is… 
I stand with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe against the Dakota Access Pipeline  
Making calls for Hillary is easy—and fun! Just go to  and get started. 
Walking by Pittsburgh's old St. Stanislaus Kostka Church this week, reminded of the need to fight Russian aggressio… 
RT @HillaryClinton: RT this if you're proud to be on this team—all the way to the White House.   https://t.…
RT @AJentleson: The disloyalty Pence demonstrated was astounding. 

He defended Trump on nothing. 

He created his own platform and defende…
RT @Vegalteno: Most imp lesson VP debate given by @timkaine "let women make decisions over their own body." @GovPenceIN wants 2 force his p…
RT @sean_p_thomas: Winner- @timkaine. More honesty, more facts. Fierce advocate for his running mate.  wouldn't touch Donald with 10…
RT @jessetyler: My takeaway of the : Pence is asking Americans to get behind a candidate who's words he himself can not defend.
Couldn't be prouder of @TimKaine. Pitch in $5 now to make sure he becomes our next vice president:  
RT @CecileRichards: Thank you @timkaine for standing with women. Trump/Pence would send  back decades.  
RT @Millennials4Her: Tonight Pence could not defend any of Donald Trump's awful statements. This is not a team we want in the White House.…
RT this if you're proud to be on this team—all the way to the White House.   
RT @zhaabowekwe: Today, women warriors lock down to defend our water &amp; the seventh generation.   …
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them. 
One conversation could make the difference in this election. Make calls today:  
The opioid epidemic is ravaging communities across America, destroying lives and families. We must focus on prevention and on treatment.
Astonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that @POTUS was born in the United States. 
RT @CNNPolitics: In a historic first, Kaine delivers a speech entirely in Spanish during a Spanish-language church service …
There is no rational reason why the pharmaceutical industry continues to rip off the people of this country.
"Anoche, Donald Trump demostró que no ha cambiado sus palabras de división [sobre inmigración]"—@TimKaine. 
This November, we’ll either break down the barriers of racial bias or put up walls between our communities. 
Every child, no matter their background or what zip code they live in, has the right to a high-quality education. 
Thanks, @POTUS, for reaffirming the law to protect women's health—whichever provider you choose. 
The days of racism, sexism, homophobia, I want to see those days behind us. I don't want to see a president who will continue that ugliness.
"Pence seemed intent on laying out the case for a Presidential candidacy—his own." 
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire career—and she's just getting started. 
The surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. We can and will change that.
While Hillary was monitoring the raid on Osama bin Laden, Trump was hosting "the Apprentice" (which didn't win an E… 
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
The epidemic of price gouging in the drug industry is obscene. Their greed is putting millions of lives at risk. 
2 presidential debates &amp; still no serious discussion of immigration or other Latino issues. These should not be a footnote in this election
That feeling when you win three straight debates.  
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for @TeamUSA. 
I am tired of seeing unarmed African Americans shot in cold blood.
Mike Pence's  strategy seemed to be "if you close your eyes, Trump doesn't exist." 
To the billionaire class we say: You can't get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry. Your greed… 
Look at Hillary and Trump's economic plans side-by-side and you'll see where their values lie. 
RT @danielmarans: Social Security just turned 81. This is its impact.  via @HuffPostPol
In my view, “real family values” means paying workers a living wage, not a starvation wage. 
Nobody here was “having fun” except for Trump. 
.@ForeignPolicy has never endorsed a candidate for political office.

Until now: 
Unless we act boldy on climate today, the situation will only become much worse in years to come.

Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those  bigotry and hatred will not be admitted."

Awkward. 
I join with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and the many tribal nations fighting this dangerous pipeline  
These headlines on Trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign.

Imagine four years of his presidency. 
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
La devoción de Madre Teresa por los pobres y los necesitados nos recuerda que debemos respetar la dignidad de todos. 
On the basic economic issues – trade, minimum wage, climate change, pay equity – Gary Johnson's positions are disastrous.
Thanks, @JoeBiden, for taking the time to join us on the trail! 
Today is @BillClinton's birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here: 
Trump admits he "can't say" he treats women with respect. 
RT @sdutIdeas: This paper has not endorsed a Democrat for president in its 148-year history. Until now. Here's why: …
RT @CNNPolitics: A vote 103 years in the making: Ruline Steininger is one of the first in Iowa to vote in person for Hillary Clinton https:…
As Texas' largest insurer eliminated plans and raised rates, its parent company gave out $48 million in bonuses. 
Trump lost last night's debate before he even took the stage, and it only got worse from there. 
Today's aristocracy is an American billionaire class that has unprecedented economic and political influence over our lives.
RT @nytimes: The NYT Editorial Board endorses Hillary Clinton for president  via @nytopinion 
We won't survive if we continue to destroy nature. Until the tribes are consulted, all Dakota Access pipeline construction should be halted.
NEWS: Senators Ask President to Halt Construction of Dakota Access Pipeline 
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's w… 
Happy National Dog Day! 
It is abhorrent that pro-TPP politicians are taking the side of corporate America over groups that represent workers and the environment.
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it.  
It's been 5 years, and Trump's still pushing the notion that @POTUS isn't American. 
Maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
My dad was born in Poland. Do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not I was born in America? Nobody ever asked me that.
RT @timkaine: It's been 5 years, and Trump's still pushing the notion that @POTUS isn't American. 
RT @SenSanders: My dad was born in Poland. Do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not I was born in America? Nobody ever aske…
The test of what we do isn't the bill signing—it's whether we make life better for people. 
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on: 
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
Thinking about my daughter right now. No little girl will ever again have to wonder whether she, too, can be presid… 
Spread the word: If you're in line by the time polls close, you can vote. 
Polls are closing soon! Go vote now: 

If you've already voted, RT so your friends do, too. 
If you've already voted, head to  to make sure you’re doing everything you can to help Hillary win today.
It’s your last chance to help Hillary win! We need all hands on deck. Head to  to volunteer. 
Millions of Americans have already voted—confirm where to go vote and join them: 
Congratulations @PatrickLeahy! You are a true champion of family farmers, civil liberties and our environment. 
RT @ZephyrTeachout: Voting is power and privilege, a right and a responsibility. We are down to the wire in a razor-close race. YOUR vote m…
Tough times require bold leadership. That’s why I voted @SueMinterVT for governor.  
RT @DeborahRossNC: When the First Lady tells you to vote — you do it. —&gt;  
Enough with cowardly politicians protecting themselves by suppressing the vote. 
I can't fill in for every worker today. Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportun… 
When we talk about continuing the political revolution, we are talking about voting for @PramilaJayapal.… 
I hope today we defeat Donald Trump and we defeat him badly.  
RT @Maggie_Hassan: What better way to use your lunch break than to go and vote?    …
Today is an election of enormous consequence. I hope everybody gets out to vote.  
It's not too late to register to vote in many states. There's no excuse!  
RT @russfeingold: TODAY is , and Russ has one final message for Wisconsinites: Let's get the job done!   https://…
RT @Wonkblog: Bernie Sanders thinks this state ballot measure to rein in drug prices could ‘spark a national movement’ …
.@ZephyrTeachout has thousands of contributions at $19 a piece. Billionaires fund her opponent. I know which side I… 
Our country will get through this challenge. We are not a flawless people, but we are a good people. Love endures.
Thrilled to see @jamie_raskin win MD-08. He was a standout member in the state lege and will serve Marylanders well in Congress 
Congratulations to my good friend @BrownforMD! You will make a fine Congressman and do Maryland proud 
Congratulations @VanHollenForMD on your well deserved victory! Proud to call you my next Senator 
RT @mddems: Remember, if you're in line before the polls close at 8 PM - stay in line and vote!     http…
Hey Maryland: Polls are open til 8pm. Let's beat that fascist  @realdonaldtrump w/ the largest vote margin for… 
Friends in Maine, Nevada, and Washington - Vote for common sense gun safety laws today!  @MomsDemand… 
It's Election Day! If you haven't voted yet, I hope you join me in casting your ballot for @HillaryClinton!… 
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything. 
RT @timkaine: Thinking about my daughter right now. No little girl will ever again have to wonder whether she, too, can be president. https…
RT @HillaryforNC: If you haven't voted, NC, @POTUS needs you to get in line. As long as you're in line when polls close, you can vote. http…
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915. 
Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now! 
Confirm where you vote at  
RT @RobbyMook: Strong Dem Broward + Orange Counties, FL surpassed total 2012 turnout as of 4pm. Amazing work, @HillaryforFL volunteers! …
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls to remind Hillary supporters to go vote: 
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: 
It's going to be close, and we need you on this team. Confirm where to vote today: 
If you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote:… 
RT @VP: Today is Election Day in America. It’s time to get out and vote. 
Today, let's show the world that love will always trump hate.  
RT @aliciakeys: This morning, I woke up feeling hopeful for the power of our voice, for unity, for our continued progress.  …
How do we go high? 

We vote:  
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now: 
RT @JeanneShaheen: We just voted to elect the 1st woman to be our President. Let me tell you, it feels amazing!  …
RT @elizabethforma: This morning I proudly cast my vote for @HillaryClinton to be the next President of the United States.  https…
RT @POTUS: Today, progress is on the ballot. Go vote - then make sure your friends, your family, and everyone you know votes too.
RT @EricaSmegs: Don't worry, Mom, I'll remember to vote today even though ur not here to remind me. Love you. This one is for you. https://…
Happy Election Day!  
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:… 
RT @ChelseaClinton: Couldn’t be more proud of my mom &amp; the campaign she's run. Let’s bring it home for her today. 
RT @repjohnlewis: The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
RT @JeremyShorr: She once told me girls couldn't be  or . Showed her . Hope to show her @HillaryClinton tom…
Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. RT this if you're voting for Hillary:  
"All we ever got from Trump University was lies." —Danny Williams, former Trump University student 
RT @Evan_McMullin: An unsurprising Nazi reference from the "alt-right" movement's presidential campaign. This is the real Trump. https://t.…
Most Americans agree: We need to find commonsense solutions to gun violence. 
Tell us how much time you have, and we’ll let you know what you can do to help turn every swing state blue: 
Burning the oil transported through the Dakota Access Pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars.
We should not be building new oil pipelines that lock us into burning fossil fuels for generations to come.
.@POTUS you took a bold stand against the Keystone pipeline. I ask you to take a similar stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
It's distressing that the government is putting oil industry profits ahead of the treaty &amp; sovereign rights of Native American communities.
.@POTUS must take all appropriate measures to protect the safety of the peaceful protesters gathered to oppose the Dakota Access Pipeline.
NEWS: Sanders Calls on President to Intervene in Dakota Access Pipeline Dispute 
ICE shouldn’t use immigrants to replace prisoners. We must eliminate costly and inhumane private prisons. 
Over and over the government has broken its promise to respect Native American sovereign rights. Now it's time for real change. 
As a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision billionaires are trying to buy elections for candidates who'll represent the wealthy.
RT @SueMinterVT: For democracy to work we need you to be involved!  @BernieSanders   
A new president can bring people together by leading &amp; appointing an administration that fights for working people. 
Thrilled to join @BryanCaforio in Simi Valley.  deserves a non-ideologue in Congress who represents the people… 
Friends in Los Angeles: I'm here in your area today! Hope to see you at an event:  
"If you want hope instead of fear, then you will elect Hillary Clinton as president of the United States.” —@POTUS 
"You have a chance to elect a woman, our first female president, who has spent her entire life moving this country forward.” —@POTUS
"We shouldn’t let our kids think that politics is about pitching a new hotel, or a new golf course, or a TV contract." —@POTUS
Fired up. Ready to go. 

Join @POTUS live in Florida with just 11 days left: 
Trump has contributed $0 for our military, $0 for Pell Grants to help people afford college, $0 for our highways. 
We’re going to make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000 a year and debt-free for everyone else.
Too many families have been ripped apart by gun violence. We need to bring people together to reform our laws. 
"I want to be a president for everyone in this country—Democrats, Republicans, Independents…I’m going to work just as hard for everybody."
While Trump is making an unprecedented attack on democracy, millions of Americans are voting.

Join them: 
Watch live: Hillary campaigns in Des Moines, IA with 11 days to go → 

Make a plan to vote: 
“Just kiss. I don’t even wait. I sort of get away with things like that." —Donald Trump 
RT @brianefallon: Statement from @johnpodesta in response to Comey letter to GOP chairmen 
“Join me in voting for a better America.” —Hillary

RT so your friends can make a plan to vote today: 
Trump wants to give trillions in tax cuts to millionaires and corporations. It’s trickle-down economics on steroids. 
Our kids deserve good schools with good teachers, no matter what ZIP code they live in. 
Trump’s campaign strategy:
Get women to stay home.
Get young people to stay home.
Get people of color to stay home.


"Make no mistake: Women’s health and rights—our futures, the futures of our daughters and granddaughters—are on the ballot.” —Hillary
"This is a man who relishes making women feel terrible about themselves, in every possible way.” —Hillary on Trump

We're better than that.
Don’t let anyone tell you they’re too busy to vote. If Ruline can do it, so can they.  
“More than  million people have already voted in this election.” —Hillary

Join them: 
11 days to go and Hillary’s on the trail in Iowa. Tune in now: 

And make a plan to vote: 
Newspapers and magazines across the country are breaking with tradition to endorse Hillary. 
.@ElizabethforMA is making calls for Hillary. Join her:  
RT @HillaryforAZ: BREAKING: @HillaryClinton will return to Arizona on Wednesday! RSVP here:  
“I need you to knock on doors.
I need you to make phone calls.
You gotta talk to your friends, including your Repub… 
RT @MoveOn: MUST WATCH: @AliciaKeys passionately makes the case for @HillaryClinton &amp; explains why she's chosen to  in this new …
You’re going to want to read this.  
The interests of justice would be best served if our government granted @Snowden some form of clemency. 
7. To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners? 
6. Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies, what is your answer to this? 
5. How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering? 
4. If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?
3. While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?
2. How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?
1. Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?
In light of @kurteichenwald's report on the Trump Organization's dangerous ties, here are 20 questions that Trump needs to answer—now.
Today's must-read: "Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." 
RT @thinkprogress: Bernie Sanders vows to close tax loophole that lets Trump avoid taxes  
Corporations may dodge their taxes legally, but that doesn’t mean it’s acceptable for taxpayers to have to shoulder the burden.
RT @WMUR9: WATCH LIVE: @BernieSanders campaigns for @HillaryClinton at Keene State College:    https…
Add your name for a chance to hang out with Tim on the campaign trail →  
Last night, @allysonfelix won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of @USATF! 
If you want to understand why we pay such high drug prices listen to this: Since 1998 the drug industry has spent $3 billion on lobbying.
54% of Republicans support raising taxes on people earning over $250,000, but we have Republicans in Congress who want to cut their taxes.
The United States is the only major country on Earth – the only one – that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices.
"She’s tough. She doesn’t back down.

Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads." 
We cannot deny that there is a long history of racial injustice in this country. But what we can do is work to make sure we don’t repeat it.
 
RT @Hillary_esp: Trump sobre Alicia Machado en 1996: "Miss Piggy"

Esta mañana: "Aumentó mucho de  era un problema serio". https://t…
RT @JoeBiden: Register and vote for Democrats like @HillaryClinton and @KatieMcGintyPA:   …
RT @AndrewJenks: I've been fortunate to meet young Americans from all over the country. We all make choices. This is  …
"She gained a massive amount of  was a real problem." —Trump this morning on Alicia Machado 
RT @statnews: .@SenSanders asks Ariad for data to explain price hikes in cancer drug 
“Hillary tiene una visión: 'Stronger Together', Juntos Podemos y ella va a explicar esta visión positiva” —Tim Kain… 
We need Supreme Court justices who will overturn Citizens United, which allows billionaires like Sheldon Adelson to buy elections.
The Dakota Access pipeline would have the same impact on the planet as  million cars.  
Fracking is not the answer. Fracking contributes to the climate crisis, increases earthquake risks and poisons our water.
Not only is this the right thing to do from a moral perspective, it is also what the vast majority of the American people want us to do.
We can lift this cap so that everyone making over $250k a year pays into Social Security and extend its solvency for the next 50 years.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year.
Social Security has a $ trillion surplus. It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years. 
Wall Street and right-wing misinformation tell us Social Security, which is funded by the payroll tax, is going broke. They're dead wrong.
RT @TheBriefing2016: Wonder what Trump's hiding in his tax returns? Tap through the reel to see some of the best guesses! …
"Hillary Clinton is not just the only safe choice in this election — she’s also the right choice." —@BostonGlobe 
Photos that help remind us that this election is about building a country we can all be proud of—together. 
RT @HFA: The choice on climate change couldn't be more stark:  
I say to Donald Trump: instead of giving speeches about trade why don't you lead by example and make your goods in America.
It's amazing that a billionaire like Trump doesn't have the guts to call for an increase in the starvation minimum wage of $ an hour.
Change comes about when we understand that 100 years ago women weren't running for president, they didn't even have the right to vote.
If you:
✓ Have student debt
✓ Are going to college
You could save with our college plan. Click to find out how much: 
We have a debt that we owe the Native American people that we can never fully repay. 
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Hillary &amp; @TimKaine take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket: htt…
We share this basic belief: Do all the good you can and serve one another. That's what this election is about. 
RT @HillaryClinton: "For those of you out there who are just getting to know @'ll make the whole country proud as our vice pre…
It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down. 
RT @MagicJohnson: Sen. @timkaine's genuine spirit, integrity and commitment to service came out during his speech. I know he will make a gr…
RT @HillaryClinton: “Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice presid…
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary is ready.
Ready to fight.
Ready to win.
Ready to lead."
—@TimKaine 
RT @HillaryClinton: "Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.” —@TimKaine 
Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger together.
"We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the job." —Tim
"Take it from former First Lady Barbara Bush: she said she didn't know how any woman could vote for him after his offensive comments." —Tim
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth."
Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed.  

They all got stiffed.
Trump "promises a lot,  has a habit of saying the same two words right after he makes his biggest 'Believe me.'" —Tim
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.

It's himself!" —@TimKaine …
Remember the Mothers of the Movement we heard from last night? They trust Hillary to keep other mothers' sons and daughters safe.
Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep them together.
We're all neighbors and we must love our neighbors as ourselves.
"Republican  they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that Hillary Clinton was.” —Tim
“I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't last—tough people do.” —Tim
"If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" —Tim
"Anne and I have been married for almost 32 years, and I am the luckiest husband in the world." —Tim
"I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding &amp; carpentry." 
"My dad ran a union ironworking  mom was his best salesman. My brothers &amp; I pitched 's how small family businesses do it"
"I never expected to be here, but let me tell you how it happened:" —Tim
"I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" —Tim 
"I want to thank my beautiful wife Anne and my three wonderful children: Nat, Woody and Annella." —Tim 
RT @HillaryClinton: Watch night three of  live on Facebook as @JoeBiden, @TimKaine, and @POTUS take the stage → …
What matters in politics is if you can deliver results—and Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve.

We all have to decide whether to be right or do right. If you want to do right, be an optimist. 
Hats off to this member of the Florida delegation.  
Taking it all in. 
.@realDonaldTrump the Hotel Roanoke AC is fine &amp; you should pay them for it. You're the one who brought the hot air! 
RT @HillaryClinton: “Let’s go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.” —@TimKaine …
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary and I will not  we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —@TimKaine on preventing…
RT @HillaryClinton: "There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” —@TimKaine
RT @HillaryClinton: "Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.” —@timkaine
RT @HillaryClinton: “My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” —@timkaine
RT @HillaryClinton: "Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.

She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." —@timkaine
Lots of hate is being generated against Muslims in America. If we stand for anything we have to stand together and end all forms of racism.
I’m Jewish. My father’s family died in concentration camps. I will do everything I can to rid this country of the ugly stain of racism.
28 million Americans still don't have health care. What's Republicans' answer? Throw 20 million more Americans off health insurance.
High growth rates for corporations has paid off for those at the top. The rest of our people are done waiting for it to trickle down.
Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, not the government.
Hundreds of thousands of bright kids can't afford to go to college and millions more leave school with a mountain of debt. That's insane.
Election days come and go. But the struggle of the people to create a government which represents all of us and not just the 1% continues.
Social change, real change, does not happen in one day or one year, it happens only from the bottom on up.
It is not moral, not acceptable and not sustainable that the top one-tenth of one percent now own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%.
Republicans believe in huge tax breaks for billionaires, but that states should actually be able to cut the minimum wage. What an outrage!
We become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, fight to create the kind of country we all know we can become.
What I have believed my whole life is that we are in this together. That's what human nature is about.
Thank you, Harry Reid, for standing up to the powers that be and taking on the big money interests in this country. 
Young people in this country should be in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
It is absurd that millions of workers are unemployed or underemployed when there is enormous work to be done rebuilding our infrastructure.
We are producing enough to feed the hungry and provide what people need, yet our economy works day after day to make billionaires richer.
It is disgraceful that millions of full-time workers live in poverty and millions more must work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing our planet. How will Republicans address it? They call it a "hoax."
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
The future of drug prices in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
A student who studies hard gets hit with insurmountable debt, yet bankers who crashed their own businesses and our economy got a bailout.
Speaking out for your fellow Americans and raising issues is brave. I know it is not easy, but it is very important.
If someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Democrats would find electoral success by making it clear that they stand with the American people and are prepared to take on the powerful.
FDR was absolutely right when he said that the test of our progress is how we take care for the poor and our most vulnerable people.
Change never takes place from the top down, it comes from the bottom up. Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo.
Republicans claim to want less intrusive government, but they force regulations on women’s bodies.
Religious liberty does not have to come at the expense of others’ constitutional rights.
We must make clear to the working families of America that we will take on the billionaire class and stand up to powerful special interests.
We have got to continue fighting for a government that represents all of us, not just the 1%. That fight cannot and will not end.
I find it inconceivable that Republicans continue to ignore the reality of climate change, which is the global crisis of our time.
Voter ID laws are designed to suppress the vote. They mostly affect the elderly, college students, young people and the poor—not fraudsters.
There will be no end to the impact corporate interests can have on our campaigns and our democracy if we do not overturn Citizens United.
If this country stands for anything, we have to stand with those people who came home from war injured in body and soul.
The so-called job creators are not the CEOs of the large corporations, but millions of people who go out and purchase goods and services.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
What Republicans are saying is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I strongly disagree.
Loudly and clearly, we must tell Republicans: no, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
Republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires.
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that we're gonna allow them to win.
I congratulate @HillaryClinton on this historic achievement. We are stronger together.
We must end the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality that we currently experience, the worst it has been since 1928.
Trump wants to abolish the Affordable Care Act and throw 20 million people off of health insurance. We can't let that happen. 
What we are dealing with now is quite honestly, the worst Republican candidate in the modern history of the United States of America.
Now, more than ever, is the time for millions of families to come together and revitalize American democracy.

A truly beautiful moment from last night's roll call vote at the Democratic National 

The GOP wants us to forget that the greed and illegal behavior on Wall Street caused the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.
Drug companies should not be making billions in profits while one in five Americans are unable to afford the medicine they need.
Thank you @KillerMike for advocating for the issues that are affecting working-class Americans across our country. 
Take enormous pride in the historical accomplishments we have achieved together. 

We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian-American, Native American – all of us – stand together.
This election is about making sure that young people in this country are in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.
RT @HillaryClinton: Stronger together. 
RT @TulsiGabbard: My friends, because this is a movement fueled by love, it can never be stopped or defeated.  
Election days come and go. But political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.
This election is not just about electing a president. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
RT @TulsiGabbard: Proud to have the opportunity today to nominate my friend @BernieSanders at the DNCC.   …
RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders at New York delegation breakfast: The Democratic Party "needs to open its doors"  …
Never tweet. 
Thank you, Philadelphia!  
What we have done together is unprecedented, but our fight is not done. Join Our Revolution: 
Our job now is to see a progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency!
It is no secret that Hillary Clinton and I disagree on a number of issues. That’s what this campaign and what democracy is about.
If you don’t believe this election is important, if you think you can sit it out: you're wrong. Think about the future of the Supreme Court.
While Trump believes in huge tax breaks for billionaires, he believes states should have the right to lower the minimum wage below $
We need leaders who bring us together and make us stronger, not leaders who insult Latinos, Muslims, women and blacks and divide us up.
Together, my friends, we have begun a political revolution to transform America and that revolution – our revolution – continues.
RT @DemConvention: "Our revolution continues." @BernieSanders  
Many here are disappointed. I think it’s fair to say that no one is more disappointed than I am. But take pride in what we've accomplished.
And to my delegates: Thank you for all the work you’ve done. I look forward to your votes during the roll call on Tuesday night.
Thank you to the 13 million Americans who voted for the political revolution, giving us 46 percent of the pledged delegates here tonight.
RT @gov: Live: Bernie Sanders addresses the . Tune in on Twitter below. 
Election Days come and go but the fight for social, economic, racial and environmental justice continues. 
We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. 
Tonight at the Democratic National Convention I'll address the future of our movement. Will you watch? 

Young people are the future of America, and they want a role in shaping that future! 
Thank you to all of the delegates representing our revolution in Philadelphia!  
I've said it since day one: this campaign is about more than electing a president. It is about enacting a progressive agenda across America!
We need a party which is prepared to stand up for the 47 million people in this country who are living in poverty!
In the State of New York 3 million Independent voters could not participate in the Democratic nominee process. It's time for open primaries.
Sanders Statement on DNC Chair Resignation 
The party leadership must always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the 2016 race.
We'll keep fighting for a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice.

RT @ABCPolitics: .@BernieSanders: "Most of my supporters understand Trump has got to be defeated"  
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@BernieSanders says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "should resign, period" following DNC email leak.  …
This is a tremendous victory in the fight to democratize the Democratic Party and reform the nominating process.

It is time for us to have a government which represents all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we need tax policies that demand that the wealthy start paying their fair share of taxes.
The toxic chemicals used in fracking are known to cause lung cancer and birth defects. We must ban fracking and .
No amount of regulation can safely guard against the dangers fracking poses to our land, water, air, natural resources and public health.
Saw my friend, Mayor @PeteButtigieg, coming back from @HillaryClinton's amazing speech. We're all  
RT @FWD_us: .@MartinOMalley speaks to the importance of immigration in the history of America at our  event. …
This is the America we love.  
RT @HillaryClinton: "It’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the White House!" —@MartinOMalley …
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@MartinOMalley: "Anger and fear had their moment last week, but now it is our time."  
RT @UniPolitica: .@MartinOMalley, ex rival de @hillary_esp, tuvo algunas frases fuertes contra .  …
It's time to put a racist bully in his place, and a tough woman in hers: The White House!
.@HillaryClinton understands the enduring symbol of the United States is not the barbed wire  it is the Statue of Liberty!
We believe, as @HillaryClinton believes, that no American family who works hard should have to raise their children in poverty.
I say to hell with Trump's American nightmare. We believe in the American Dream!
Trump turns anger into a weapon. But anger never fed a hungry child. Anger never protected a family's home or sent a kid to college.
I've worked with @HillaryClinton, I've competed against her. And I am here to tell you @HillaryClinton is as tough as they come.
Putting the final touches on my speech for tonight. Tune in at 7!   
Once a history nerd, always a history nerd.  
RT @DrAndyMc: A huge thanks to Gov. @MartinOMalley for stopping by our delegation breakfast this morning!  …
RT @KyDems: Glad to have @MartinOMalley as a speaker this morning!   
Happy to be joining @jorgeramosnews from Philadelphia.   
Try? I am a cool dad.  
Philly bound!  
If you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than the example set by Army Captain Humayun Khan.

Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.)  
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.

Headlines for the history books. 
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, it’s even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action: 
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:

“Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America.” —Hillary
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." —Hillary: 
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." —Hillary
“As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. 

So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"This has been such an !

We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton &amp; the man of hope, Barack Obama." 
Hillary &amp; @TimKaine take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket: 
RT @timkaine: We share this basic belief: Do all the good you can and serve one another. That's what this election is about. …
"Let’s look to the future with courage and confidence.

Let’s build a better tomorrow for our beloved children." 
The next president—and her husband. 
Let's go win this, together. 
Thank you. 
RT @POTUS: Great speech. She's tested. She's ready. She never quits. That's why Hillary should be our next @POTUS. (She'll get the Twitter…
In America, we’re always stronger together. 
"Yes, the world is watching what we do.
Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose.
So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
"She never let me back down from any  was right. You have to stand up to bullies." —Hillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of us…can do it alone.” —Hillary
“Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, he’s offering empty promises.” —Hillary
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country.” —Hillary 
We need to start listening to each other.
Hearing each other.
Walking in each other’s shoes.
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —Hillary
"If we’re serious about keeping our country safe, we also can’t afford to have a president who’s in the pocket of the gun lobby." —Hillary
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential  him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." —Hillary
"Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.'  

No, Donald, you don't.” —Hillary
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" —Hillary
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —Hillary
"Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again—well, he could start by actually making things in America again." —Hillary
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
"Remember what the president said last night: Don’t boo, vote!” —Hillary: 
"In Atlantic City…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" —Hillary
"If you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us!” —Hillary 
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!” —Hillary 
“Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it.” —Hillary
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." —Hillary
“If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." —Hillary
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and it’s the right thing to do." —Hillary
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." —Hillary
"It’s wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." —Hillary
“We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!” —Hillary
“With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House!” —Hillary 
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." —Hillary
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States."
“Democrats, we are the party of working people.” —Hillary
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for  there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit." —Hillary
"We’ve reached a  first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." —Hillary 
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successful…for all Americans."
"It’s true: I sweat the details of  it’s not just a detail if it’s your kid, if it’s your family. It’s a big deal."
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." —Hillary
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." —Hillary
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States!” —Hillary 
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." —Hillary
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in America’s promise that I accept your nomination for president!" —Hillary
"'Stronger Together’  just a slogan for our campaign. It’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been." —Hillary
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.” —Hillary 
"Americans don’t say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, ‘We’ll fix it together!’” —Hillary
"Don’t believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.’ Yes, those were actually Donald Trump’s words in Cleveland." —Hillary
Don’t let anyone tell you that our country is weak—we’re not.

Don’t let anyone tell you we don’t have what it takes—we do.
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." —Hillary
"We will not ban a religion—we will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." —Hillary
"We will not build a wall—instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." —Hillary
FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago:

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America’ to 'Midnight in America.’” —Hillary on Trump
"We heard Donald Trump’s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide  wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
“We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —Hillary
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —Hillary
“@BernieSanders, you’ve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.” —Hillary 
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." —Hillary on @BernieSanders
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans.” —Hillary
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know @'ll make the whole country proud as our vice president." —Hillary
"We heard from…@JoeBiden. He spoke from his big heart about our party’s commitment to working people." —Hillary 
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." —Hillary 
“We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton.

And the man of hope, Barack Obama.” —Hillary 
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.” —Hillary
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you’ve become." —Hillary
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.” —@ChelseaClinton 
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.” —@ChelseaClinton
“This November, I’m voting for a woman…who knows women’s rights are human rights…here at home and around the world.” —@ChelseaClinton
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?…Here’s how: It’s because she never, ever forgets who she’s fighting for.” —@ChelseaClinton
"She always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isn’t.” —@ChelseaClinton
So proud. 
"I’m here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.” —@ChelseaClinton
Getting ready. 
"That's right—I love Hillary too." —@KatyPerry 
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. I’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
Get the latest from the  floor before Hillary takes the stage: 
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the @DemConvention before Hillary officially accepts the nomination → 
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —Rev. William Barber 
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." —@JenGranholm 
A night we'll never forget.

RT @TheBriefing2016: "That's a bunch of malarkey!" —@JoeBiden, holding exactly nothing back last night. 
RT @HFA: "I'm living through history, and my mom and my grandma are finally getting to see it as well." —Ebony, 21, NC …
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the  as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.

“Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.” —@Clairecmc on Hillary 
RT @MoDemParty: You better listen to @RepCleaver — @HillaryClinton won't stay throwed. 

RT @Hillary_esp: “Al igual que  he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos, mujeres, trabajadores”  —@DoloresHuerta. https:…
RT @SarahEMcBride: Thanks to all who watched and all who fight for LGBT rights. Here are my  remarks!  https://t…
RT @timkaine: It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down. …
RT @TheBriefing2016: Watch Michael Bloomberg sum up a whole lot about that's wrong with Donald Trump in less than a minute: …
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." —@POTUS 
Ready to pass the baton. 
On day three, the  officially welcomed @TimKaine to the ticket—and @POTUS brought down the house: 
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me.

I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” 
RT @HFA: To: @POTUS
From: All of us 
We love you back, @POTUS. 
"Thank you for this incredible journey.
Let’s keep it going.
God bless the United States of America!" —@POTUS 
"I’m asking you to join me, to reject  summon what’s best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president” —@POTUS
"America, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. And now I’m ready to pass the baton.” —@POTUS
“You’re who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope.” —@POTUS
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” —@POTUS
"We don’t fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.” —@POTUS
“Democracy isn’t a spectator sport. America isn’t about 'yes he will.' It’s about 'yes we can.’” —@POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena.

She’s been there for us, even if we haven’t always noticed." —@POTUS
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." —@POTUS 
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done.” —@POTUS
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want it—not just during an election year, but all the days in between.” —@POTUS
“The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain.” —@POTUS
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. It’s always been about what can be achieved by us, together.” —@POTUS
"That’s who we are.
That’s our birthright.
The capacity to shape our own destiny."
—@POTUS
"Ronald Reagan called America 'a shining city on a hill.'

Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'" —@POTUS
"America is already great. America is already strong &amp; I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.” —@POTUS
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disaster…he suggests America is weak.” —@POTUS
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —@POTUS on Hillary
"I know Hillary won’t relent until ISIL is destroyed.” —@POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.” —@POTUS
“Then there’s Donald Trump. He’s not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.” —@POTUS
"Don't boo, vote!” —@POTUS 
“Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president.” —@POTUS
“There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America.” —@POTUS
"No matter how daunting the odds.
No matter how much people try to knock her down.
She never, ever quits."
—@POTUS on Hillary
“She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden” —@POTUS on Hillary
“Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office…but Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” —@POTUS
“She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels.” —@POTUS on the 2008 election
“A leader with real plans to break down barriers, next president of the United States Hillary Clinton.” —@POTUS
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.” —@POTUS
“As I’ve traveled this country…what I’ve also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America.” —@POTUS
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous.” —@POTUS
“What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” —@POTUS on last week’s GOP convention
“This is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice  we stay true to this great American experiment” —@POTUS
"We’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” —@POTUS
“We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise.” —@POTUS
“By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started.” —@POTUS
“America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.” —@POTUS
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." —@POTUS
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody.” —@POTUS
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" —@POTUS
"I was so young that first time in  a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith.” —@POTUS
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." —@POTUS
Fired up, ready to go! 
"Hillary is ready.
Ready to fight.
Ready to win.
Ready to lead."
—@TimKaine 
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.” —@TimKaine 
RT @timkaine: Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger tog…
RT @timkaine: "We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the j…
RT @timkaine: "Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth."
RT @timkaine: Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed.  

They all got stiffed.
"Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.

It's himself!" —@TimKaine 
RT @timkaine: Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep…
RT @timkaine: "Republican  they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that Hillary Clinton…
RT @timkaine: “I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't last—tough people do.” —Tim
RT @Hillary_esp: "Aprendí los valores del pueblo: fe, familia y trabajo. Los mismos valores de la comunidad latina aquí en nuestro país"–@t…
RT @timkaine: "If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" —Tim
RT @timkaine: "I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding &amp; carpentry." https://…
RT @timkaine: "I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" —Tim 
RT @timkaine: "I want to thank my beautiful wife Anne and my three wonderful children: Nat, Woody and Annella." —Tim 
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." —@MikeBloomberg 
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" —@MikeBloomberg
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." —@MikeBloomberg
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business.

God help us!" —@MikeBloomberg
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." —@MikeBloomberg
"I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a $1 million check from my father.” —@MikeBloomberg on Donald Trump
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." —@MikeBloomberg on the stakes in this race
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.” —@MikeBloomberg
“He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break.

That’s a bunch of malarkey!" —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump 
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.” —@JoeBiden
“A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as Americans—period.” —@JoeBiden on Trump
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal  security" —Biden on Trump
Trump "doesn’t have a clue about the middle class…
“He has no clue about what makes America great. 
Actually, he has no clue—period." —Biden
“He says he cares about the middle class?
Give me a break. 

That’s a bunch of malarkey." —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.'" —@JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"There’s only one person in this race who will be there, who’s always been there…that’s Hillary Clinton's life’s story" —@JoeBiden
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." —@JoeBiden
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." —@JoeBiden
"Everybody knows she’s smart.
Everybody knows she’s tough.

But I know what she’s passionate about—I know Hillary." —@JoeBiden
“He’s become a brother to Jill and me—and Michelle…you are incredible.” —@JoeBiden on @POTUS and @FLOTUS
"Every day we’re grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” —@JoeBiden
Watch night three of  live on Facebook as @JoeBiden, @TimKaine, and @POTUS take the stage → 
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.” –@DrBiden on @JoeBiden 
What the world needs now is love. 
RT @timkaine: What matters in politics is if you can deliver results—and Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve.
https://t.…
RT @JoeBiden: I've seen Hillary in the Senate &amp; the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership…
RT @JoeBiden: It’s good to be back, folks. We've got less than 4 months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Dem…
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —@GabbyGiffords 
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. That’s why I'm voting for Hillary!” —@GabbyGiffords 
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done.” —@GabbyGiffords
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.” —@ShuttleCDRKelly on Hillary
“We say their names, but that is not enough” —@ImAngelaBassett on the victims of gun violence 
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." —Erica Smegielski 
"I’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —Erica Smegielski 
“It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby!” —@ChrisMurphyCT 
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: We have had  of the unrelenting gun violence in America. It's time for us to fight back, together.  htt…
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
“There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…We can change this.” —@ChrisMurphyCT
“She stood up to the NRA, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby.” —@ChrisMurphyCT 
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side. 
RT @dominiclowell: Christine Leinonen is a symbol of strength for all Americans, especially  people. My heart is with her and her son,…
"Trump says global warming is a hoax.



I say Trump is a fraud.” —@JerryBrownGov  
“From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do what’s needed to combat climate change.” —@JerryBrownGov 
“While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.”—@JerryBrownGov 
"It’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the White House!" —@MartinOMalley 
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." —@MartinOMalley 
RT @HFA: "Maybe one day she'll look back and say, 'I was  we nominated our first female president.'" —Janet, NMI …
RT @DemConvention: Just tuning into tonight's action? Watch the livestream at    …
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We won’t let that happen!" —@SenatorReid 
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." —@SenatorReid 
RT @emilyslist: "Hillary Clinton may be our 1st woman president. But she will not be our last. Once that barrier falls, it will  be…
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." —Hillary

The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos:  
RT @billclinton: So proud to tell  last night why @HillaryClinton is still the best darn changemaker I've ever known. https://…
RT @HRC: Daniel Driffin is the first speaker living with HIV to take the  stage in 12 years 
"I trust Hillary 've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." —@FLOTUS 
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights: 
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known.” —@BillClinton on Hillary 
RT @BuzzFeed: People are sharing photos of their grandmas celebrating Hillary Clinton’s nomination  …
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she’s spent a lifetime doing it." —@BillClinton 
RT @timkaine: Taking it all in. 
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"

RT @rosenbergerlm: "The first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage." https…
RT @TheBriefing2016: A few thoughts from @FLOTUS that seem particularly relevant right now.  
RT @timkaine: .@realDonaldTrump the Hotel Roanoke AC is fine &amp; you should pay them for it. You're the one who brought the hot air! https://…
History made.

"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." —@FLOTUS  
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —Hillary 
“Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president.

And she will be a great president." —Meryl Streep 
RT @ElizabethBanks: WATCH: me + friends supporting @HillaryClinton @DemConvention  

“Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it.” —@BillClinton 
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You can’t." —@BillClinton
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” —@BillClinton
“She backed President Obama’s decision to go after Osama bin Laden.” —@BillClinton on Hillary 
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." —@BillClinton
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didn’t let him down.” —@BillClinton on Hillary’s Senate run
“She’s a changemaker. That’s what she does.” —@BillClinton on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage 
“This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"She’s insatiably curious, she’s a natural leader, she’s a good organizer, and she’s the best darn changemaker I’ve seen.” —@BillClinton
“Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.” —an Arkansas judge on Hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
“Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.” —@BillClinton 
"It was the greatest moment of my   that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —Bill on Chelsea being born
“I married my best friend. I was still in awe of…how smart and strong and loving and caring she was.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.” —@BillClinton
“She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"Then she went down to South Texas…and registered Mexican-American voters.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
"She became so involved in children’s issues that  an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center.” —@BillClinton
"Knowing her was one of Hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” —@BillClinton on Hillary’s mother, Dorothy Rodham
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. We’ve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.” —@BillClinton
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.”  —@BillClinton on meeting Hillary
“In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we  a class on Political and Civil Rights.” —@BillClinton on Hillary
You won’t want to miss this. Watch @BillClinton take the stage at the : 
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." —@BillClinton on Hillary

"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show.  a cool head, but also a big heart." —@Madeleine
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." —@Madeleine 
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.” —9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning 
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." —@BarbaraBoxer 
"Let’s declare: Love trumps hate!” —@AmericaFerrera and @LenaDunham 
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.” —@CecileRichards 
No mother should have to feel this loss. 
“I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven” —Sybrina Fulton
“Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone… So many of our children gone but not forgotten” —Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Bland’s mother.
"Let's build. Let's unite." —Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton

Thank you, President Carter. 
RT @HFA: We made history. 
This moment is for every little girl who dreams big. 

Stronger together. 
History. 
Getting ready to make some history.  
RT @HFA: The  is underway at the @DemConvention. You can join in from home! Text HILLARY to 47246 to voice your support right…
“This one’s for you, Hill.”  
RT @RandiBrazeau: It took 240 years but 2016 will be the year of the first woman POTUS!!! Great day to be an American Woman!  …
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president!” —@RepJohnLewis 
RT @sjbxtr: The tears are very real. Now when I tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) I'm not completely full of it.#…
RT @HFA: Hillary's oldest delegate is 102. Read Jerry's story:  
“Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” —@RepJohnLewis on nominating Hillary for president 
“We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." —@RepJohnLewis 
“Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results.” —@SenatorBarb 
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party:  
You heard @FLOTUS. Here's how you can get involved in this campaign →  
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders. 
RT @HillaryforPA: Meet one of our PA delegates who will help nominate @HillaryClinton today at : @MalcolmKenyatta …
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat. 

Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here:  
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." —@CoryBooker at the @DemConvention last night  
"It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."

“Because of Hillary Clinton, my  take it for granted that a woman can be president.” —@FLOTUS 
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight.” —@BernieSanders 
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —@BernieSanders 
" is busy insulting one group after another,  that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" —Bernie
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'” —@BernieSanders
“Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.” —@BernieSanders 
" that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." —@BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States.” —@BernieSanders 
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." —@BernieSanders
RT @TheBriefing2016: "I can't see him helping anyone but himself." —Cheryl Lankford, single mom and Trump University victim 
h…
Happening now: Watch @BernieSanders address the @DemConvention →  
"Trump’s entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial.” —@ElizabethForMA  
Couldn’t agree more, @POTUS. 
“If you believe we are stronger together, then let’s work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president.” —@ElizabethForMA
“We’re not going to be Donald Trump’s hate-filled America—not now, not ever!” —@ElizabethforMA 
"When we turn on each other, we can’t unite to fight back against a rigged system.” —@ElizabethforMA 
“That’s Donald Trump’s America—an America of fear and hate.” —@ElizabethforMA 
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." —Warren on Trump
"Last  spoke for more than an  other than talking about building a stupid wall…did you hear any actual ideas?" –Warren
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers?  A man who must never be president" —Warren on Trump 
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" —Warren on Trump
"He preyed  who had fallen on hard times. He’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —Warren on Trump
RT @HFA: "We’re here today because our choice is @HillaryClinton. I’m with Hillary." —@ElizabethforMA  
Watch @ElizabethForMA live at the  in Philadelphia: 
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —@FLOTUS  
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." —@FLOTUS
"Don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t , right now, is the greatest country on earth." —@FLOTUS 
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters…now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.” —@FLOTUS 
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing only—it’s about leaving something better for our kids." —@FLOTUS
"In this election, I’m with her!" —@FLOTUS on Hillary 
"We don’t turn against each other—no, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." —@FLOTUS
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —@FLOTUS 
"When she didn’t win the nomination 8 years ago, she didn’t  proudly stepped up to serve our country." —@FLOTUS
"There is only one  qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton." —@FLOTUS
Happening now: Watch @FLOTUS speak at the : 
RT @HFA: "Let us declare again, that we will be a free people. Free from fear and intimidation." —@CoryBooker  …
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America, love always trumps hate." —@CoryBooker 
"We are the United States of America.
We will not falter or fail.
We will not retreat or surrender." —@CoryBooker 
“America, we will rise.” —@CoryBooker 
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." —@CoryBooker
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, I’m from  see how he leads in Atlantic City.” —Booker
“Patriotism is love of country. But you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” —@CoryBooker
“Generations of heroic Americans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.” —@CoryBooker 
“Our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." —Sen. Booker
Watch live as @CoryBooker takes the stage at the : 
“So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already.” —@EvaLongoria 
RT @HFA: No matter who you supported in the primary, we are united and stronger together.  
RT @HFA: You still have a chance to be a part of history and join Hillary at the  on Thursday. Enter here: …
Thank you, @ddlovato, for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage.  
RT @Hillary_esp: "Cuando Donald Trump habla de deportar a 11 millones de personas, se refiere a
separar  como la mía y la de Kar…
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias” —DREAMer @Astrid_NV on Hillary 
"Valiente. Brave. That’s what  me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" —Karla 
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, he’s talking  families like mine and like Karla’s" —@Astrid_NV
“My family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the American Dream.” —DREAMer activist @Astrid_NV
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. 

RT @klyouell: I cannot ever say enough how much it means to me that @HillaryClinton speaks about addiction and substance abuse. …
Tonight, @TheDemocrats voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights:  
Opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. It's time to end this epidemic.

We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behind—we're making it a reality.

RT @BernieSanders: We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. 
Let’s make sure our future is in the right hands.   
It's not just history that's watching us—it's the future, too.  
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the : 
RT @TheAdvocateMag: The Advocate endorses @HillaryClinton, the only candidate who is a champion of  causes.  ht…
RT @HFA: Hold on to your hats. The  is just getting started:  
We’re ready to kick off a historic .

Watch live:  
RT @HFA: "Tim has always had a good heart." —@SenWarren

Read what they're saying about Hillary's running mate @TimKaine: …
RT @algore: I am not able to attend this year’s Democratic convention, but I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. (1/3)
"He is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." –Hillary on @TimKaine 
Putting Donald Trump in charge of our economy would be devastating for working families.

No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. All you need is a smartphone. 

“Everyone who has served deserves our  you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service."
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didn’t come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
"We are not going to privatize the , we’re going to reform it." —Hillary
"I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes.” —Hillary on Senator John McCain
“I don’t understand people who trash talk about America…who act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.”
Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor.

They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.
"One thing’s for certain: You won’t ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
"I believe in being firm but wise with our rivals—finding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must." —Hillary
"Americans aren’t just choosing a president, we’re also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary to the @VFWHQ
Hillary's speaking at the @VFWHQ. Tune in now: 
.@TimKaine is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one. 
For more than a decade, @TimKaine's been leading the fight against the NRA—right in their own backyard.

There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win. 

People had some fun with a new game we invented: Sad! Libs. 
"Do all the good you can—measure your life by the positive effect you can have on other people’s lives." —@TimKaine 
"Couldn't have said it better!" —David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech 
Trump's convention message: fear and hate.

RT if you agree we're better than this.

"@TimKaine is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —@POTUS 
"Donald will betray his supporters on every issue." —@TedCruz on the @GOP nominee 
RT @HillaryforVA: Virginians have known and loved @timkaine for decades—and we're proud to have him on Team Hillary: 
"It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken  outright fraud."

Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance 
Your @GOP nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design.

Our goal: 3 million people to register and commit to vote by Nov. 8

Help us get there. → 

Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
"I don't defend what he says." —@MarcoRubio on @realDonaldTrump  
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do."  —@TimKaine in his first speech as Hillary's running mate

Help welcome @TimKaine to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support:  
“Let’s go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.” —@TimKaine 
"America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.” —@TimKaine quoting Harry Truman
"You’re right, he doesn’t trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin.” —@TimKaine on Donald Trump
“I know the ’ve campaigned against me in every statewide race I’ve ever run, but I’ve never lost an election.” —@timkaine
"Hillary and I will not  we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —@TimKaine on preventing gun violence
“In the first 100 days, we’ll put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship.” —@TimKaine
“We’ll make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.” —@TimKaine
"We’re going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —@timkaine
"There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” —@TimKaine
"I’m a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine: 
Do all the good you can.” —@timkaine
"If I’m good at anything in public life, it’s because I started at the local level—listening to &amp; trying to find consensus." —Kaine
RT @Hillary_esp: "Aprendí los valores de mi pueblo, de la fe, familia y trabajo"- @TimKaine sobre su experiencia en Honduras.
"Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.” —@timkaine
“My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” —@timkaine
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in people’s lives.
RT @Hillary_esp: "Seremos compañeros de alma en esta gran lucha por venir"—dijo @TimKaine sobre @HillaryClinton.
"Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.

She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." —@timkaine
"What does Donald Trump say about these great Americans?

He calls the American military 'a disaster.’” —@TimKaine
RT @Hillary_esp: “Y bienvenidos a todos, bienvenidos a todos a nuestro país porque somos americanos todos”—@TimKaine.
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to " —Hillary
"I can’t think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." —Hillary
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our country—from voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform."
Trump's dangerously wrong when he says “I alone can fix it.”

Americans haver never put our faith in one man—we put our faith in each other.
Make no mistake: Behind that smile, @TimKaine has a backbone of steel.

Just ask the NRA.
The people who know @TimKaine best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results.
Pence slashed education funding in Indiana &amp; gave tax cuts to the wealthiest.

Kaine cut his own salary &amp; invested in education in Virginia.
During law school, when his classmates were taking internships at prestigious firms, @TimKaine served as a missionary in Honduras.
"Tim is everything Donald Trump &amp; Mike Pence are not…he is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." —Hillary
“In Philadelphia, we’ll offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls.” —Hillary
Donald Trump may think America is in decline, but he’s wrong.

America’s best days are still ahead of us.
"After everything we saw at the Republican  here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." —Hillary
Live from Miami: Hillary takes the stage in her first appearance with her running mate, @TimKaine → 
RT @HillaryforFL: Rania doesn't understand why a country as great as the United States has never had a woman president.  https://…
RT @HillaryforFL: The crowd @FIU eagerly awaits for @HillaryClinton and @TimKaine to take the stage.  …
If you want to know what someone’s really like, ask his neighbors when he's not around. 
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you, @GovernorVA—proud to call you a friend. -H 
RT @JoeBiden: Folks, we've got to elect @HillaryClinton and take back the Senate. Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work. -Joe https://t…
To @realDonaldTrump, it wasn't just talk--it was actual sexual assault. He is a disgrace to the @GOP &amp; our country.
Let's make it easier for small businesses to get the resources they need to succeed.  
It is more than irresponsible for my Republican colleagues to risk the future of our planet in order to pander to fossil fuel lobbyists.
Good step forward. We should end use of private prisons &amp; stop locking up women, kids &amp; families in internment camps 
RT @YahooNews: Hillary Clinton proposes plan to address mental health treatment  
This election is about looking in the mirror. Do we see a nation that respects people or divides people? 
"There will be no softening whatsoever." —the @WashingtonPost on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet 
.@realDonaldTrump calls climate change a "hoax". Time to bring it to forefront of debate ourselves. Read my op-ed: 
RT @BernieSanders: It's pretty telling that Donald Trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent. https:/…
How can politicians talk about morality and family values, when we turn our backs on the millions of children and families in poverty?
RT @HillaryClinton: Implicit bias is real. It hurts Americans. Anyone who'd outright deny its existence is unfit for the White House. …
“People shouldn’t be afraid to bring up issues of bias in law  you’re afraid to have the discussion, you’ll never solve it.”
RT @HillaryClinton: "The policies of this administration have driven this economy into a ditch.” —Pence

Nope.  …
Trump stood on the debate stage last week and said not paying taxes “makes me smart.”

Guess that makes all the rest of us stupid. 
RT @HillaryClinton: If you can't spot the difference between Pence and Trump on their disastrous economic plans, it's because there isn't o…
The choice: Do we want a you're hired president in Hillary Clinton, or a you’re fired president in Donald Trump? 
If Donald Trump was looking for a VP with the experience to implement his failed economic policies, it looks like h… 
.@Mike_Pence if you wanted a refresher on Hillary’s accomplishments as Secretary of State.  
Hillary Clinton’s life has always been about putting others first—Donald Trump’s always been about putting himself first.
“We trust her with the most important thing in our life: We have a son deployed overseas” —Tim on Hillary   
RT @HillaryClinton: Thanks for the kind words, Mike.  
RT @timkaine: “People shouldn’t be afraid to bring up issues of bias in law  you’re afraid to have the discussion, you’ll n…
Implicit bias is real. It hurts Americans. Anyone who'd outright deny its existence is unfit for the White House. 
When Mike Pence says he and Donald Trump won't raise taxes, he's lying.  
"The policies of this administration have driven this economy into a ditch.” —Pence

Nope.  
RT @timkaine: Trump stood on the debate stage last week and said not paying taxes “makes me smart.”

Guess that makes all the rest of us st…
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump thinks this is "smart." If you pay taxes, what does he think of you?  
Reminder: Donald Trump may not have paid any federal income taxes for 18 years, but wants to give his family a $4 billion tax cut. 
If you can't spot the difference between Pence and Trump on their disastrous economic plans, it's because there isn… 
RT @timkaine: If Donald Trump was looking for a VP with the experience to implement his failed economic policies, it looks like he found hi…
RT @TheBriefing2016: .@MoodysInvSvc:

Clinton's economic plans will create  million jobs. 

Trump's will cost almost  million. 

htt…
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to build on Obamacare." —Mike Pence

Fact check: True. 
RT @timkaine: .@Mike_Pence if you wanted a refresher on Hillary’s accomplishments as Secretary of State.  
RT @timkaine: Hillary Clinton’s life has always been about putting others first—Donald Trump’s always been about putting himself first.
The theme of the night: "I can't imagine how Governor Pence can  Trump." —@timkaine  
RT @timkaine: “We trust her with the most important thing in our life: We have a son deployed overseas” —Tim on Hillary   https://…
"I can't imagine how Governor Pence can defend the insult-driven, selfish, me-first style of Donald Trump." —@TimKaine 
Donald Trump’s new message to African American voters isn’t just inaccurate. It’s outrageous. 
It's appalling that a presidential nominee of a major party is undermining the pillar of our democracy—just because… 
"We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: Hillary Clinton” —@DenverPost 
We aren't going back to a time when kids with pre-existing conditions were turned down for health care. 
RT @HillaryforIA: If you missed @MartinOMalley this morning, never fear—he’ll also be at our Newton office!  https:/…
We're stronger together—and the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.

.@POTUS, @madeleine, and Leon Panetta agree: Hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had. 
Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.

This is a rigged economy – heads they win, tails you lose. We are going to change that economy.
RT @fox5dc: Maryland's Matthew Centrowitz wins first Olympic 1500 gold for  since 1908:  
Mylan should be ashamed for gouging the prices of such an important and life-saving drug. 
RT @HillaryforIA: "I love your state. Iowans are hardworking people who realize we're in this together." —@MartinOMalley
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all.  -H
RT @JeffYoung: .@SenWarren, @SenSanders, and three more lawmakers have questions for @Aetna about its pull-back from Obamacare: …
“I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.” —Hillary on the tarmac to reporters
Let's bring home this win. Make a plan to vote now:  
Make sure you're ready to make history on Tuesday. Confirm where you'll vote and make a plan today: 
3 days left to make history. Don't miss out:  
Democracy is not when cowardly governors go out of their way to make it difficult for people to vote.
You can refinance your home at 3%. Why in god's name are people paying 10% interest rates on your student debt?
To the drug companies I say: Stop ripping off the American people. And if you don't do it on your own, we will do it for you.
On Tuesday, California can send a strong message to the pharmaceutical industry. 
If you sit this election out and Trump wins by a few votes, many people are going to be dealing with that reality for their entire lives.
Our job now is to see the Democratic platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, Democratic House and Hillary Clin… 
Time and again Native Americans have seen the government break solemn promises and corporations put profits ahead o… 
What upsets me so much is we have struggled for so many years to overcome discrimination and Trump is running his campaign on bigotry.
RT @russfeingold: Russ and @BernieSanders will fight for a federal jobs program to benefit all Americans.  
We have to have the guts to tell the fossil fuel industry that their profits are not more important than the future… 
Our job is to reach out to Trump voters to tell them that we’re going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just a few.
Some are, but I think most are people who are hurting, they’re worried about their kids, they’re working longer hours for lower wages.
I do not believe that most of the people who are thinking about voting for Mr. Trump are racist or sexist.
Republicans want to throw 20 million Americans off health insurance. How many of them will die? Republicans don't have an answer.
There is one candidate running for president who has pledged to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. That is @HillaryClinton.
Ran into @billclinton, @RevJJackson, @GibsonForSenate in Jacksonville while working to keep Florida blue for… 
Friends in Jacksonville, FL: I'm in your city today campaigning for @HillaryClinton and local Dems. Hope to see you: 
This election is a choice between freedom &amp; fascism. That's why I have campaigned for @HillaryClinton in 19 states… 
“The reason a lot of [Ku Klux] Klan members like Donald Trump is because a lot of what he believes, we believe in.” 
We face a serious choice on Tuesday: Will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing?… 
Today in 1872, Susan B. Anthony voted—and was then arrested. Almost 50 years later, the 19th Amendment was ratified… 
"Nobody respects women more than me." —Donald Trump

Other things he's said about women: 
More people are voting in this election than ever before. Make a plan to vote today:  
Text JOIN to 47246 and sign up to help us get out the vote. 
Join Hillary, @KatyPerry, and @ShondaRhimes live in Philadelphia for a special GOTV concert: 
Thank you to @Beyonce, @S_C_, @Pharrell, @ChanceTheRapper, @BigSean, @JColeNC, and all the amazing artists helping to get out the vote. -H
For respect.
For the future.
For our planet.

On Tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar:  
Your vote could make all the difference. Confirm where you'll cast your vote for Hillary:  
Five women older than their right to vote share why they're with Hillary: 
The story of this campaign. 
RT @nowthisnews: Jay Z says Donald Trump can't be our president because he divides us 
The energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against but what we're for—an inclusive America whe… 
When they go  vote:  
RT @ABCPolitics: .@HillaryClinton concludes Florida rally in the pouring rain  
RT @LEFsAdventures: The line to get in to get canvas packets for Hillary in South Philly. I cried a little with joy.  …
RT @RobbyMook: Despite rain, thousands here in Pembroke Pines to VOTE EARLY. We are soaked but psyched! 
"Donald, you don’t want to go there.” —Hillary on Trump asking what she’s done for the past 30 years 
We are seeing large numbers of people turning out, breaking records.

Make sure you’re ready to vote, too: 
In just 3 days, we have the chance to make history:

Join Hillary live in Florida as she gets out the vote: 
If you believe in a better, stronger, fairer America:

Vote.  
RT @brianefallon: .@NickMerrill's wit, perceptiveness and knowledge of @HillaryClinton sure do make for a compelling podcast interview
http…
RT @nytimes: The front page of The New York Times, Nov. 5, 2016 
RT @CP3: Make a plan to vote!   
RT if you agree we need to keep moving forward, not back.  
"That reporter and I have the same condition. When Mr. Trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." 
"We are going to respect one another. Lift one another up.” —Hillary

So proud to be a part of this ticket. 
If we work together—if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another—there's nothing we can't do. 
Let's go.  
Fighting for all the good she can, in all the ways she can, for as long as ever she can.  
There is a lot we can learn if we begin to listen to our Native American brothers and sisters.  
I hope Trump tells us what happens to the 20 million he would throw off health insurance. How many will die or become much sicker? 
I hope Trump tells us tonight why despite all the scientific evidence he thinks climate change is a "hoax.” 
I hope Trump tells us tonight why, amidst huge inequality, he thinks we should give huge tax breaks to billionaires. 
It's  so it's time to . 
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate →  
Let's do this.  
Happy birthday @JoyVBehar! I know turning 40 isn’t easy but don’t worry things get better as you get older. 
Friends in Pittsburgh: I'm in your city today campaigning for @HillaryClinton @HillaryforPA @PADems. Hope to see you 
To everyone in the path of Hurricane Matthew: Stay safe, and know that America is with you. 
RT @robdelaney: Are you registered to vote? Can you vote early? Find out! RT! 🇺🇸 
Taking care of veterans is a cost of war. It’s that simple. 
RT @HFA: "We must be a force for unity in America, for a vision that includes all of us." —Gen. John Allen at the DNC …
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump's pay-to-play scandal revolves around the Trump U scam which preyed on people like this military family. https:/…
It’s time to come clean, Donald. Release your tax returns. Explain your business interests.  
Every kid with the desire to pursue higher education should be able to afford it, period.
The only honest, cost-effective approach to universal health care is a single-payer approach. 
"We really are just trying to make our mark in life by helping people." 
RT @Hillary_esp: Tim Kaine visitó el programa @despiertamerica de @Univision  y habló de la importancia del voto joven y latino. https://t.…
"I feel like I'm the political equivalent of the Antiques Roadshow." —@BillClinton, now playing on With Her at… 
RT @HillaryClinton: Anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief.
RT @HillaryClinton: No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS.
RT @HillaryClinton: It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Ob…
It’s well past time for us to take marijuana off the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs. 
If we are serious about criminal justice reform, we must remove marijuana from the federal Controlled Substances Act.
Keeping marijuana in the same category as heroin is absurd. The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana.
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. There’s nothing America can’t do if we do it together.
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime.

He’s missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Don’t miss it. Tune in now: 
I say to the Walton family of Walmart: Get off welfare and start paying your workers a living wage. 
RT @TheDemocrats: Warning: This video contains offensive language, inappropriate behavior, and blatant misogyny. 
Voter discretion is advis…
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country. We cannot turn our backs on them.
The birther movement led by Donald Trump was nothing less than racism. Plain and simple.
RT @jes_chastain: Im very proud of @HillaryClinton tonight. It was a very uncomfortable debate. When he went low, she went high. …
RT @latimes: Who won the debate? Judges say: Clinton was the overall winner
More:  
RT @sean_p_thomas: On substance, on style, on dignity, on temperament, the clear victor is @HillaryClinton. An overgrown toddler vs. a virt…
Hillary's been fighting for military families like ours for decades but her work in the Senate was really important. 
Your vote matters: If you don't speak up, others will speak for you. Make a plan to vote right now: 
What democracy is about is all people having the right to participate in the political process—not making it harder for people to vote.
Republicans shouldn’t be able to disenfranchise voters whose political views are an inconvenience to them.
The right to vote is perhaps the most fundamental part of our democracy and must be protected.
Investigators found 31 cases of voter fraud out of a billion votes. That in no way justifies the voter suppression we’re seeing today.
.@SpeakerRyan with your help we raised more than $ million and received 500,000 contributions to take back Congr… 
When we flip the Senate we’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition free.  
Paul Ryan had no small dollar donors to his campaign in 3 months, but thanks to @SpeakerRyan we raised $ million in 3 days. 
  
 for helping to continue the political revolution. 
We can flip the House and Senate and, better yet, we can do it with small donors.  
I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds good to me.… 
Nice majority you got there @SpeakerRyan. Be a shame if someone flipped it.  
.@SpeakerRyan is more afraid of Bernie Sanders becoming Budget Committee chairman than he is of Donald Trump.… 
Make Paul Ryan’s nightmare come true:
✅ Elect Democrats to the Senate 
✅ Make Bernie a chairman 
✅ Enact a progressive agenda. 

You know what happens when we take back the Senate, @SpeakerRyan? We continue the political revolution. 
We don’t need millionaires and billionaires to flip the Senate. We just need you.  
Paul Ryan said he’s worried about ​me becoming Budget Committee chair. What happened next? $ million raised for… 
Let's thank @SpeakerRyan for helping us raise $ million to continue the political revolution.  
Paul Ryan said if Republicans lose the Senate, a guy named Bernie Sanders becomes Budget Committee Chair. Sounds like a plan! 
"My name is Mae Wiggins. I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin." 
RT @smrtgrls: "Her life proves that she has always believed that public service is 1st &amp; foremost about service." -@ChelseaClinton https://…
"Get this, Donald:
Nasty women are tough.
Nasty women are smart.
And nasty women vote."
—@ElizabethForMA… 
A man who disrespects our service members cannot be our Commander-in-Chief. 
"It’s important to give you something to vote for, not just against." —Hillary  
No one who wants to be Commander-in-Chief should be calling active military operations a "disaster.” 
RT @HillaryforFL: As early voting begins in many counties in Florida, see how many Floridians have already voted.  https://t.…
In honor of Trump's relentless pursuit of any conspiracy theory, presenting a stylish update to his famous hats:… 
Your friends, your family, stars on Broadway—everyone's voting this year. Don't throw away your shot:… 
Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose?

Make your own tin foil  hat:… 
“Clinton has the temperament, knowledge and experience to be president.” —@PhillyTrib 
When Trump trivializes the sacrifice of our military and veterans, he makes it clear: He has no idea what service t… 
Good question.  
A promise to "Make America Great Again" might mean more from someone who actually made his products in America. 
If Donald Trump condones discrimination against his own employees, how would he lead our country? 
"He lost $1 billion running a casino. Who does that?” —Hillary on Trump: 
No matter where you go to college, we’ll make it easier for you to pay back and pay down your student debt. 
Last night, Trump called a military effort to push terrorists out of Mosul a “total disaster.”

That’s dangerous. 
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@SenWarren with @HillaryClinton during a campaign rally at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, NH 
The energy we’re seeing out there isn’t just about what we’re against—it’s about what we’re for: a future in which everyone counts.
While Donald Trump is assaulting our democracy, millions of people are standing up for it—registering, voting early, and volunteering.
Donald Trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election.

That’s a direct threat to our democracy.
"Racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country.” —@ElizabethForMA in New Hampshire
"Get this Donald: nasty women are smart, nasty women are tough, and nasty women vote.” —@ElizabethForMA: 
"Donald Trump aggressively disrespects more than half the people in this country.” —@ElizabethForMA 
"The game is 'rigged'—it’s rigged for guys like Donald Trump. I say, it’s time to fight back!” —@ElizabethForMA 
"Hillary Clinton fights for us. It is now time for us to fight for Hillary.” —@ElizabethForMA 
"It is great to be in the state that’s going to send Hillary Clinton to the White House!” —@ElizabethForMA in New Hampshire
With 15 days to go, Hillary and @ElizabethForMA hit the trail in New Hampshire. Tune in:  
“We’re going to work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president of the United States.” —… 
No family should spend more than 10% of its income on child care.

Here's how we can achieve that goal: 
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's resto… 
RT @keithellison: Mr Stumpf is the CEO of @WellsFargo and his most common answer to my questions about how his bank is run: “I don’t know."
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy. 
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us. 
Calling all lawyers and law students: Listen to @MrJoshCharles and text LAWYERS to 47246 to help protect the vote o… 
The fate of the Supreme Court hinges on the choice we make in 21 days. Here's what's at stake: 
45 years later, I couldn’t be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H 
Jamming behind-the-scenes at the @colbertlateshow with @JonBatiste. Tune in at 11:35pm ET. 
WATCH: Bernie and @HillaryClinton discuss how we make college affordable for every American. 
RT @washingtonpost: "I sold Trump $100,000 worth of pianos. Then he stiffed me."  via @PostEverything
RT @HillaryClinton: There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth. …
Drug prices have skyrocketed in recent years. Let me know how they have impacted you and your family: 
The facts are clear: Trump refuses to admit he is wrong on the Central Park jogger case and continues to peddle yet… 
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap. 
RT @rhettbuttle: When it comes to , it's personal for @HillaryClinton. Lessons from her dad help inspire plan: …
We make it almost impossible for too many women to balance work and family. That needs to change:… 
For those few people knocking public service, hope you'll reconsider answering the call to help others. Because we're stronger together.
Remember, don't believe the haters who describe America as hopeless and broken. We should lift each other up, not tear each other down.
Too many talented young people pass up on programs like @Peacecorps because of student loans. Let's use GOOD JUDGMENT &amp; lighten that burden.
There are hundreds of thousands more @AmeriCorps applications than spots. Horrible! Let's expand it from 75,000 annual members to 250,000.
It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service. 
"All the progress we've made these last 8 years is on the ballot." —@POTUS

Make sure you're ready to vote: 
"Donald Trump’s closing argument is, ‘What do you have to lose?’

The answer is everything.” —@POTUS 
"You have a chance to reject the politics of fear. You can lift up again the politics of hope.” —@POTUS 
"Change is possible, but it doesn’t just depend on one person—it depends on all of us.” —@POTUS  
"She knows that in a democracy as big and diverse as this, we can't demonize each other.” —@POTUS on Hillary
29 of America's highest paid CEOs in 2013 had salaries higher than what their entire companies paid in federal inco… 
Jane and I are deeply saddened by this tragedy and offer our condolences to the families and the entire Harwood Uni… 
The violence transgender Americans face—particularly transgender women of color—is a rebuke to all of us. We have t… 
RT @CNNSotu: .@BernieSanders tells @jaketapper he is ‘disgusted’ by @realDonaldTrump not paying income taxes
 
RT @timkaine: We're going to fight for the ACA so kids like Jude aren't ever turned away because of a pre-existing condition.
…
A total of 15 million families were in debt in 2013, with an average indebtedness of $32,000.
The average wealth of the top 10 percent was $4 million in 2013, but families in the bottom 25 percent were $13,000 in debt on average.
RT @timkaine: Hillary's first job was fighting for social justice at @ChildDefender—it's one of the things I admire most about her https://…
RT @tyleroakley: the new episode of  is my favorite one yet. @HillaryClinton's running-mate @timkaine is the real deal!…
RT @HillaryforNC: We loved having @TimKaine in Asheville. ➡️ He's headed to Fayetteville tomorrow. Join him: 
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer.
Vice President @JoeBiden had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out:  
Thrilled @HillaryClinton introduced a bold plan to empower &amp; employ young ppl through natl service incl expanding… 
RT @AppleMusic: Get  now.
@MaryJBlige &amp; @HillaryClinton speak candidly. 
Watch here:
 
The plan @HillaryClinton and I worked on says: if your kid studies hard and does well, regardless of income, your kid can go to college.
RT @HillaryClinton: "Thank you, @BernieSanders. Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —Hillary
This election is enormously important for the future of this country. It is imperative that we elect @HillaryClinton as our next president.
At a time when we have massive income inequality, it is disgraceful for Trump and his friends to talk about tax breaks for the 1 percent.
I want young people to leave school excited about the future, not being saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in student debt.
When we talk about public education it is no longer enough to talk about grades 1-12. We must talk about making college tuition free.
RT @HillaryClinton: Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and @BernieSanders at @UofNH → https:…
We should make public colleges tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone.
Paying for college shouldn’t be the hardest part of going to college: 
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I started my career…fighting for kids and families.” —Hillary 
“We ran a campaign about issues, not insults.” —Hillary on her primary campaign with @BernieSanders: 
"Thank you, @BernieSanders. Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —Hillary
RT @BernieSanders: This election is enormously important for the future of this country. It is imperative that we elect @HillaryClinton as…
RT @BernieSanders: I want young people to leave school excited about the future, not being saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in stu…
Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and @BernieSanders at @UofNH → 
People should not have to go without the medication they need because Congress does not have the courage to stand up to Big Pharma.
RT @mpshapiro: Trump's new "King of Debt" tax shelter means negative tax rates - meaning taxpayers pay him for high-debt projects: https://…
Never been more proud to say . 
RT @creynoldsnc: Statement from @jmpalmieri on Trump's latest act of desperation 
Get all the latest updates from tonight's debate straight to your phone.  
It is not acceptable that as workers have become more productive, their wages and benefits have gone down and profits went to those on top.
"This is a woman who really does care." 
RT @timkaine: Election Day is less than one month away. Go to  and make sure you're registered today. …
Stop the Dakota Access pipeline. Respect Native American rights. And let us move forward to transform our energy system.
In the 70s:
Hillary was working to expose school segregation.

Trump was investigated for housing discrimination. 
RT @4TaxFairness: While Mylan is price gouging its EpiPen, it's also dodging taxes. Read more here -&gt;  …
Trump asked what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. @MarlonDMarshall's response: 
Four Reasons to Say “NO” to Donald Trump 
Trump’s campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a “genius.” 
This election is about who we are, how we treat each other, and what kind of nation we want to leave for our kids. 
It’s a public health issue to not guarantee paid sick leave for low wage workers who often can’t afford to stay hom… 
RT @keithellison: We have to clean up the banking industry. Let’s start with Wells Fargo. My op-ed in The Daily Beast: …
When the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.
RT @ComplexMag: .@TimKaine explains how the 2016 election affects our civil rights. 
Trump says disqualifying things almost every day—but his policy "plans" matter too. We put them next to Hillary's: 
Make no mistake: the billionaire class doesn't want us to vote. Stand up to the billionaires &amp; register to vote. 
"What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. It's unclear what he's saying, but words matter." —Hillary
One candidate made it clear he wasn’t prepared for last night’s debate. The other made it clear she’s prepared to b… 
"What kind of a person would want to root for 9 million families losing their homes?

One who should never be president." —Hillary on Trump
"I don’t think that any family should have to pay more than 10% of their income on child care.” —Hillary 
"I’m really glad my dad never had a contract with Donald Trump.” —Hillary 
When you work hard, you should not be living in poverty. 
"We may have a record-setting turnout in this election.

We could have the biggest turnout we've ever had." 
"You can go to  to make sure you are registered. And I hope you all will.” —Hillary 
My politics is rooted in my faith and the belief that we should love God and our neighbors as ourselves. 
For 100 years Planned Parenthood has provided health care to millions of women. We aren't going to defund @PPFA, we… 
RT @MarleeMatlin: My response to recent media reports - Marlee. 
Ordinary Americans cannot change the injustices in their government if they are being disenfranchised at the ballot box.
Double standard on transparency for @realdonaldtrump. He hasn't released tax returns or med records WATCH at 6:48 
.@realDonaldTrump is the arch-practitioner of divide&amp;conquer playbook fascists use to stoke fear. WATCH @ 6:48 
We also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like @jbrotherston who have already borrowed. 
The cost of attending HBCUs should never prevent @_bxddxss—or anyone—from attending one:  
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing. 
.@sspiderboy's worries are all-too-common. We need to make attending a community college completely tuition free. 
We’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125,000/year.

That'll help more than 80% of families.
Today, @Simone_Biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from @USAGym to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone! 
The idea of a minimum wage was once considered radical not all that long ago, and yet it is now widely considered a bedrock of our nation.
Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veterans—and any so-called "losers" or "dummies." 
"Ms. Clinton will prove a worthy example to girls who celebrate the election of America’s first female president.” 
George was scammed out of his savings—his retirement, his kids' college funds—by a real estate "course" at Trump U. 
There is something profoundly wrong when the rich keep getting richer and virtually everyone else gets poorer. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Hillary won tonight. Chip in to help her win on November 8th:  
My dog, Rex, is embarrassed by @realDonaldTrump 
.@HillaryClinton is a fighter. And she just proved, once again, that she's the only candidate who has what it takes to be POTUS. 
RT @literally_trump: "She doesn't quit, she doesn't give up, she's a fighter" —Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton, tonight …
RT @mic: Hillary Clinton won the second , mostly because Donald Trump totally imploded
 …
RT @RNicholasBurns: @HillaryClinton won this debate on judgment, intelligence, maturity.  Trump showed how disastrously ill-suited he is fo…
RT @MartinOMalley: .@HillaryClinton is a fighter. And she just proved, once again, that she's the only candidate who has what it takes to b…
RT @CecileRichards: I am so proud to stand with @HillaryClinton. She could not have been more poised or presidential.   …
RT @GabbyGiffords: .@HillaryClinton showed tonight that she is the only candidate in this race who is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. …
Hillary won tonight. Chip in to help her win on November 8th:  
Democracy is not about cowardly Republican governors trying to suppress the vote. But all over this country that is what we are seeing.
Try our new tool! See how much you'd pay in federal income taxes if you paid the same as "billionaire" Donald Trump: 
"That's the whole foundation of Wells Fargo is cross-sell, cross-sell, cross sell." 
This country, our country, is made up of the sons and daughters of immigrants. We should be very proud of that.
Trump has been called “a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot.” That’s not me talking. That’s Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham.
RT @CNNPolitics: Joe Biden criticizes Donald Trump's comments on PTSD: "This is an ignorant man"  …
"I've known Hillary since September of  were just thinking of the next Nancy Drew book." —Hillary's lifelo… 
Follow @TheBriefing2016 during tonight's debate so you can help hold Trump accountable to the facts. RT to spread the word. 
Unions are my family. Standing with workers on picket lines is something I've done my entire life-- that's what I do and what I believe.
RT @DannyEFreeman: "My dislike for Donald Trump is not just that he is a pathological " @BernieSanders says in NH. …
Hillary Clinton, Tim Kaine -- 
 
@ProgressIowa 
.@HillaryClinton has made a lifelong, life-defining commitment to children who need a voice and a fair shot. 
Our economy isn’t money – it’s people – all of our people.  @ProgressIowa 
Take a look at Hillary's record as secretary of state. You'll see why she's one of the best we've ever had. 
Over 100 law professors agree. We must not deport families back to countries where a death sentence awaits. 
Most major nations negotiate with drug companies on their citizens' behalf to keep costs down. Our government should be able to do the same.
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there: 
RT @HFA: "I intend to make sure that 10% of @AmeriCorps slots go to Americans over the age of 55.” —Hillary
RT @HFA: We'll grow @AmeriCorps from 75,000 annual volunteers to 250,000 and double the scholarship that volunteers earn through their serv…
RT @HFA: Too often volunteering becomes something only people with lots of time and financial security can do. Everyone should be able to c…
However you serve, it feels great to be a part of something bigger than yourself—to work toward making something good happen in the world.
This is one of the best things about Americans—we’re doers. When we see something that needs fixing, we roll up our sleeves and get to work.
Every good thing that we’ve ever achieved has always been because people have worked together to make it happen. 
Trump stood up at his convention and described a hopeless, broken nation—one that in no way resembles the strong, vibrant America we know.
This race comes down to two things: what kind of future we want for our kids and how we achieve it. 
There are just 39 days between now &amp; November 8. Just 39 days left in the most important election in our lifetimes. 
Hillary’s speaking in Florida on her plan to expand opportunities for national service. Watch here: 
The NRA doesn't scare me one bit. I took them on in VA and I'll work with Hillary to do it again in the White House. 
RT @postpolitics: Tim Kaine: Trump is too ’emotionally volatile, fact-challenged, self-obsessed’ to be commander in chief …
If you work at a bank and you're under immense pressure to get customers to unnecessarily open multiple accounts, p… 
Every state could lose jobs under Trump’s plan (including 88,676 in VA) and could gain jobs under Hillary's: 
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign. 
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how: 
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth. 
We have got to make sure that every qualified American in this country who wants to go to college, can go to college – regardless of income.
RT @timkaine: Making calls for Hillary is easy!
1. Go to 
2. Pick a state
3. Follow the script …
I very much hope that the IL state legislature votes to overturn this absurd veto and registers millions of voters.

Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here: 

Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president. 
Drug companies make huge profits and executives get big compensation package, while Americans die because they can't afford their medication
We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system. Not half measures, but full measures:… 
RT @Carolynyjohnson: Drug price Whac-A-Mole: Why Mylan's 'savings card' won't solve the EpiPen price problem  https:…
After all the progress that has been made on progressive issues, we must stay inspired to fight for economic justice as well.
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains “make America hate again.” 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Let this sink in. To hate groups, Trump's language doesn't come across as coded. 
"Hillary will be a president our kids can look up to." —@FLOTUS 
Making it harder for someone to vote is like telling them they don't matter. Big win for voting rights today in NC. 
RT @HillaryforAZ: There’s an old Mexican proverb that says, “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.” …
Hillary and I have a plan to generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America by 2020. Read it here: 
RT @HFA: 1. Download our app
2. Complete daily challenges
3. Elect the next president


We're still  million away from reaching our August fundraising goal. Chip in by midnight and get a free sticker: 
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —Hillary 
We have an important job for lawyers and law students—but not actors. Sorry, @MrJoshCharles. Text LAWYERS to 47246… 
Hillary wrote an open letter to young people who are undocumented. Read it here: 
RT @TheBriefing2016: In case you needed a reminder that Donald Trump doesn’t know a thing about national security. 
RT @PolitiFact: ICYMI: Donald Trump is against gay marriage. 
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security.

Imagine if he were to become president. 
Tonight, Trump dismissed his comments about groping women as "locker room talk."

But words matter. 
She won.   
Donald's policy plans are both reckless and regressive. No way this guy can be president. 
When it comes to policy plans, there's no comparing Hillary and Trump.  
Renewable energy is not just about trying to save the planet. It also means creating, over a period of years, millions of good-paying jobs.
Proud of my former staff Chris Pearson, Tim Ashe and Anthony Pollina for winning their Vermont primary elections yesterday!
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it: 
RT @HillaryClinton: I strongly condemn today's attack in Jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. The terrorists must be broug…
I think the evidence is overwhelming that trickle-down economics is a fraud. It works for the very wealthy, not working families.
Targeting police officers with violence is unacceptable. My heart breaks for the loss these families have suffered.… 
RT @clevelanddotcom: Why backing @KingJames and his endorsement of @HillaryClinton is the move for this election:  h…
One can't make the changes that this country needs, frankly, unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street and much of corporate America.
You’ve got to wake up every day and wonder what the opportunity is, take the challenge, and go after it. 
Our strength comes from our faith in one another. 
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind.
Americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
We’ve got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect.
Over 60% of adults with disabilities aren’t in the workplace. We have to fix that. 
RT @HFA: The ADA and the notion that workplaces and public spaces belong to everyone was one that Democrats and Republicans could both get…
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
RT @HFA: One of Hillary's first jobs out of law school was to find out why kids with disabilities weren't in school. 
RT @HFA: Not that long ago, if you had a disability, it defined your entire life. Basic, essential things that others could do, you couldn’…
Building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.
In America, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you.
We need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy.
We've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.
We have two names to add to a long list of African Americans killed by police officers. It’s unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
Live from Orlando: Watch Hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead → 
Climate change is one of the biggest threats we face, but to Trump, it's just "a hoax." 
Quite simply, in our high-priced health care system, we spend more yet end up with less. 
LGBT kids are perfect exactly the way they are.  
RT @DavidNakamura: Obama on Trump video: "You don’t have to be a husband or father to say, 'That’s not right.' You just have to be a decent…
One of my favorite parts about being on the campaign podcast was bragging on my wife Anne. Have a listen: 
RT @MinnesotaDFL: We celebrated  with Minnesotans (and a Marylander) who work for women's rights every day …
.@Terri_Bonoff is a proven leader on gun safety, marriage equality &amp; will work to end dysfunction in Congress  
Check out the shirts worn by some of @HillaryClinton's biggest fans. Get yours @ 's @MinnesotaDFL booth! 
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.

"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton.” —@POTUS:  
When @Pontifex visited Congress a year ago, he encouraged us to lead with compassion. 
California friends: I'm coming tonight to campaign for @HillaryClinton and @AlamedaCoDem! Hope to see you there! 
This is 2016. I can understand school boys in the third grade making stupid remarks, not somebody who’s running for president.
"We can save our planet while creating millions of clean energy jobs." —Hillary

Here's how:  
RT @HillaryClinton: What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. Apologize to the President, and to the American peo…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his car…
RT @HillaryClinton: The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't…
RT @HillaryClinton: Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first African American president. He can't…
RT @HillaryClinton: This shouldn't have to be said: You don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. It doesn’t wor…
RT @HillaryClinton: Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue." ht…
RT @HillaryClinton: When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that @POTUS was born in America, he is lying.  htt…
RT @HillaryClinton: Leading the birther movement is deplorable. Attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who Trump attac…
RT @HillaryClinton: Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on @…
What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. Apologize to the President, and to the American people.
Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone.
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten.
The Fed bailed out Wall Street with extremely low interest rates. I think we can stand to treat can treat college graduates the same.
"If you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." —@POTUS on Hillary 
No one in the United States of America should be forced to skip medical care because they cannot afford it. 
I know this is a radical idea, but we have to inject morality into our political process.
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle. 
I cannot wait to have @russfeingold back by my side in the United States Senate.
Watch Bernie live in Madison with @russfeingold: 
"Can [Pence] look back on the debate as a success after he repeatedly lied in order to run interference for Trump?" 
RT @timkaine: And proud of it. 
RT @timkaine: Just released my tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. Where are yours? 
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Aetna's Decision to Withdraw from Health Insurance Exchanges 
Threats like @Aetna's to pull out of health exchanges are exactly why we need to move toward a single-payer system.

RT @sarajacobs89: GOP cares more about defunding @PPFA and protecting the Confederate flag than protecting millions from Zika: …
RT @mayaharris_: Hillary’s college plan will bring about a long-awaited transformation of higher education in America. Here's how: https://…
RT @sarajacobs89: News from Miami Beach highlighting urgency of the Zika crisis, a public health emergency. Congress needs to act now. http…
President Obama must give the Dakota Access pipeline a full environmental &amp; cultural analysis. We must listen to the Native American people.
Our species will not survive if we continue to destroy nature. So today we stand united in saying no to the Dakota Access pipleline.
RT @billmckibben: The word from @SenSanders:  1) Respect Native American Rights 2) Keep It in Ground. No more pipelines. Transform the syst…
Someone who is working 40 hours a week should not be struggling to provide food for their family. 
Thanks to all the students who showed up for @GUPolitics Meet the Fellows Open House! See you in the classroom. 
Trump on releasing detailed medical records: "I have no problem in doing so!"

He still hasn't released them. 
RT @USPS: This fall, USPS will honor joyous Hindu Festival of  with a Forever® stamp!  
A  preview that says it all. 
Participation in our democracy is  TOGETHER to 47246 to be a part of this. 
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public. 
Something’s wrong when the bottom half of families in America holds 1% of wealth, and the top 10% holds three-quarters of family wealth.
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants. 
Met a new pal on the trail this Saturday. 
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure. 
Seven years after too-big-to-fail banks crashed the economy, fraud is still the business model on Wall Street.   
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadiness—an absolute, rock solid steadiness. 
The struggle for our rights is not a one-time event. It must be fought by every generation.
RT @tyleroakley: reading  makes me excited to vote for @HillaryClinton with the next generation in mind 🐣 https://t.…
Donald Trump is the most dangerous candidate to run for president in the modern history of America. Period.
We counted: Over the last three presidential debates, Donald Trump told 137 lies. 

Hillary still won all three. 
To @realDonaldTrump I say - you can have your free air time, But you can't have the United States of America!
If your skin was the wrong color, you were not welcome in Trump properties. 
.@HillaryClinton has spent her life fighting for children and families, and now we need to fight for her. 
We must join with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and many other tribal nations to stop the Dakota Access pipeline. 
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
Drug corporations' greed is unbelievable. Ariad has raised the price of a leukemia drug to almost $199,000 a year. 
When Ruline was born, women couldn't vote. Yesterday, at 103, she voted for Hillary. Make sure you're registered:… 
No mother should have to send their sick child to school because she can't take a day from work. We need paid family leave in this country.
"I won't let in dangerous people, but I won't slam the door on women and children.” Hillary couldn’t be more right on refugees.
Good advice, @HillaryClinton. Factcheck: Donald Trump wrong on claim that he opposed Iraq War. 
Here's what I think of Donald Trump:  
Bravo @HillaryClinton. We should never, ever slam our doors to women, children &amp; families fleeing violence &amp; famine. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Trump's tax plan would add significantly to the national $ trillion to be exact.  …
No, you didn't.   
What he said.  
It's time for Democratic leaders to join Hillary Clinton and oppose a vote on the TPP during the lame-duck session of Congress and beyond.
I am disappointed by the president's decision to continue pushing forward on the disastrous TPP. It must be stopped. 
The TPP will cost American jobs, harm the environment and threaten our ability to protect public health.

RT @timkaine: Housing discrimination cuts right to the heart of who we are as a society. We need to do all we can to fight it: …
My dad Al owned a union ironworking shop in Kansas City. That's where I learned about respecting hard work and hard… 
RT @KingJames: Was at practice all morning so little late but wanted to  
Trump's child care "plan" is really just a tax cut for the wealthy—while giving working families almost nothing. 
We should treat these families with the compassion, dignity and respect they deserve – not lock up mothers for over 100 days. 
The government should not be in the inhumane business of locking up families who have fled unspeakable violence.

This is how corporations have rigged the rules to reward the top 1%, while harming workers &amp; the environment. 
RT @HFA: When Trump talks about his mass deportation plan, he's talking about breaking up families like Karla's. 
There's no reason an EpiPen, which costs Mylan just a few dollars to make, should cost families more than $600. 
Take a moment to think about the Supreme Court justices that Donald Trump would nominate. 
RT @WIRED: .@HillaryClinton is the best choice for president of the United States:  
One in four people have a difficult time affording their medicine. In the richest country in the world that is unacceptable.
I don’t think that corporations should be making a profit by seeing more and more people go into jail.
Health insurance companies like Aetna are more concerned with making huge profits than ensuring access to health care for all Americans.
Our health cannot continue to be dependent upon the whims of insurance companies whose only goal is to make as much profit as possible.
It’s not just planes and tanks and guns that are a cost of war. The cost of war is taking care of those people who were hurt in that war.
The rising cost of prescriptions has become its own health hazard. People literally cannot afford the medicine they need to survive.
These billionaires donate piles of cash and then receive tax breaks. That is not a democracy, that is an oligarchy. 
IA friends: I'm coming back tomorrow to campaign for @HillaryClinton and Democrats. Hope to see you there! 
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep.

Here's some of the company Trump keeps: 
If there’s one thing I know about @HillaryClinton, it’s that she does her homework.
RT @HillaryClinton: We are not going to bring New York’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. 
Anne and I released our tax returns. So did Hillary and the last 40 years of candidates. Donald should do the same. 
This is crazy. After trying to delegitimize Obama's presidency now Trump says he did the country a favor. 
How dare Trump express concerns about African Americans when his birther efforts attempted to delegitimize @POTUS. What a hypocrite!
.@HillaryClinton is right: Private prisons are a disgrace. Corporations should not make profits off the imprisonment of fellow Americans.
I don't often agree with @MittRomney but he's right: Trump is a "fraud" and a "phony." 
Absolutely disgraceful! 
One of the great disgraces of Trump's behavior has been his leadersip in the "birther movement" - a racist effort. 
The US has more people in jail than any country.  million people. This is a disgrace. We need real criminal justice reform. 
Oh yeah, Trump will stand up for working people. 7 of his 13 top economic aids are Wall Street bankers. Just what the country needs more of.
Many of these lawsuits were filed by working class americans who worked for Trump and never got paid.
I don't know if it's a world record but Donald Trump has been sued more than 3,500 times over the past 30 years. 
Hard truth: @realdonaldtrump is only on stage tonight bc of the racist birtherism he led for years. He should man up/apologize. 
.@HillaryClinton supports common sense gun safety reforms that will keep guns away from terrorists, domestic abusers, criminals 
@realDonaldTrump business record: stiff workers, declare bankruptcy 6 times 
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high.  
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.
RT @TheBriefing2016: This is just one of the business practices that led to Donald Trump being sued for discrimination.  …
Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?

"I say nothing." 
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president." 
President Obama was born in the United States. He’s American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it. 
Still a complete lie.  

Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe.  
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all. 
We’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons.  
RT @BuzzFeedBen: How Hillary Clinton Took Charge In The First Presidential Debate 
We are not going to bring New York’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. 
"Maybe he didn't do a good job." —Donald Trump

Looks like you “loved” it at the time. … 
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." —Trump  
The disastrous Citizens United decision enables billionaires to spend as much as they want to sway elections. That's not democracy.
RT @russfeingold: Russ and @BernieSanders are looking forward to a fired up crowd today in Madison!

See you soon! …
"We trust American women." —@TimKaine on a woman's right to abortion 
The right to vote is precious, and I'm proud that my friend @GovernorVA is fighting to protect it. 
Only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. See how her plan would help you: 
A quick search of Trump’s website shows the top mentions of “student debt” and “college” are attacks—not solutions. 
Student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important.

Why isn’t Donald Trump talking about these issues?
Student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life. 
Trump wouldn't say if he'll accept the outcome of the election. That’s horrifying—but part of a pattern. 
Just 17 days left. Join Hillary and @TimKaine on the trail in Philadelphia: 
"It’s time to get out the vote."    
RT @EllisonCampaign: Our diversity is not a weakness. It is our strength. @HillaryClinton understands that. . …
No question who won tonight. Donald focused on Hillary. Hillary focused on the American people.  
Hillary's right—Donald should buy steel from Pennsylvania or Ohio and not China. 
Donald thinks energy is “under siege by Obama?”

We’ve got lower prices, energy independence, AND a clean energy revolution.
This isn’t an election for the next 4 years—it’s an election for the next 40 years, especially when it comes to the Supreme Court. 
My Senate colleagues from both sides of the aisle agree—Hillary will be effective. She’ll unite people not divide us. 
This is what my kind of 3  tweetstorm looks like. 
Donald says he'll be devoted to ALL Americans, so why does he trash immigrants, African Americans, Muslims, women, people with disabilities?
Trump keeps whining to the moderators about how much time he's getting on his answers. Thin skin!
Donald says Russia and Syria are killing ISIS? They're killing Syrian citizens. And he acts like they are fighting terrorists? Get real.
.@HillaryClinton will overturn Citizens United. @realDonaldTrump will continue to let unaccountable money destroy our democracy 
Our nation is divided more than ever because cowards like @realDonaldTrump stoke racism, sexism, and xenophobia 
.@realDonaldTrump defends Putin and Bashar Al-Assad, but attacks gold star families and POWs. He's an international disgrace. 
RT this if you're prouder than ever to be on Hillary's team.   
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump promises he'll revive steel manufacturing in the US. 

He himself doesn't always use US steel.   h…
Trump talks tough on trade and Chinese steel hurting American workers—but he bought Chinese steel for two of his last three buildings.
The next president could appoint up to three Supreme Court justices.

Will they protect Americans' rights, or corporations'? 
Many people are saying Donald Trump doesn't have the discipline, temperament, or vision to be president. 
You did, in fact, say this.  
RT @TheBriefing2016: Donald Trump is already having an effect on our kids -- and he's only a candidate.

Imagine him as President. 

…
"I will be a president for all of the people." —Donald Trump*

*Except women, people of color, LGBT people,  
"I know more about ISIS than the generals." —Donald Trump, who clearly doesn't. 
RT @TheBriefing2016: Given whatever that 't be surprising that this is Donald Trump's actual ISIS plan.  …
The dangers of the TPP are abundant and well-documented. We must do all that we can to . 
“There’s only one person in this election who  you, and that is Hillary Clinton.” —@JoeBiden
RT @JoeBiden: "Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and  and America can be defined in one single word — 'possibilitie…
"What Hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” —@JoeBiden
“No one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal.” —@JoeBiden
"Home is where your character is stamped, where it’s stamped into your soul. Where your values are set.” —@JoeBiden
“As Scranton has always had my back, we—all of us—are going to have your back, Hillary.” —@JoeBiden
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246.

We’re hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
There’s no doubt about it—Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
Trump says he won’t tell anyone what he’ll do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan “secret.”

Well, the secret is he has no plan.
Providing a “Trump Kids Club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that can’t afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for  of Americans.
Trump's called for a new tax loophole—the Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
We’re going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt: 
Let's make sure nobody who works full-time in America has to live in poverty.  
If you can't pass this basic test, you don't deserve to be president. 
It's time we pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color. 
RT @SophiaBush: This is the America I believe in-Beautiful. Multifaceted. Loving. Inclusive. This is why I'm passionate …
If the United States wants to rebuild the middle class and creating millions of jobs, it must also fundamentally change trade policies.
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis—but he just made a spectacle of himself. 
RT @mic: .@HillaryClinton wrote for us about what millennials have taught her during this election:  …
The cost of higher education has skyrocketed. Here's how Hillary's plan will help students—and graduates—save money: 
RT @billmckibben: That guy @SenSanders is headed to his local  rally tomw--shouldn't you be finding out where yours is? …
Our message to young people must be clear: You will not be punished for growing up poor. If you work hard, you will get to go to college.
Like anyone who’s ever been home sick from work, I’m just anxious to get back out there. See you on the trail soon. -H
Thanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! I’m feeling fine and getting better. -H
Last night, Donald Trump said not paying taxes was "smart." You know what I call it? Unpatriotic. 
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer. 
It's great to be back on the campaign trail. 
RT @POTUS: Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for @HillaryClinton! Nobody has ever been more prepared to be @POTUS.
Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama.

And that didn't stop today. 
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)

RT @Hillary_esp: Según @NYTimes,Trump pudo haber contribuido menos para el ejército y las universidades que los inmigrantes indocumentados…
According to @NYTimes, Trump may contribute less to our military and college students than the undocumented immigrants he wants to deport.
We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
When Hillary and I say we're going to support small business families, we mean it. Why? We grew up in them.

RT @HoustonChron: We found it civically vital to reprint our recommendation for @HillaryClinton in 4 languages widely spoken here https://t…
When the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.
"El voto es más que un deber cívico – es un deber moral". Lee lacolumna de Tim Kaine sobre la importancia de votar. 
You want to know who wishes they hadn’t made a deal? All of the small business owners stiffed by Donald Trump. 
“This is not me just going through the motions here.

I really, really, really want to elect Hillary.” —@POTUS:… 
The same exact drug that sells for 66 cents a pill in Britain, costs Americans $750. That is greed pure and simple, and it must end.
NEWS: Sanders, Warren: Prioritize Life-Saving Drugs, Not Drugmakers’ Profits 
RT @Maggie_Hassan: It’s truly an honor to have a champion for middle class families like @BernieSanders supporting Maggie  https…
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
At a time of massive wealth inequality, it astonishes me that people on top get huge tax breaks while the middle class struggles to get by.
Trump on Alicia, 1996: "Miss Piggy."

This morning: "She gained a massive amount of  was a real problem." 
RT @POTUS: On International , we remain committed to providing what we all want for our daughters: a future of limitless possi…
Check out our new tool: Every time @realDonaldTrump tweets something offensive, automatically donate. 
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look: 
RT @BernieSanders: Progressive economists agree: @HillaryClinton's economic agenda will reduce inequality, raise wages and create jobs. htt…
I fear very much that, in fact, government of the people, by the people and for the people is beginning to perish in America.
Study after study shows the same thing: women make less than men for equal work, and women of color make even less. 
Trump’s idea of “law and order” is taking the demeaning and ineffective policy of stop-and-frisk national. 
"If a candidate regularly and flippantly makes cruel and insulting comments about 's who that candidate… 
My message to Donald Trump and Mike Pence.  
With 35 days left, Hillary's in PA talking about how she'll help kids and families. Join the conversation live → 
RT @timkaine: My message to Donald Trump and Mike Pence.  
Imagine Donald Trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. Mike Pence's record shows that it could happen. 
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump.

Follow @TheBriefing2016 for the fa… 
Tuesday night was hard. But there is important work ahead. 
This is America and we aren't going to throw out 11 million people who are undocumented. We’re not going to turn ag… 
RT @CNN: .@SenSanders: I will vigorously oppose Trump if he appeals to racism, sexism, or other discriminatory measures …
Millions of people are willing to put in 20 bucks, 30 bucks, 50 bucks, if there’s a Democratic Party to believe in.
The Democratic Party has to be focused on grassroots America and not wealthy people attending cocktail parties.
RT @wolfblitzer: I'll speak live w/ @SenSanders today in @CNNSitRoom at 5PM ET. We'll discuss President-Elect @realDonaldTrump and where we…
We can't be a party which cozies up to Wall Street, raises money from billionaires &amp; stands with working families. We've got to pick a side.
If Donald Trump takes people's anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare.
.@KeithEllison understands that the future of the Democratic Party has got to be grassroots activism. 
I don't think the political establishment and the billionaire class would like @KeithEllison as the DNC chair. Good. 
The next DNC chair must understand the dire need to listen to working families. Keith Ellison is that person. 
Too many Americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own.  
RT @JoeBiden: Joe and Hillary went home to Scranton. Take a behind-the-scenes look at their visit: 
RT @gzornick: .@BernieSanders Has a Plan to Fix the Trump-Friendly Tax Code 
RT @HillaryforNH: The stakes have never been higher. Join @BernieSanders tomorrow at Keene State to hear why—doors open at 1:00pm! https://…
@leedanielsent Thanks, Lee! Great to have you on this team. -H
Trump's words are more than bluster—they’re making an impression on our kids. 
Our reliance on fossil fuels isn't only disastrous for the environment, but disastrous for our financial well-being. 
RT @HillaryClinton: To everyone in the path of Hurricane Matthew: Stay safe, and know that America is with you. 
Our strength as a nation is in fact our diversity. We can disagree on the issues but we cannot respect a candidate who runs on bigotry.
RT @TIME: Senator Tim Kaine: "Everyone deserves affordable higher education" 
RT @ajplus: The Obama administration handed the Standing Rock Sioux a victory by halting the Dakota Access pipeline. 
It's a disgrace that while Americans were defrauded by Wells Fargo, the executive in charge received $124 million. 
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you. 
RT @TIME: Senator Tim Kaine: "Everyone deserves affordable higher education" 
The headline says it all.  
This choice couldn't be starker. 
I carry the values I learned in my dad's union-organized ironworking shop every day: Hard work should be honored. 
Working people and their unions resisted the oligarchs of their day, fought for a more responsive democracy and built the middle class.
.@iamwill Yes. 
It’s not just Donald Trump who doesn’t pay his fair share in taxes. 73% of Fortune 500 companies stash profits overseas to avoid taxes.
Watch Bernie live in Bangor, Maine: 
All over this country, one out of five Americans cannot afford their prescriptions. People are dying because they cannot afford medication.
RT @TheBriefing2016: “He is a stunning ignoramus on foreign policy and national security.” 
The man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. Do you trust him to run ours? 
This is scary stuff, above and beyond all else. We have a political party which has turned its back on science regarding climate change.
Mylan thinks we should just accept their price gouging and greed as normal. It isn't normal. It's an outrage. 
"Clinton’s proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in America.” 
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need: 
23 days left. Make sure you're registered and know where to go on Election Day:  
There are a lot of smart people in the  Congress but they don't have the guts to stand up and fight. @PramilaJayapal does!
Where does Trump get his talking points from? Often this alt-right conspiracy theorist, Alex Jones. (Watch all the… 
Why do drug companies charge so much? Because they can. They have outrageously high prices because nobody is stopping them in this country.
Proud to see Columbia, MD ranked the best place to live in America 
The kernel of my political views is that change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom on up.
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings Send Letter on ARIAD's Staggering Price Increases 
At last night's debate, Trump showed again and again that he doesn't have a clue about what makes America great. 
We have to take action on climate change and not wait around for the situation to get worse, until we wake up and realize it is too late.
RT @CUBoulder: Sen. Bernie Sanders visiting ’s Farrand Field for Amendment 69 event on 10/17. 
Meet six-year-old Jaylon and his mom—residents of Flint, Michigan, and friends of Hillary's: 
RT @HillaryClinton: The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place…
A lot of strong women have helped me in my career. I'm honored to serve as a strong woman's running mate.

81 years after its establishment, Social Security still represents the best of America—care for our most vulnerable. 
Staring contest. 
Election days come and go. But political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.
We are a nation of immigrants. Our story is about hard-working families coming to America to create a brighter future for our children.
The United States has about 5% of the world’s population, yet about 22% of its known prisoner population. We need radical reform.
We are seeing a multi-pronged attack on democracy. Anybody who is suppressing the vote is a political coward. 
Our criminal justice system is out of control. The number of African-Americans and Hispanics who are in jails is disproportionately high.
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $ an hour is a starvation wage.
Millions of seniors have to juggle their ability to buy food, medicine or heat. Those are not the choices seniors should be forced to make.
Today we have nearly 4 million American seniors who may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
If we look at the greatness of a nation in that respect, the sad truth is that the United States today does not get particularly high marks.
A nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us.
Democracy isn't about a handful of billionaires, like the Koch brothers or Sheldon Adelson, spending as much as they want to buy a race.
We need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot.
I'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.

In many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. That must change.
People should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $50,000, $100,000 or more.
I am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the United States Senate.
.@TulsiGabbard has been a great friend to our political revolution. Hawaiʻi – go out and vote for Tulsi today: 
RT @fightfor15: @BernieSanders Thank you for always being with us, Senator. You will always be  family.
RT @LukeRussert: Can we please recognize the state of ? Ledecky. Phelps. That's what Maryland does. ⛏👏🏾🇺🇸
RT @agarciapadilla: ¡Oro! ¡Muchas gracias @monicaace93!      
Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." 

You know what? We don't.

The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care.  
Yesterday, @ShotDiva made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put (@TeamUSA's first!). 
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning, @USABasketball. 
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it. 
This is what @realDonaldTrump would do to your state's economy. 
RT @johnpodesta: Farmers and ranchers are central to our economy, energy &amp; food security. Our plan to help:  https:/…
Only one candidate in this election has actual plans to help middle-class families:  
We will not allow people to divide us up. It is time to build a nation in which we all stand together.
If Trump stands by what he said about women as “locker room talk,” he's clearly not sorry. 
RT @nytopinion: He lied about a sex tape. He lied about tax rates. He lied about ISIS. 
RT @HillaryClinton: Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same. …
We win when working people come together – in the workplace, in peaceful demonstrations, and at the ballot box – and say, “No more.”
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." —@NYTimes endorsing Hillary… 
"We are building a wall. He's a Mexican!” —Donald Trump, June 3, 2016 
Private prisons are not cheaper or safer. They are just morally repugnant. 
America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the American people demand."
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn’t a luxury—it’s a necessity.
It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth.

We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and  will be the passion of my presidency." —Hillary
"You’re not intruders. You’re our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our  see you, and I am with you." —Hillary to @CHCI
“I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive, and it’s big enough for everyone to share its promise.” —Hillary to @CHCI
Hillary’s live at @CHCI. Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive America. 
It is a lot less expensive to provide jobs and education to our young people than to lock them up and to destroy their lives.
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Sen. McConnell's Decision to Block TPP 
RT @HillaryforMN: Our diversity is our strength. We are . —@MartinOMalley 
RT @HillaryforMN: I've worked with Hillary, and I've competed against her. And I can tell you she's ready for the job. —@MartinOMalley http…
RT @MinnesotaDFL: Gay, straight, young, old -- we're all in this together. @MartinOMalley at the  booth at the  https://t…
RT @tyleroakley: "human rights are women’s rights &amp; women’s rights are human rights." - @HillaryClinton  👸🏽👸🏿👸🏻👸🏾👸🏼 https…
Trump wants to bring NYC's old, unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policy—aka racial profiling—to a city near you. 
This country has already seen centuries of racism. The last thing we need is politicians promoting bigotry.
"A lifetime’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." —@NYTimes 
Millennials will lose $ trillion in lifetime income because of climate change. We cannot afford to do nothing.
RT @jtimberlake: Look WHO DID come over for  Wow.  
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book! 
