book! new Tim's and Hillary of copy signed a win to Enter Wow. for over come DID WHO Look @jtimberlake: RT nothing. do to afford cannot We change. climate of because income lifetime in trillion $ lose will Millennials —@NYTimes job." this for Clinton Hillary qualifies world real the in problems solving to commitment lifetime’s "A bigotry. promoting politicians is need we thing last The racism. of centuries seen already has country This you. near city a profiling—to racial policy—aka stop-and-frisk unconstitutional old, NYC's bring to wants Trump https… 👸🏽👸🏿👸🏻👸🏾👸🏼 @HillaryClinton - rights." human are rights women’s &amp; rights women’s are rights "human @tyleroakley: RT https://t… the at booth the at @MartinOMalley together. this in all we're -- old young, straight, Gay, @MinnesotaDFL: RT http… —@MartinOMalley job. the for ready she's you tell can I And her. against competed I've and Hillary, with worked I've @HillaryforMN: RT —@MartinOMalley . are We strength. our is diversity Our @HillaryforMN: RT TPP Block to Decision McConnell's Sen. Welcomes Sanders NEWS: lives. their destroy to and up them lock to than people young our to education and jobs provide to expensive less lot a is It America. inclusive an for vision her about hear to in Tune @CHCI. at live Hillary’s @CHCI to —Hillary promise.” its share to everyone for enough big it’s and alive, is Dream American the that heart my all with believe “I @CHCI to —Hillary you." with am I and you, see our friends, our colleagues, our neighbors, our You’re intruders. not "You’re —Hillary presidency." my of passion the be will and kids for fighting career: my began I way the campaign my close to intend "I jobs. good with Latinos more connect to got We've wealth. its of 2% only hold and population our of 17% are Latinos when wrong It's necessity. a luxury—it’s a isn’t care child affordable and days, sick earned leave, family paid with families Supporting demand." people American the what do—it’s to thing smart the just isn’t reform immigration comprehensive that show to chance a have "We home. get they when there be will dad or mom if knowing not morning every parents their to goodbye say to have should child No criminals. and rapists not are immigrants say, may Trump Donald what Despite way. certain a worship or look who people for just Not all. for justice and liberty with indivisible, God, under nation one is America repugnant. morally just are They safer. or cheaper not are prisons Private 2016 3, June Trump, —Donald Mexican!” a He's wall. a building are "We Hillary… endorsing —@NYTimes ideas." pragmatic of raft a and service of record a has Clinton, Hillary choice, "Our more.” “No say, and – box ballot the at and demonstrations, peaceful in workplace, the in – together come people working when win We … same. the do will who president a need We backs. their have to someone need who workers for up stand Unions @HillaryClinton: RT ISIS. about lied He rates. tax about lied He tape. sex a about lied He @nytopinion: RT sorry. not clearly he's talk,” room “locker as women about said he what by stands Trump If together. stand all we which in nation a build to time is It up. us divide to people allow not will We families: middle-class help to plans actual has election this in candidate one Only https:/… help: to plan Our security. food &amp; energy economy, our to central are ranchers and Farmers @johnpodesta: RT economy. state's your to do would @realDonaldTrump what is This it. protecting to recommit let's anniversary, 81st its On Security. Social from help get Americans million 59 @USABasketball. winning, Keep Auriemma. Coach said, Well first!). (@TeamUSA's put shot women's in medal gold her with history Olympic made @ShotDiva Yesterday, care. child quality on income its of 10% than more spend to have should family No -H America. in place no has act heinous of kind This heartbreaking. are Uddin Thara and Akonjee Maulama Imam of murders senseless The don't. We what? know You me." believe do, generals the than ISIS about more know "I says, Trump @monicaace93! gracias ¡Muchas ¡Oro! @agarciapadilla: RT ⛏👏🏾🇺🇸 does. Maryland what That's Phelps. Ledecky. ? of state the recognize please we Can @LukeRussert: RT family. be always will You Senator. us, with being always for you Thank @BernieSanders @fightfor15: RT today: Tulsi for vote and out go – Hawaiʻi revolution. political our to friend great a been has .@TulsiGabbard Senate. States United the of history the in legislation change climate comprehensive most the introduced have to proud am I more. or $100,000 $50,000, of debt student with punished not education, an getting for rewarded be should People change. must That transgender. being for housing someone deny to or gay being for someone fire to legal is it states, many In you. to do them have would you what others to do religions: great the all in exists which vision a by motivated I'm shot. or harassed be to going they're if about worry to having without street the down walk can people young that so reform police need We race. a buy to want they as much as spending Adelson, Sheldon or brothers Koch the like billionaires, of handful a about isn't Democracy us. among people vulnerable most the treats it how by but has it millionaires and billionaires many how by not judged is nation A marks. high particularly get not does today States United the that is truth sad the respect, that in nation a of greatness the at look we If today. food buy to money enough have not do they because tonight dinner skip may who seniors American million 4 nearly have we Today make. to forced be should seniors choices the not are Those heat. or medicine food, buy to ability their juggle to have seniors of Millions wage. starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job A high. disproportionately is jails in are who Hispanics and African-Americans of number The control. of out is system justice criminal Our coward. political a is vote the suppressing is who Anybody democracy. on attack multi-pronged a seeing are We reform. radical need We population. prisoner known its of 22% about yet population, world’s the of 5% about has States United The children. our for future brighter a create to America to coming families hard-working about is story Our immigrants. of nation a are We end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions social and political But go. and come days Election contest. Staring vulnerable. most our for America—care of best the represents still Security Social establishment, its after years 81 mate. running woman's strong a as serve to honored I'm career. my in me helped have women strong of lot A place… no has act heinous of kind This heartbreaking. are Uddin Thara and Akonjee Maulama Imam of murders senseless The @HillaryClinton: RT Hillary's: of friends and Michigan, Flint, of mom—residents his and Jaylon six-year-old Meet 10/17. on event 69 Amendment for Field Farrand ’s visiting Sanders Bernie Sen. @CUBoulder: RT late. too is it realize and up wake we until worse, get to situation the for around wait not and change climate on action take to have We great. America makes what about clue a have doesn't he that again and again showed Trump debate, night's last At Increases Price Staggering ARIAD's on Letter Send Cummings Sanders, NEWS: up. on bottom the from place takes always It down. top the from place takes never change that is views political my of kernel The America in live to place best the ranked MD Columbia, see to Proud country. this in them stopping is nobody because prices high outrageously have They can. they Because much? so charge companies drug do Why the… all (Watch Jones. Alex theorist, conspiracy alt-right this Often from? points talking his get Trump does Where does! @PramilaJayapal fight. and up stand to guts the have don't they but Congress the in people smart of lot a are There Day: Election on go to where know and registered you're sure Make left. days 23 need: they resources the have they sure make to is flooding terrible by affected Louisianans help to way best The America.” in children young treat we how revolutionize would proposals "Clinton’s outrage. an It's normal. isn't It normal. as greed and gouging price their accept just should we thinks Mylan change. climate regarding science on back its turned has which party political a have We else. all beyond and above stuff, scary is This ours? run to him trust you Do country. another to indebted deeply be may president next your be could who man The security.” national and policy foreign on ignoramus stunning a is “He @TheBriefing2016: RT medication. afford cannot they because dying are People prescriptions. their afford cannot Americans five of out one country, this over All Maine: Bangor, in live Bernie Watch taxes. avoid to overseas profits stash companies 500 Fortune of 73% taxes. in share fair his pay doesn’t who Trump Donald just not It’s Yes. .@iamwill class. middle the built and democracy responsive more a for fought day, their of oligarchs the resisted unions their and people Working honored. be should work Hard day: every shop ironworking union-organized dad's my in learned I values the carry I starker. be couldn't choice This all. it says headline The education" higher affordable deserves "Everyone Kaine: Tim Senator @TIME: RT you. save could plan college our much how see school, for preparing you're or debt student have you Whether million. $124 received charge in executive the Fargo, Wells by defrauded were Americans while that disgrace a It's pipeline. Access Dakota the halting by victory a Sioux Rock Standing the handed administration Obama The @ajplus: RT education" higher affordable deserves "Everyone Kaine: Tim Senator @TIME: RT bigotry. on runs who candidate a respect cannot we but issues the on disagree can We diversity. our fact in is nation a as strength Our you. with is America that know and safe, Stay Matthew: Hurricane of path the in everyone To @HillaryClinton: RT well-being. financial our for disastrous but environment, the for disastrous only isn't fuels fossil on reliance Our kids. our on impression an making bluster—they’re than more are words Trump's -H team. this on you have to Great Lee! Thanks, @leedanielsent https://… 1:00pm! at open why—doors hear to State Keene at tomorrow @BernieSanders Join higher. been never have stakes The @HillaryforNH: RT Code Tax Trump-Friendly the Fix to Plan a Has .@BernieSanders @gzornick: RT visit: their at look behind-the-scenes a Take Scranton. to home went Hillary and Joe @JoeBiden: RT own. their on it face to left been have illness mental with living Americans many Too person. that is Ellison Keith families. working to listen to need dire the understand must chair DNC next The Good. chair. DNC the as @KeithEllison like would class billionaire the and establishment political the think don't I activism. grassroots be to got has Party Democratic the of future the that understands .@KeithEllison nightmare. worst his be will we women, and Americans African Hispanics, Muslims, against it turns and anger people's takes Trump Donald If side. a pick to got We've families. working with stands &amp; billionaires from money raises Street, Wall to up cozies which party a be can't We we… where and @realDonaldTrump President-Elect discuss We'll ET. 5PM at @CNNSitRoom in today @SenSanders w/ live speak I'll @wolfblitzer: RT parties. cocktail attending people wealthy not and America grassroots on focused be to has Party Democratic The in. believe to Party Democratic a there’s if bucks, 50 bucks, 30 bucks, 20 in put to willing are people of Millions … measures discriminatory other or sexism, racism, to appeals he if Trump oppose vigorously will I .@SenSanders: @CNN: RT ag… turn to going not We’re undocumented. are who people million 11 out throw to going aren't we and America is This ahead. work important is there But hard. was night Tuesday fa… the for @TheBriefing2016 Follow Trump. real the know already we debate, tonight's at says Donald what matter No happen. could it that shows record Pence's Mike law. into signed rhetoric hateful most Trump's Donald Imagine Pence. Mike and Trump Donald to message My @timkaine: RT → live conversation the Join families. and kids help she'll how about talking PA in Hillary's left, days 35 With Pence. Mike and Trump Donald to message My candidate… that who 's about comments insulting and cruel makes flippantly and regularly candidate a "If national. stop-and-frisk of policy ineffective and demeaning the taking is order” and “law of idea Trump’s less. even make color of women and work, equal for men than less make women thing: same the shows study after Study America. in perish to beginning is people the for and people the by people, the of government fact, in that, much very fear I htt… jobs. create and wages raise inequality, reduce will agenda economic @HillaryClinton's agree: economists Progressive @BernieSanders: RT look: a Take families. working for up standing is race this in candidate one Only donate. automatically offensive, something tweets @realDonaldTrump time Every tool: new our out Check possi… limitless of future a daughters: our for want all we what providing to committed remain we , International On @POTUS: RT problem." real a was of amount massive a gained "She morning: This Piggy." "Miss 1996: Alicia, on Trump by. get to struggles class middle the while breaks tax huge get top on people that me astonishes it inequality, wealth massive of time a At Act. Standards Labor Fair the of architect an and member cabinet woman first our was Perkins Frances Labor of Sec. https… Maggie supporting @BernieSanders like families class middle for champion a have to honor an truly It’s @Maggie_Hassan: RT Profits Drugmakers’ Not Drugs, Life-Saving Prioritize Warren: Sanders, NEWS: end. must it and simple, and pure greed is That $750. Americans costs Britain, in pill a cents 66 for sells that drug exact same The —@POTUS:… Hillary.” elect to want really really, really, I here. motions the through going just me not is “This Trump. Donald by stiffed owners business small the of All deal? a made hadn’t they wishes who know to want You votar. de importancia la sobre Kaine Tim de lacolumna Lee moral". deber un es – cívico deber un que más es voto "El system. the rig further to class ruling the for easier much that becomes it suppressed, is minorities and poor the of vote the When https://t… here spoken widely languages 4 in @HillaryClinton for recommendation our reprint to vital civically it found We @HoustonChron: RT them. in up grew We Why? it. mean we families, business small support to going we're say I and Hillary When -H responders. and victims the of spirit tremendous and lives the honor let's Today, 2001. 11, September of horror the forget never We'll deport. to wants he immigrants undocumented the than students college and military our to less contribute may Trump @NYTimes, to According indocumentados… inmigrantes los que universidades las y ejército el para menos contribuido haber pudo @NYTimes,Trump Según @Hillary_esp: RT Manafort.) not It's (Hint: things? same the all saying keep Putin and Trump do Why today. stop didn't that And Obama. President about lies peddling years spent has Trump Donald @POTUS. be to prepared more been ever has Nobody @HillaryClinton! for sweep debate 3 for 3 Outstanding @POTUS: RT trail. campaign the on back be to great It's answer. real a had one Only injustice. racial confront they'd how about asked were candidates Both Unpatriotic. it? call I what know You "smart." was taxes paying not said Trump Donald night, Last -H better. getting and fine feeling I’m wishes! well with out reached who’s everyone to Thanks -H soon. trail the on you See there. out back get to anxious just I’m work, from sick home been ever who’s anyone Like college. to go to get will you hard, work you If poor. up growing for punished be not will You clear: be must people young to message Our … is? yours where out finding be you tomw--shouldn't rally local his to headed is @SenSanders guy That @billmckibben: RT money: graduates—save students—and help will plan Hillary's how Here's skyrocketed. has education higher of cost The … election: this during her taught have millennials what about us for wrote .@HillaryClinton @mic: RT himself. of spectacle a made just he crisis—but poisoning lead city's the to attention draw to Flint to went Trump policies. trade change fundamentally also must it jobs, of millions creating and class middle the rebuild to wants States United the If … passionate I'm why is This Inclusive. Loving. Multifaceted. in-Beautiful. believe I America the is This @SophiaBush: RT color. of people its of value the affirms that nation a into America transform that policies pursue we time It's president. be to deserve don't you test, basic this pass can't you If poverty. in live to has America in full-time works who nobody sure make Let's debt: student existing with struggling people of millions help and all for debt-free college make to going We’re managers. money Street Wall and millionaires, corporations, big to cuts tax in trillions give would Trump Donald companies. his of many from income on rate tax current the half than less pay He'd Loophole. Trump loophole—the tax new a for called Trump's Americans. of for nothing do would it but billion, $4 family Trump the save would It Tax. Estate the eliminate to wants Trump help. real no to little get would place first the in care child afford can’t that families hardworking plan, care child Trump's Under workers. your for care child real providing as thing same the not is customers paying your for Club” Kids “Trump a Providing plan. no has he is secret the Well, “secret.” plan his keep to wants he because ISIS about do he’ll what anyone tell won’t he says Trump @realDonaldTrump on —Hillary weapons.” nuclear with trust can you man a not is tweet a with bait can you man "A States. United the of president be to unqualified totally and unfit temperamentally is Trump it—Donald about doubt no There’s country. the across and Pennsylvania in here right organizers hiring We’re 47246. to JOIN text and phone your out Take —@JoeBiden Hillary.” back, your have to going us—are of we—all back, my had always has Scranton “As —@JoeBiden set.” are values your Where soul. your into stamped it’s where stamped, is character your where is "Home —@JoeBiden equal.” your is everyone and you, than worthy more is one “No —@JoeBiden ok.” be gonna is say…everything and eye the in child your look you…can of one every sure making is about all Hillary’s "What 'possibilitie… — word single one in defined be can America and and dignity with treated be to entitled is "Everyone @JoeBiden: RT —@JoeBiden Clinton.” Hillary is that and you, who election this in person one only “There’s . to can we that all do must We well-documented. and abundant are TPP the of dangers The … plan. ISIS actual Trump's Donald is this that surprising be 't that whatever Given @TheBriefing2016: RT doesn't. clearly who Trump, —Donald generals." the than ISIS about more know "I people, LGBT color, of people women, *Except Trump* —Donald people." the of all for president a be will "I … President. as him Imagine candidate. a only he's and -- kids our on effect an having already is Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT this. say fact, in did, You president. be to vision or temperament, discipline, the have doesn't Trump Donald saying are people Many corporations'? or rights, Americans' protect they Will justices. Court Supreme three to up appoint could president next The buildings. three last his of two for steel Chinese bought he workers—but American hurting steel Chinese and trade on tough talks Trump h… steel. US use always doesn't himself He US. the in manufacturing steel revive he'll promises Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT team. Hillary's on be to ever than prouder you're if this RT disgrace. international an He's POWs. and families star gold attacks but Al-Assad, Bashar and Putin defends .@realDonaldTrump xenophobia and sexism, racism, stoke @realDonaldTrump like cowards because ever than more divided is nation Our democracy our destroy money unaccountable let to continue will @realDonaldTrump United. Citizens overturn will .@HillaryClinton real. Get terrorists? fighting are they like acts he And citizens. Syrian killing They're ISIS? killing are Syria and Russia says Donald skin! Thin answers. his on getting he's time much how about moderators the to whining keeps Trump disabilities? with people women, Muslims, Americans, African immigrants, trash he does why so Americans, ALL to devoted be he'll says Donald like. looks tweetstorm 3 of kind my what is This us. divide not people unite She’ll effective. be will agree—Hillary aisle the of sides both from colleagues Senate My Court. Supreme the to comes it when especially years, 40 next the for election an years—it’s 4 next the for election an isn’t This revolution. energy clean a AND independence, energy prices, lower got We’ve Obama?” by siege “under is energy thinks Donald China. not and Ohio or Pennsylvania from steel buy should right—Donald Hillary's people. American the on focused Hillary Hillary. on focused Donald tonight. won who question No … . that. understands @HillaryClinton strength. our is It weakness. a not is diversity Our @EllisonCampaign: RT vote." the out get to time "It’s Philadelphia: in trail the on @TimKaine and Hillary Join left. days 17 Just pattern. a of part horrifying—but That’s election. the of outcome the accept he'll if say wouldn't Trump life. with forward moving from back people holding it's and economy, our on drag major a is debt Student issues? these about talking Trump Donald isn’t Why important. incredibly are college of cost the and debt Student solutions. attacks—not are “college” and debt” “student of mentions top the shows website Trump’s of search quick A you: help would plan her how See issues. these tackle to plan a has race this in candidate one Only it. protect to fighting is @GovernorVA friend my that proud I'm and precious, is vote to right The abortion to right woman's a on —@TimKaine women." American trust "We … soon! you See Madison! in today crowd up fired a to forward looking are @BernieSanders and Russ @russfeingold: RT democracy. not That's elections. sway to want they as much as spend to billionaires enables decision United Citizens disastrous The —Trump money." about idea an has who it running somebody had country this time about "It's … time. the at it “loved” you like Looks Trump —Donald job." good a do didn't he "Maybe nationwide. program stop-and-frisk unconstitutional York’s New bring to going not are We Debate Presidential First The In Charge Took Clinton Hillary How @BuzzFeedBen: RT prisons. private end and system justice criminal our in racism systemic the address to got We’ve all. it says much pretty order" and law need "we just is injustice racial about question a to answer Trump's that fact The safe. families keeping than lobby gun the to pandering with concerned more is Trump Donald lie. complete a Still it. admit to refusing for reason one has only Trump American. He’s States. United the in born was Obama President president." Being for? prepared I else what know You debate. this for preparing for me criticized just "Trump nothing." say "I theory? conspiracy birther racist the pushing of years five his for answer Trump's Donald … discrimination. for sued being Trump Donald to led that practices business the of one just is This @TheBriefing2016: RT be. he'd president of kind what of idea an you giving he's birtherism, pushes &amp; tenants black against discriminating for sued is man a When high. go we low, goes Trump Donald When times 6 bankruptcy declare workers, stiff record: business @realDonaldTrump criminals abusers, domestic terrorists, from away guns keep will that reforms safety gun sense common supports .@HillaryClinton up/apologize. man should He years. for led he birtherism racist the of bc tonight stage on only is @realdonaldtrump truth: Hard years. 30 past the over times 3,500 than more sued been has Trump Donald but record world a it's if know don't I paid. got never and Trump for worked who americans class working by filed were lawsuits these of Many of. more needs country the what Just bankers. Street Wall are aids economic top 13 his of 7 people. working for up stand will Trump yeah, Oh reform. justice criminal real need We disgrace. a is This people. million country. any than jail in people more has US The effort. racist a - movement" "birther the in leadersip his been has behavior Trump's of disgraces great the of One disgraceful! Absolutely "phony." a and "fraud" a is Trump right: he's but @MittRomney with agree often don't I Americans. fellow of imprisonment the off profits make not should Corporations disgrace. a are prisons Private right: is .@HillaryClinton hypocrite! a What @POTUS. delegitimize to attempted efforts birther his when Americans African about concerns express Trump dare How favor. a country the did he says Trump now presidency Obama's delegitimize to trying After crazy. is This same. the do should Donald candidates. of years 40 last the and Hillary did So returns. tax our released I and Anne nationwide. program stop-and-frisk unconstitutional York’s New bring to going not are We @HillaryClinton: RT homework. her does she that it’s @HillaryClinton, about know I thing one there’s If keeps: Trump company the of some Here's keep. they company the by person a about lot a learn can You there! you see to Hope Democrats. and @HillaryClinton for campaign to tomorrow back coming I'm friends: IA oligarchy. an is that democracy, a not is That breaks. tax receive then and cash of piles donate billionaires These survive. to need they medicine the afford cannot literally People hazard. health own its become has prescriptions of cost rising The war. that in hurt were who people those of care taking is war of cost The war. of cost a are that guns and tanks and planes just not It’s possible. as profit much as make to is goal only whose companies insurance of whims the upon dependent be to continue cannot health Our Americans. all for care health to access ensuring than profits huge making with concerned more are Aetna like companies insurance Health jail. into go people more and more seeing by profit a making be should corporations that think don’t I unacceptable. is that world the in country richest the In medicine. their affording time difficult a have people four in One States: United the of president for choice best the is .@HillaryClinton @WIRED: RT nominate. would Trump Donald that justices Court Supreme the about think to moment a Take $600. than more families cost should make, to dollars few a just Mylan costs which EpiPen, an reason no There's Karla's. like families up breaking about talking he's plan, deportation mass his about talks Trump When @HFA: RT environment. the &amp; workers harming while 1%, top the reward to rules the rigged have corporations how is This violence. unspeakable fled have who families up locking of business inhumane the in be not should government The days. 100 over for mothers up lock not – deserve they respect and dignity compassion, the with families these treat should We nothing. almost families working giving wealthy—while the for cut tax a just really is "plan" care child Trump's to wanted but late little so morning all practice at Was @KingJames: RT hard… and work hard respecting about learned I where That's City. Kansas in shop ironworking union a owned Al dad My … it: fight to can we all do to need We society. a as are we who of heart the to right cuts discrimination Housing @timkaine: RT health. public protect to ability our threaten and environment the harm jobs, American cost will TPP The stopped. be must It TPP. disastrous the on forward pushing continue to decision president's the by disappointed am I beyond. and Congress of session lame-duck the during TPP the on vote a oppose and Clinton Hillary join to leaders Democratic for time It's said. he What didn't. you No, … exact. be to trillion $ national the to significantly add would plan tax Trump's @TheBriefing2016: RT famine. &amp; violence fleeing families &amp; children women, to doors our slam ever never, should We @HillaryClinton. Bravo Trump: Donald of think I what Here's War. Iraq opposed he that claim on wrong Trump Donald Factcheck: @HillaryClinton. advice, Good refugees. on right more be couldn’t Hillary children.” and women on door the slam won't I but people, dangerous in let won't "I country. this in leave family paid need We work. from day a take can't she because school to child sick their send to have should mother No registered:… you're sure Make Hillary. for voted she 103, at Yesterday, vote. couldn't women born, was Ruline When year. a $199,000 almost to drug leukemia a of price the raised has Ariad unbelievable. is greed corporations' Drug -H it. protecting to recommit let's adoption, Amendment's 19th the of anniversary the On vote. to right the win to fought women Countless pipeline. Access Dakota the stop to nations tribal other many and Tribe Sioux Rock Standing the with join must We her. for fight to need we now and families, and children for fighting life her spent has .@HillaryClinton properties. Trump in welcome not were you color, wrong the was skin your If America! of States United the have can't you But time, air free your have can you - say I @realDonaldTrump To three. all won still Hillary lies. 137 told Trump Donald debates, presidential three last the Over counted: We Period. America. of history modern the in president for run to candidate dangerous most the is Trump Donald https://t.… 🐣 mind in generation next the with @HillaryClinton for vote to excited me makes reading @tyleroakley: RT generation. every by fought be must It event. one-time a not is rights our for struggle The steadiness. solid rock absolute, steadiness—an is Commander-in-Chief and president a in quality important most The Street. Wall on model business the still is fraud economy, the crashed banks too-big-to-fail after years Seven sure. for know won't voters returns, tax his releases he Until taxes? in share fair his pay actually Trump Does Saturday. this trail the on pal new a Met tenants. black to rent to refusing for Department Justice the by sued was he business, in starting was Trump When wealth. family of three-quarters holds 10% top the and wealth, of 1% holds America in families of half bottom the when wrong Something’s public. American the from hiding he's things of list laundry a of part are records medical detailed Trump's this. of part a be to 47246 to TOGETHER is democracy our in Participation all. it says that preview A stamp! Forever® a with of Festival Hindu joyous honor will USPS fall, This @USPS: RT them. released hasn't still He so!" doing in problem no have "I records: medical detailed releasing on Trump classroom. the in you See House! Open Fellows the Meet @GUPolitics for up showed who students the all to Thanks family. their for food provide to struggling be not should week a hours 40 working is who Someone syst… the Transform pipelines. more No Ground. in It Keep 2) Rights American Native Respect 1) @SenSanders: from word The @billmckibben: RT pipleline. Access Dakota the to no saying in united stand we today So nature. destroy to continue we if survive not will species Our people. American Native the to listen must We analysis. cultural &amp; environmental full a pipeline Access Dakota the give must Obama President http… now. act to needs Congress emergency. health public a crisis, Zika the of urgency highlighting Beach Miami from News @sarajacobs89: RT https://… how: Here's America. in education higher of transformation long-awaited a about bring will plan college Hillary’s @mayaharris_: RT … Zika: from millions protecting than flag Confederate the protecting and @PPFA defunding about more cares GOP @sarajacobs89: RT system. single-payer a toward move to need we why exactly are exchanges health of out pull to @Aetna's like Threats Exchanges Insurance Health from Withdraw to Decision Aetna's on Statement Sanders NEWS: yours? are Where @realDonaldTrump. returns, tax my released Just @timkaine: RT it. of proud And @timkaine: RT Trump?" for interference run to order in lied repeatedly he after success a as debate the on back look [Pence] "Can @russfeingold: with Madison in live Bernie Watch Senate. States United the in side my by back @russfeingold have to wait cannot I Janelle. ask could you friend, a as like Hillary's what wondered ever you've If process. political our into morality inject to have we but idea, radical a is this know I it. afford cannot they because care medical skip to forced be should America of States United the in one No Hillary on —@POTUS her." with be to got you've then democracy, our about serious you're "If same. the graduates college treat can treat to stand can we think I rates. interest low extremely with Street Wall out bailed Fed The unwritten. be can't story origin That figure. political a into star TV reality ordinary an from Trump turned what is lie birther The undone. be Can't career. his in early tenants black against discriminating to led that beliefs innate same the from stems birtherism Trump’s people. American the to and President, the to Apologize mistakes. his to up own life, his in once for do: should Trump What @… on jury &amp; judge himself appointed again Trump theory, conspiracy racist a pushing of years for regret zero Expressing @HillaryClinton: RT attac… Trump who president the to service" great a "did it say to Attempting deplorable. is movement birther the Leading @HillaryClinton: RT htt… lying. is he America, in born was @POTUS that denying for blame deflect to tries Trump When @HillaryClinton: RT ht… glue." you're rubber, "I'm it call Kids "projecting." it call Psychologists others. on faults his turns Trump Again, @HillaryClinton: RT wor… doesn’t It done. you’ve things worst the did else someone say to get just don’t You said: be to have shouldn't This @HillaryClinton: RT can't… He president. American African first the undermining at aimed conspiracy racist a peddling years spent has Trump @HillaryClinton: RT can't… story origin That figure. political a into star TV reality ordinary an from Trump turned what is lie birther The @HillaryClinton: RT car… his in early tenants black against discriminating to led that beliefs innate same the from stems birtherism Trump’s @HillaryClinton: RT peo… American the to and President, the to Apologize mistakes. his to up own life, his in once for do: should Trump What @HillaryClinton: RT how: Here's —Hillary jobs." energy clean of millions creating while planet our save can "We president. for running who’s somebody not remarks, stupid making grade third the in boys school understand can I 2016. is This there! you see to Hope @AlamedaCoDem! and @HillaryClinton for campaign to tonight coming I'm friends: California compassion. with lead to us encouraged he ago, year a Congress visited @Pontifex When —@POTUS: Clinton.” Hillary electing into really am I say, just I "Can business. small a grow and start to easier it making means Dream American the live to easier it Making booth! @MinnesotaDFL 's @ yours Get fans. biggest @HillaryClinton's of some by worn shirts the out Check Congress in dysfunction end to work will &amp; equality marriage safety, gun on leader proven a is .@Terri_Bonoff … day every rights women's for work who Marylander) a (and Minnesotans with celebrated We @MinnesotaDFL: RT listen: a Have Anne. wife my on bragging was podcast campaign the on being about parts favorite my of One decent… a be to have just You right.' not 'That’s say, to father or husband a be to have don’t "You video: Trump on Obama @DavidNakamura: RT are. they way the exactly perfect are kids LGBT less. with up end yet more spend we system, care health high-priced our in simply, Quite hoax." "a just it's Trump, to but face, we threats biggest the of one is change Climate → ahead get everyone helps that economy inclusive an building for plan her share Hillary Watch Orlando: from Live intolerable. become to needs it and unbearable, It’s officers. police by killed Americans African of list long a to add to names two have We reform. to committed are and honor and courage with day every serve many so officers—but police of targeting the seen also We've healthy. and safe up grow to chance the kids our all give and trust, build violence, stop tide, the turn to together come to need We you. take will dreams your as far as go to chance the have should are, you who or like look you what matter no person, every America, In future. our and country our shortchange we dreams, their and them shortchange only not we off, them write or out people leave we When color. of communities in under-investment including racism, systemic down break to got we’ve reason another is economy inclusive an Building couldn’… you do, could others that things essential Basic, life. entire your defined it disability, a had you if ago, long that Not @HFA: RT school. in weren't disabilities with kids why out find to was school law of out jobs first Hillary's of One @HFA: RT up. other each lift and other each for out look to have all We alone. life through gets us of None get… both could Republicans and Democrats that one was everyone to belong spaces public and workplaces that notion the and ADA The @HFA: RT that. fix to have We workplace. the in aren’t disabilities with adults of 60% Over respect. with them treats and fairly, them rewards work, their values disabilities, with people welcomes that economy an build to got We’ve benefits. &amp; pay same the for jobs same the do disabilities—to without those alongside work to chance the deserve disabilities with Americans behind. left previously have we who those especially beings, human fellow our treat we how is society our of test ultimate The another. one in faith our from comes strength Our it. after go and challenge, the take is, opportunity the what wonder and day every up wake to got You’ve America. corporate of much and Street Wall on take to prepared are you unless frankly, needs, country this that changes the make can't One h… election: this for move the is @HillaryClinton of endorsement his and @KingJames backing Why @clevelanddotcom: RT suffered.… have families these loss the for breaks heart My unacceptable. is violence with officers police Targeting families. working not wealthy, very the for works It fraud. a is economics trickle-down that overwhelming is evidence the think I broug… be must terrorists The families. victims' the to go prayers my and Jerusalem in attack today's condemn strongly I @HillaryClinton: RT it: on build Let's fear. without live to people undocumented 700,000 than more helped has DACA in, years Four yesterday! elections primary Vermont their winning for Pollina Anthony and Ashe Tim Pearson, Chris staff former my of Proud jobs. good-paying of millions years, of period a over creating, means also It planet. the save to trying about just not is energy Renewable Trump. and Hillary comparing no there's plans, policy to comes it When president. be can guy this way No regressive. and reckless both are plans policy Donald's won. She matter. words But talk." room "locker as women groping about comments his dismissed Trump Tonight, president. become to were he if Imagine security. national our undermining is alone candidacy Trump's marriage. gay against is Trump Donald ICYMI: @PolitiFact: RT security. national about thing a know doesn’t Trump Donald that reminder a needed you case In @TheBriefing2016: RT here: it Read undocumented. are who people young to letter open an wrote Hillary 47246… to LAWYERS Text @MrJoshCharles. Sorry, actors. not students—but law and lawyers for job important an have We —Hillary campaign." this in rhetoric racist and bigotry out calling stop won't "I sticker: free a get and midnight by in Chip goal. fundraising August our reaching from away million still We're president next the Elect 3. challenges daily Complete 2. app our Download 1. @HFA: RT here: it Read 2020. by America in home every power to energy renewable enough generate to plan a have I and Hillary … are.” you who you tell will I and walk, you whom with me “Tell says, that proverb Mexican old an There’s @HillaryforAZ: RT NC. in today rights voting for win Big matter. don't they them telling like is vote to someone for harder it Making —@FLOTUS to." up look can kids our president a be will "Hillary coded. as across come doesn't language Trump's groups, hate To in. sink this Let @TheBriefing2016: RT again.” hate America “make remains message real his but again," great America "make to wants he says Trump well. as justice economic for fight to inspired stay must we issues, progressive on made been has that progress the all After https:… problem price EpiPen the solve won't card' 'savings Mylan's Why Whac-A-Mole: price Drug @Carolynyjohnson: RT measures:… full but measures, half Not system. justice criminal our in reform end-to-end need We medication their afford can't they because die Americans while package, compensation big get executives and profits huge make companies Drug president. elected he’s if security national our compromise would ties business and financial of web global Trump's here: episode full the Stream Her. With podcast campaign new the of preview a for play Press voters. of millions registers and veto absurd this overturn to votes legislature state IL the that hope much very I … script the Follow 3. state a Pick 2. to Go 1. easy! is Hillary for calls Making @timkaine: RT income. of regardless – college to go can college, to go to wants who country this in American qualified every that sure make to got have We Earth. on country greatest the we're why That's us. divides than us unites that more much so is There how: Here's better. do to have We do. many too far yet poverty, in up grow to have ever should child No campaign. his run to organization "news" right-wing extreme, an of head the hired just Trump Donald Hillary's: under jobs gain could and VA) in 88,676 (including plan Trump’s under jobs lose could state Every p… accounts, multiple open unnecessarily to customers get to pressure immense under you're and bank a at work you If … chief in commander be to self-obsessed’ fact-challenged, volatile, ’emotionally too is Trump Kaine: Tim @postpolitics: RT House. White the in again it do to Hillary with work I'll and VA in on them took I bit. one me scare doesn't NRA The here: Watch service. national for opportunities expand to plan her on Florida in speaking Hillary’s lifetimes. our in election important most the in left days 39 Just 8. November &amp; now between days 39 just are There it. achieve we how and kids our for want we future of kind what things: two to down comes race This know. we America vibrant strong, the resembles way no in that nation—one broken hopeless, a described and convention his at up stood Trump happen. it make to together worked have people because been always has achieved ever we’ve that thing good Every work. to get and sleeves our up roll we fixing, needs that something see we When doers. Americans—we’re about things best the of one is This world. the in happen good something making toward work yourself—to than bigger something of part a be to great feels it serve, you However c… to able be should Everyone do. can security financial and time of lots with people only something becomes volunteering often Too @HFA: RT serv… their through earn volunteers that scholarship the double and 250,000 to volunteers annual 75,000 from @AmeriCorps grow We'll @HFA: RT —Hillary 55.” of age the over Americans to go slots @AmeriCorps of 10% that sure make to intend "I @HFA: RT there: be to chance the for now in Chip debate. presidential first the for stage on walk will Hillary week, Next same. the do to able be should government Our down. costs keep to behalf citizens' their on companies drug with negotiate nations major Most awaits. sentence death a where countries to back families deport not must We agree. professors law 100 Over had. ever we've best the of one she's why see You'll state. of secretary as record Hillary's at look a Take @ProgressIowa people. our of all – people it’s – money isn’t economy Our shot. fair a and voice a need who children to commitment life-defining lifelong, a made has .@HillaryClinton @ProgressIowa -- Kaine Tim Clinton, Hillary … NH. in says @BernieSanders " pathological a is he that just not is Trump Donald for dislike "My @DannyEFreeman: RT believe. I what and do I what that's life-- entire my done I've something is lines picket on workers with Standing family. my are Unions word. the spread to RT facts. the to accountable Trump hold help can you so debate tonight's during @TheBriefing2016 Follow lifelo… —Hillary's book." Drew Nancy next the of thinking just were of September since Hillary known "I've … man" ignorant an is "This PTSD: on comments Trump's Donald criticizes Biden Joe @CNNPolitics: RT Graham. Lindsey Sen. Republican That’s talking. me not That’s bigot.” religious xenophobic, race-baiting, “a called been has Trump that. of proud very be should We immigrants. of daughters and sons the of up made is country, our country, This sell." cross cross-sell, cross-sell, is Fargo Wells of foundation whole the "That's Trump: Donald "billionaire" as same the paid you if taxes income federal in pay you'd much how See tool! new our Try seeing. are we what is that country this over all But vote. the suppress to trying governors Republican cowardly about not is Democracy 8th: November on win her help to in Chip tonight. won Hillary … Commander-in-Chief. be to prepared is who race this in candidate only the is she that tonight showed .@HillaryClinton @GabbyGiffords: RT … presidential. or poised more been have not could She @HillaryClinton. with stand to proud so am I @CecileRichards: RT b… to takes it what has who candidate only the she's that again, once proved, just she And fighter. a is .@HillaryClinton @MartinOMalley: RT fo… is he ill-suited disastrously how showed Trump maturity. intelligence, judgment, on debate this won @HillaryClinton @RNicholasBurns: RT … imploded totally Trump Donald because mostly , second the won Clinton Hillary @mic: RT … tonight Clinton, Hillary on Trump —Donald fighter" a she's up, give doesn't she quit, doesn't "She @literally_trump: RT POTUS. be to takes it what has who candidate only the she's that again, once proved, just she And fighter. a is .@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump by embarrassed is Rex, dog, My 8th: November on win her help to in Chip tonight. won Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT poorer. gets else everyone virtually and richer getting keep rich the when wrong profoundly something is There U. Trump at "course" estate real a funds—by college kids' his retirement, savings—his his of out scammed was George president.” female first America’s of election the celebrate who girls to example worthy a prove will Clinton "Ms. "dummies." or "losers" so-called any veterans—and women, immigrants, Latinos, Muslims, Americans, African for Except nation. our of bedrock a considered widely now is it yet and ago, long that all not radical considered once was wage minimum a of idea The Simone! done, Well golds. 4 win to @USAGym from woman first the as history in spot a landed @Simone_Biles Today, families. of 80% than more help That'll $125,000/year. under making families for tuition-free universities and colleges in-state make We’ll free. tuition completely college community a attending make to need We all-too-common. are worries .@sspiderboy's housing. and books like costs other for pay students help to need we so tuition, at end doesn't college for Paying one: attending anyone—from @_bxddxss—or prevent never should HBCUs attending of cost The borrowed. already have who @jbrotherston like those help and crisis debt student the tackle to need also We 6:48 @ WATCH fear. stoke to use fascists playbook divide&amp;conquer of arch-practitioner the is .@realDonaldTrump 6:48 at WATCH records med or returns tax released hasn't He @realdonaldtrump. for transparency on standard Double box. ballot the at disenfranchised being are they if government their in injustices the change cannot Americans Ordinary Marlee. - reports media recent to response My @MarleeMatlin: RT we… @PPFA, defund to going aren't We women. of millions to care health provided has Parenthood Planned years 100 For ourselves. as neighbors our and God love should we that belief the and faith my in rooted is politics My —Hillary will.” all you hope I And registered. are you sure make to to go can "You had." ever we've turnout biggest the have could We election. this in turnout record-setting a have may "We poverty. in living be not should you hard, work you When —Hillary Trump.” Donald with contract a had never dad my glad really "I’m —Hillary care.” child on income their of 10% than more pay to have should family any that think don’t "I Trump on —Hillary president." be never should who One homes? their losing families million 9 for root to want would person a of kind "What b… to prepared she’s clear it made other The debate. night’s last for prepared wasn’t he clear it made candidate One —Hillary matter." words but saying, he's what unclear It's incoherent. dangerously is opponent my from hear we "What vote. to register &amp; billionaires the to up Stand vote. to us want doesn't class billionaire the mistake: no Make Hillary's: to next them put We too. matter "plans" policy his day—but every almost things disqualifying says Trump rights. civil our affects election 2016 the how explains .@TimKaine @ComplexMag: RT system. the rig further to class ruling the for easier much that becomes it suppressed, is minorities and poor the of vote the When … Beast: Daily The in op-ed My Fargo. Wells with start Let’s industry. banking the up clean to have We @keithellison: RT hom… stay to afford can’t often who workers wage low for leave sick paid guarantee not to issue health public a It’s kids. our for leave to want we nation of kind what and other, each treat we how are, we who about is election This “genius.” a him makes taxes paying not that bragging is campaign Trump’s Trump Donald to “NO” Say to Reasons Four response: @MarlonDMarshall's him. for voting by lose to has community American African the what asked Trump … -&gt; here more Read taxes. dodging also it's EpiPen, its gouging price is Mylan While @4TaxFairness: RT discrimination. housing for investigated was Trump segregation. school expose to working was Hillary 70s: the In system. energy our transform to forward move us let And rights. American Native Respect pipeline. Access Dakota the Stop … today. registered you're sure make and to Go away. month one than less is Day Election @timkaine: RT care." does really who woman a is "This top. on those to went profits and down gone have benefits and wages their productive, more become have workers as that acceptable not is It phone. your to straight debate tonight's from updates latest the all Get desperation of act latest Trump's on @jmpalmieri from Statement @creynoldsnc: RT . say to proud more been Never https://… projects: high-debt for him pay taxpayers meaning - rates tax negative means shelter tax Debt" of "King new Trump's @mpshapiro: RT Pharma. Big to up stand to courage the have not does Congress because need they medication the without go to have not should People → @UofNH at @BernieSanders and Hillary with all for affordable college making on conversation live a for in Tune stu… in dollars of thousands of tens with saddled being not future, the about excited school leave to people young want I @BernieSanders: RT as… @HillaryClinton elect we that imperative is It country. this of future the for important enormously is election This @BernieSanders: RT —Hillary campaign.” this in support your and leadership your for you Thank @BernieSanders. you, "Thank @BernieSanders: with campaign primary her on —Hillary insults.” not issues, about campaign a ran “We —Hillary families.” and kids for career…fighting my started I way the campaign my close to going "I’m college: to going of part hardest the be shouldn’t college for Paying everyone. for debt-free and families working for tuition-free colleges public make should We https:… → @UofNH at @BernieSanders and Hillary with all for affordable college making on conversation live a for in Tune @HillaryClinton: RT free. tuition college making about talk must We 1-12. grades about talk to enough longer no is it education public about talk we When debt. student in dollars of thousands of tens with saddled being not future, the about excited school leave to people young want I percent. 1 the for breaks tax about talk to friends his and Trump for disgraceful is it inequality, income massive have we when time a At president. next our as @HillaryClinton elect we that imperative is It country. this of future the for important enormously is election This —Hillary campaign.” this in support your and leadership your for you Thank @BernieSanders. you, "Thank @HillaryClinton: RT college. to go can kid your income, of regardless well, does and hard studies kid your if says: on worked I and @HillaryClinton plan The here: Watch candidly. speak @HillaryClinton &amp; @MaryJBlige now. Get @AppleMusic: RT expanding… incl service natl through ppl young employ &amp; empower to plan bold a introduced @HillaryClinton Thrilled out: it Check today. Instagram our to keys the had @JoeBiden President Vice cancer. with diagnosed are you because bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In him: Join tomorrow. Fayetteville to headed He's ➡️ Asheville. in @TimKaine having loved We @HillaryforNC: RT deal!… real the is @timkaine running-mate @HillaryClinton's yet. one favorite my is of episode new the @tyleroakley: RT https://… her about most admire I things the of one @ChildDefender—it's at justice social for fighting was job first Hillary's @timkaine: RT average. on debt in $13,000 were percent 25 bottom the in families but 2013, in million $4 was percent 10 top the of wealth average The $32,000. of indebtedness average an with 2013, in debt in were families million 15 of total A … condition. pre-existing a of because away turned ever aren't Jude like kids so ACA the for fight to going We're @timkaine: RT taxes income paying not @realDonaldTrump by ‘disgusted’ is he @jaketapper tells .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT t… have We us. of all to rebuke a color—is of women transgender face—particularly Americans transgender violence The Uni… Harwood entire the and families the to condolences our offer and tragedy this by saddened deeply are I and Jane inco… federal in paid companies entire their what than higher salaries had 2013 in CEOs paid highest America's of 29 Hillary on —@POTUS other.” each demonize can't we this, as diverse and big as democracy a in that knows "She —@POTUS us.” of all on depends person—it one on depend just doesn’t it but possible, is "Change —@POTUS hope.” of politics the again up lift can You fear. of politics the reject to chance a have "You —@POTUS everything.” is answer The lose?’ to have you do ‘What is, argument closing Trump’s "Donald vote: to ready you're sure Make —@POTUS ballot." the on is years 8 last these made we've progress the "All service. national about tweet to any as time a good As 3:20am. It's 250,000. to members annual 75,000 from it expand Let's Horrible! spots. than applications @AmeriCorps more thousands of hundreds are There burden. that lighten &amp; JUDGMENT GOOD use Let's loans. student of because @Peacecorps like programs on up pass people young talented many Too down. other each tear not up, other each lift should We broken. and hopeless as America describe who haters the believe don't Remember, together. stronger we're Because others. help to call the answering reconsider you'll hope service, public knocking people few those For change:… to needs That family. and work balance to women many too for impossible almost it make We … plan: inspire help dad her from Lessons @HillaryClinton. for personal it's , to comes it When @rhettbuttle: RT gap. pay the close to Time earnings. 2015 men's white to up catch to today until women black takes it average, On yet… peddle to continues and case jogger Park Central the on wrong is he admit to refuses Trump clear: are facts The family: your and you impacted have they how know me Let years. recent in skyrocketed have prices Drug … Earth. on country greatest the we're why That's us. divides than us unites that more much so is There @HillaryClinton: RT @PostEverything via me." stiffed he Then pianos. of worth $100,000 Trump sold "I @washingtonpost: RT American. every for affordable college make we how discuss @HillaryClinton and Bernie WATCH: ET. 11:35pm at in Tune @JonBatiste. with @colbertlateshow the at behind-the-scenes Jamming -H Bill! birthday, Happy side. my by you have to happier be couldn’t I later, years 45 stake: at what's Here's days. 21 in make we choice the on hinges Court Supreme the of fate The o… vote the protect help to 47246 to LAWYERS text and @MrJoshCharles to Listen students: law and lawyers all Calling us. of all for decisions making Room Situation the in him picture policy, foreign about talk Trump hear you Whenever diplomacy. of school Trump the in study case a trip: wall Mexico disastrous The know." don’t “I run: is bank his how about questions my to answer common most his and @WellsFargo of CEO the is Stumpf Mr @keithellison: RT resto… it's Hoping power. have don't who families of millions the and Rico Puerto in outage the about concerned Very goal: that achieve can we how Here's care. child on income its of 10% than more spend should family No —… States.” United the of president next the Clinton Hillary make to out hearts our work to going “We’re in: Tune Hampshire. New in trail the hit @ElizabethForMA and Hillary go, to days 15 With Hampshire New in —@ElizabethForMA House!” White the to Clinton Hillary send to going that’s state the in be to great is "It —@ElizabethForMA Hillary.” for fight to us for time now is It us. for fights Clinton "Hillary —@ElizabethForMA back!” fight to time it’s say, I Trump. Donald like guys for rigged 'rigged'—it’s is game "The —@ElizabethForMA country.” this in people the half than more disrespects aggressively Trump "Donald —@ElizabethForMA: vote.” women nasty and tough, are women nasty smart, are women nasty Donald: this "Get Hampshire New in —@ElizabethForMA country.” our in place no have bigotry and sexism and "Racism democracy. our to threat direct a That’s election. this of results the respect he’d that say to refused Trump Donald volunteering. and early, voting it—registering, for up standing are people of millions democracy, our assaulting is Trump Donald While counts. everyone which in future a for: we’re what about against—it’s we’re what about just isn’t there out seeing we’re energy The NH Manchester, in College Anselm Saint at rally campaign a during @HillaryClinton with .@SenWarren @dougmillsnyt: RT dangerous. That’s disaster.” “total a Mosul of out terrorists push to effort military a called Trump night, Last debt. student your down pay and back pay to you for easier it make we’ll college, to go you where matter No Trump: on —Hillary that?” does Who casino. a running billion $1 lost "He country? our lead he would how employees, own his against discrimination condones Trump Donald If America. in products his made actually who someone from more mean might Again" Great America "Make to promise A question. Good t… service what idea no has He clear: it makes he veterans, and military our of sacrifice the trivializes Trump When —@PhillyTrib president.” be to experience and knowledge temperament, the has “Clinton hat:… foil tin own your Make choose? why But hat. his as much as almost theories conspiracy loves Trump shot:… your away throw Don't year. this voting Broadway—everyone's on stars family, your friends, Your hats:… famous his to update stylish a presenting theory, conspiracy any of pursuit relentless Trump's of honor In https://t.… voted. already have Floridians many how see Florida, in counties many in begins voting early As @HillaryforFL: RT "disaster.” a operations military active calling be should Commander-in-Chief be to wants who one No —Hillary against." just not for, vote to something you give to important "It’s Commander-in-Chief. our be cannot members service our disrespects who man A —@ElizabethForMA… vote." women nasty And smart. are women Nasty tough. are women Nasty Donald: this, "Get https://… -@ChelseaClinton service." about foremost &amp; 1st is service public that believed always has she that proves life "Her @smrtgrls: RT skin." my of color the on based buildings Trump the in apartment an denied was I Wiggins. Mae is name "My plan! a like Sounds Chair. Committee Budget becomes Sanders Bernie named guy a Senate, the lose Republicans if said Ryan Paul revolution. political the continue to million $ raise us helping for @SpeakerRyan thank Let's for… raised million $ next? happened What chair. Committee Budget becoming ​me about worried he’s said Ryan Paul you. need just We Senate. the flip to billionaires and millionaires need don’t We revolution. political the continue We @SpeakerRyan? Senate, the back take we when happens what know You agenda. progressive a Enact ✅ chairman a Bernie Make ✅ Senate the to Democrats Elect ✅ true: come nightmare Ryan’s Paul Make Trump.… Donald of is he than chairman Committee Budget becoming Sanders Bernie of afraid more is .@SpeakerRyan it. flipped someone if shame a Be @SpeakerRyan. there got you majority Nice me.… to good Sounds chairman. Budget the be I'll Senate, the loses GOP the If said: @SpeakerRyan what heard I donors. small with it do can we yet, better and, Senate and House the flip can We revolution. political the continue to helping for days. 3 in million $ raised we @SpeakerRyan to thanks but months, 3 in campaign his to donors dollar small no had Ryan Paul free. tuition universities and colleges public make to going we’re Senate the flip we When Congr… back take to contributions 500,000 received and million $ than more raised we help your with .@SpeakerRyan today. seeing we’re suppression voter the justifies way no in That votes. billion a of out fraud voter of cases 31 found Investigators protected. be must and democracy our of part fundamental most the perhaps is vote to right The them. to inconvenience an are views political whose voters disenfranchise to able be shouldn’t Republicans vote. to people for harder it making process—not political the in participate to right the having people all is about is democracy What now: right vote to plan a Make you. for speak will others up, speak don't you If matters: vote Your important. really was Senate the in work her but decades for ours like families military for fighting been Hillary's virt… a vs. toddler overgrown An @HillaryClinton. is victor clear the temperament, on dignity, on style, on substance, On @sean_p_thomas: RT More: winner overall the was Clinton say: Judges debate? the won Who @latimes: RT … high. went she low, went he When debate. uncomfortable very a was It tonight. @HillaryClinton of proud very Im @jes_chastain: RT simple. and Plain racism. than less nothing was Trump Donald by led movement birther The them. on backs our turn cannot We country. this in people undocumented million 11 over are There advis… is discretion Voter misogyny. blatant and behavior, inappropriate language, offensive contains video This Warning: @TheDemocrats: RT wage. living a workers your paying start and welfare off Get Walmart: of family Walton the to say I now: in Tune it. miss Don’t economy. the on Detroit from live speaking is Hillary great. Michigan makes what about much so missing He’s crime. and poverty, failure, of only talked he Monday on Detroit visited Trump When together. it do we if do can’t America nothing There’s hard-working. and determined, resilient, are We marijuana. on prohibition federal the remove to us for overdue long is time The absurd. is heroin as category same the in marijuana Keeping Act. Substances Controlled federal the from marijuana remove must we reform, justice criminal about serious are we If drugs. outlawed of list government’s federal the off marijuana take to us for time past well It’s Ob… President against smear his but it, cause should Trump Donald as frequently as outrage muster to difficult be can It @HillaryClinton: RT ISIS. of founder the not is Obama Barack No, @HillaryClinton: RT Commander-in-Chief. our as serve to allowed be never should often so low, so sink to willing Anyone @HillaryClinton: RT at… Her With on playing now —@BillClinton, Roadshow." Antiques the of equivalent political the I'm like feel "I https://t.… latino. y joven voto del importancia la de habló y @Univision de @despiertamerica programa el visitó Kaine Tim @Hillary_esp: RT people." helping by life in mark our make to trying just are really "We approach. single-payer a is care health universal to approach cost-effective honest, only The period. it, afford to able be should education higher pursue to desire the with kid Every interests. business your Explain returns. tax your Release Donald. clean, come to time It’s https:/… family. military this like people on preyed which scam U Trump the around revolves scandal pay-to-play Trump's @TheBriefing2016: RT … DNC the at Allen John —Gen. us." of all includes that vision a for America, in unity for force a be must "We @HFA: RT simple. that It’s war. of cost a is veterans of care Taking 🇺🇸 RT! out! Find early? vote you Can vote? to registered you Are @robdelaney: RT you. with is America that know and safe, Stay Matthew: Hurricane of path the in everyone To you see to Hope @PADems. @HillaryforPA @HillaryClinton for campaigning today city your in I'm Pittsburgh: in Friends older. get you as better get things worry don’t but easy isn’t 40 turning know I @JoyVBehar! birthday Happy this. do Let's → debate presidential first the for stage the takes Hillary live: Watch . to time it's so It's billionaires. to breaks tax huge give should we thinks he inequality, huge amidst why, tonight us tells Trump hope I "hoax.” a is change climate thinks he evidence scientific the all despite why tonight us tells Trump hope I sicker? much become or die will many How insurance. health off throw would he million 20 the to happens what us tells Trump hope I sisters. and brothers American Native our to listen to begin we if learn can we lot a is There can. she ever as long as for can, she ways the all in can, she good the all for Fighting go. Let's do. can't we nothing another—there's one against Americans sets sometimes that divisiveness the overcome we together—if work we If ticket. this of part a be to proud So —Hillary up.” another one Lift another. one respect to going are "We feelings." my hurt that him, of fun made Trump Mr. When condition. same the have I and reporter "That back. not forward, moving keep to need we agree you if RT vote! to plan a Make @CP3: RT 2016 5, Nov. Times, York New The of page front The @nytimes: RT http… interview podcast compelling a for make do sure @HillaryClinton of knowledge and perceptiveness wit, .@NickMerrill's @brianefallon: RT Vote. America: fairer stronger, better, a in believe you If vote: the out gets she as Florida in live Hillary Join history: make to chance the have we days, 3 just In too: vote, to ready you’re sure Make records. breaking out, turning people of numbers large seeing are We years 30 past the for done she’s what asking Trump on —Hillary there.” go to want don’t you "Donald, psyched! but soaked are We EARLY. VOTE to Pines Pembroke in here thousands rain, Despite @RobbyMook: RT … joy. with little a cried I Philly. South in Hillary for packets canvas get to in get to line The @LEFsAdventures: RT rain pouring the in rally Florida concludes .@HillaryClinton @ABCPolitics: RT vote: go they When whe… America inclusive for—an we're what but against we're what about isn't campaign this on seeing we're energy The us divides he because president our be can't Trump Donald says Z Jay @nowthisnews: RT campaign. this of story The Hillary: with they're why share vote to right their than older women Five Hillary: for vote your cast you'll where Confirm difference. the all make could vote Your roar: us hear gonna they're Tuesday, On planet. our For future. the For respect. For -H vote. the out get to helping artists amazing the all and @JColeNC, @BigSean, @ChanceTheRapper, @Pharrell, @S_C_, @Beyonce, to you Thank concert: GOTV special a for Philadelphia in live @ShondaRhimes and @KatyPerry, Hillary, Join vote. the out get us help to up sign and 47246 to JOIN Text today: vote to plan a Make before. ever than election this in voting are people More women: about said he's things Other Trump —Donald me." than more women respects "Nobody ratified… was Amendment 19th the later, years 50 Almost arrested. then was voted—and Anthony B. Susan 1872, in Today nothing?… do or grandkids, and kids our for planet the protect to act we Will Tuesday: on choice serious a face We in.” believe we believes, he what of lot a because is Trump Donald like members Klan Klux] [Ku of lot a reason “The states… 19 in @HillaryClinton for campaigned have I why That's fascism. &amp; freedom between choice a is election This you: see to Hope Dems. local and @HillaryClinton for campaigning today city your in I'm FL: Jacksonville, in Friends for… blue Florida keep to working while Jacksonville in @GibsonForSenate @RevJJackson, @billclinton, into Ran @HillaryClinton. is That wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to pledged has who president for running candidate one is There answer. an have don't Republicans die? will them of many How insurance. health off Americans million 20 throw to want Republicans sexist. or racist are Trump Mr. for voting about thinking are who people the of most that believe not do I wages. lower for hours longer working they’re kids, their about worried they’re hurting, are who people are most think I but are, Some few. a just not us, of all for works that economy an create to going we’re that them tell to voters Trump to out reach to is job Our future… the than important more not are profits their that industry fuel fossil the tell to guts the have to have We Americans. all benefit to program jobs federal a for fight will @BernieSanders and Russ @russfeingold: RT bigotry. on campaign his running is Trump and discrimination overcome to years many so for struggled have we is much so me upsets What o… ahead profits put corporations and promises solemn break government the seen have Americans Native again and Time Clin… Hillary and House Democratic Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform Democratic the see to is now job Our lives. entire their for reality that with dealing be to going are people many votes, few a by wins Trump and out election this sit you If industry. pharmaceutical the to message strong a send can California Tuesday, On you. for it do will we own, your on it do don't you if And people. American the off ripping Stop say: I companies drug the To debt? student your on rates interest 10% paying people are name god's in Why 3%. at home your refinance can You vote. to people for difficult it make to way their of out go governors cowardly when not is Democracy out: miss Don't history. make to left days 3 today: plan a make and vote you'll where Confirm Tuesday. on history make to ready you're sure Make now: vote to plan a Make win. this home bring Let's reporters to tarmac the on —Hillary soul.” and mind, heart, entire my with it serve will I country. this love “I … Obamacare: from pull-back its about @Aetna for questions have lawmakers more three and @SenSanders, .@SenWarren, @JeffYoung: RT -H all. for equality toward march the to ourselves recommit let's Today, dream. his us told King Dr. ago, years 53 —@MartinOMalley together." this in we're realize who people hardworking are Iowans state. your love "I @HillaryforIA: RT drug. life-saving and important an such of prices the gouging for ashamed be should Mylan 1908: since for gold 1500 Olympic first wins Centrowitz Matthew Maryland's @fox5dc: RT economy. that change to going are We lose. you tails win, they heads – economy rigged a is This clear. and loud him hear We whistle. dog a aren't proposals policy and rhetoric bigoted Trump's had. we've state of secretaries best the of one Hillary's agree: Panetta Leon and @madeleine, .@POTUS, it. proved Rio in athletes our of diversity the together—and stronger We're https:/… office! Newton our at be also fear—he’ll never morning, this @MartinOMalley missed you If @HillaryforIA: RT care. health for down turned were conditions pre-existing with kids when time a to back going aren't We —@DenverPost Clinton” Hillary race: this in candidate qualified clearly the choose and Trump dump to voters urge "We because… democracy—just our of pillar the undermining is party major a of nominee presidential a that appalling It's outrageous. It’s inaccurate. just isn’t voters American African to message new Trump’s Donald —@TimKaine Trump." Donald of style me-first selfish, insult-driven, the defend can Pence Governor how imagine can't "I https://… Hillary on —Tim overseas” deployed son a have We life: our in thing important most the with her trust “We @timkaine: RT —@timkaine Trump." can Pence Governor how imagine can't "I night: the of theme The first. himself putting about been always Trump’s first—Donald others putting about been always has life Clinton’s Hillary @timkaine: RT State. of Secretary as accomplishments Hillary’s on refresher a wanted you if .@Mike_Pence @timkaine: RT True. check: Fact Pence —Mike Obamacare." on build to want Kaine Tim and Clinton "Hillary htt… million. almost cost will Trump's jobs. million create will plans economic Clinton's .@MoodysInvSvc: @TheBriefing2016: RT hi… found he like looks it policies, economic failed his implement to experience the with VP a for looking was Trump Donald If @timkaine: RT isn… there because it's plans, economic disastrous their on Trump and Pence between difference the spot can't you If cut. tax billion $4 a family his give to wants but years, 18 for taxes income federal any paid have not may Trump Donald Reminder: you? of think he does what taxes, pay you If "smart." is this thinks Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT st… us of rest the all makes that Guess smart.” me “makes taxes paying not said and week last stage debate the on stood Trump @timkaine: RT Nope. —Pence ditch.” a into economy this driven have administration this of policies "The lying. he's taxes, raise won't Trump Donald and he says Pence Mike When House. White the for unfit is existence its deny outright who'd Anyone Americans. hurts It real. is bias Implicit n… you’ll discussion, the have to afraid you’re law in bias of issues up bring to afraid be shouldn’t “People @timkaine: RT Mike. words, kind the for Thanks @HillaryClinton: RT Hillary on —Tim overseas” deployed son a have We life: our in thing important most the with her trust “We first. himself putting about been always Trump’s first—Donald others putting about been always has life Clinton’s Hillary State. of Secretary as accomplishments Hillary’s on refresher a wanted you if .@Mike_Pence h… like looks it policies, economic failed his implement to experience the with VP a for looking was Trump Donald If Trump? Donald in president fired you’re a or Clinton, Hillary in president hired you're a want we Do choice: The o… isn't there because it's plans, economic disastrous their on Trump and Pence between difference the spot can't you If @HillaryClinton: RT stupid. us of rest the all makes that Guess smart.” me “makes taxes paying not said and week last stage debate the on stood Trump … Nope. —Pence ditch.” a into economy this driven have administration this of policies "The @HillaryClinton: RT it.” solve never you’ll discussion, the have to afraid you’re law in bias of issues up bring to afraid be shouldn’t “People … House. White the for unfit is existence its deny outright who'd Anyone Americans. hurts It real. is bias Implicit @HillaryClinton: RT poverty? in families and children of millions the on backs our turn we when values, family and morality about talk politicians can How https:/… sent. were they that time the is tweets sexist his with problem the thinks Trump Donald that telling pretty It's @BernieSanders: RT op-ed: my Read ourselves. debate of forefront to it bring to Time "hoax". a change climate calls .@realDonaldTrump yet speech immigration alarming most Trump's on @WashingtonPost —the whatsoever." softening no be will "There people? divides or people respects that nation a see we Do mirror. the in looking about is election This treatment health mental address to plan proposes Clinton Hillary @YahooNews: RT camps internment in families &amp; kids women, up locking stop &amp; prisons private of use end should We forward. step Good lobbyists. fuel fossil to pander to order in planet our of future the risk to colleagues Republican my for irresponsible than more is It succeed. to need they resources the get to businesses small for easier it make Let's country. our &amp; @GOP the to disgrace a is He assault. sexual actual was talk--it just wasn't it @realDonaldTrump, To https://t… -Joe work. to get and sleeves our up roll Let's Senate. the back take and @HillaryClinton elect to got we've Folks, @JoeBiden: RT -H friend. a you call to @GovernorVA—proud you, Thank like. looks leadership dauntless what is This around. not he's when neighbors his ask like, really someone’s what know to want you If … stage. the take to @TimKaine and @HillaryClinton for awaits eagerly @FIU crowd The @HillaryforFL: RT https://… president. woman a had never has States United the as great as country a why understand doesn't Rania @HillaryforFL: RT → @TimKaine mate, running her with appearance first her in stage the takes Hillary Miami: from Live —Hillary air." fresh of breath a like is day beautiful this on you with here Republican the at saw we everything "After us. of ahead still are days best America’s wrong. he’s but decline, in is America think may Trump Donald —Hillary walls.” not bridges, building about is that One country. our for vision different very a offer we’ll Philadelphia, “In —Hillary guy." of kind my just That’s done. things get to likes who progressive a is not…he are Pence Mike &amp; Trump Donald everything is "Tim Honduras. in missionary a as served @TimKaine firms, prestigious at internships taking were classmates his when school, law During Virginia. in education in invested &amp; salary own his cut Kaine wealthiest. the to cuts tax gave &amp; Indiana in funding education slashed Pence results. delivers and represents he people the for fights he because promotion a him give to voted have best @TimKaine know who people The NRA. the ask Just steel. of backbone a has @TimKaine smile, that Behind mistake: no Make other. each in faith our put man—we one in faith our put never haver Americans it.” fix can alone “I says he when wrong dangerously Trump's reform." justice criminal to equality LGBT to rights voting country—from our facing issues important most the of some on led has "Tim —Hillary House." White the in and trail campaign the on side my by have to person better any of think can’t "I —Hillary " to go Or 47246. to JOIN text and now right phone your out Take us. "Join todos”—@TimKaine. americanos somos porque país nuestro a todos a bienvenidos todos, a bienvenidos “Y @Hillary_esp: RT —@TimKaine disaster.’” 'a military American the calls He Americans? great these about say Trump Donald does "What —@timkaine them." to listens She people. insult doesn’t She Trump. Donald of opposite exact the is Clinton "Hillary @HillaryClinton. sobre @TimKaine venir"—dijo por lucha gran esta en alma de compañeros "Seremos @Hillary_esp: RT lives. people’s in difference a make to can he everything doing in believes he because service public in life his of most spent has Tim —@timkaine optimist.’” an be right, do to want you me…‘if told once mom “My —@timkaine life.” my of decision best the remains, and was, Anne "Marrying Honduras. en experiencia su sobre @TimKaine trabajo"- y familia fe, la de pueblo, mi de valores los "Aprendí @Hillary_esp: RT —Kaine consensus." find to trying &amp; to level—listening local the at started I because it’s life, public in anything at good I’m "If —@timkaine can.” you good the all Do mine: as same the is creed her you, tell I but Methodist, a is Hillary and Catholic, a "I’m —@TimKaine delivered.” always has she And Hillary. in faith and trust their put who’ve people of lot awful an are "There —@timkaine top.” the at those just not everybody, for work economy our make to going "We’re —@TimKaine taxes.” of share fair their pay wealthy the and corporations, and Street, Wall that sure make “We’ll —@TimKaine citizenship.” to path a includes that package reform immigration comprehensive a forward put we’ll days, 100 first the “In violence gun preventing on —@TimKaine loopholes.” close and checks background universal get we not will I and "Hillary —@timkaine election.” an lost never I’ve but run, ever I’ve race statewide every in me against campaigned ’ve the know “I Trump Donald on —@TimKaine Putin.” Vladimir likes He everybody. talk trash doesn’t he right, "You’re Truman Harry quoting —@TimKaine hand.” at job the do to determination unbeatable an and imagination, on courage, on built was "America —@TimKaine States.” United the of president 45th the Clinton Hillary elect and history make go “Let’s support: your show to today sticker your Get team. the to @TimKaine welcome Help mate running Hillary's as speech first his in —@TimKaine do." people tough but last, don't times "Tough @realDonaldTrump on —@MarcoRubio says." he what defend don't "I -H terror. against people Afghan the with stand We demonstrating. peacefully were who dozens killed that Kabul in attack today's by Outraged → there. get us Help 8 Nov. by vote to commit and register to people million 3 goal: Our design. graphic on thoughts some has president for nominee @GOP Your insurance Americans' million 20 ✓Revoke debt national the to trillion $34 ✓Add wall the ✓Build translated: Trump, fraud." outright broken of allegations produce not did that touched he project a find to hard "It's Hillary: Team on him have to proud we're decades—and for @timkaine loved and known have Virginians @HillaryforVA: RT nominee @GOP the on —@TedCruz issue." every on supporters his betray will "Donald —@POTUS president." vice great a make will he And progressive. true a He’s man. good a is "@TimKaine this. than better we're agree you if RT hate. and fear message: convention Trump's speech RNC Trump's Donald on Klan, Klux Ku the of wizard grand former Duke, —David better!" it said have "Couldn't —@TimKaine lives." people’s other on have can you effect positive the by life your can—measure you good the all "Do Libs. Sad! invented: we game new a with fun some had People win. Hillary help to today it Download before. this like app campaign a been never There's backyard. own their in NRA—right the against fight the leading been @TimKaine's decade, a than more For one. day on lead to qualified and progressive not: are Pence Mike and Trump Donald everything is .@TimKaine now: in Tune @VFWHQ. the at speaking Hillary's @VFWHQ the to —Hillary Commander-in-Chief." a choosing also we’re president, a choosing just aren’t "Americans —Hillary must." we when ground our standing and can we where ground common rivals—finding our with wise but firm being in believe "I Trump Donald on —Hillary America.” for love no have who strongmen and dictators praising me hear ever won’t You certain: for thing’s "One crimes. war commit to them order never will who Commander-in-Chief a deserve They honor. with themselves conduct to strive troops Our created.” been ever has that country greatest the yet not are we if as act America…who about talk trash who people understand don’t “I McCain John Senator on —Hillary heroes.” are war of prisoners American all and he that believe "I —Hillary it." reform to going we’re , the privatize to going not are "We them. for died and bled and fought People air. thin of out come didn’t Americans as enjoy we that privileges and freedoms The service." your honors who Commander-in-Chief and president a and country a deserve you our deserves served has who “Everyone smartphone. a is need you All November. in win Hillary help can you are, you where matter No families. working for devastating be would economy our of charge in Trump Donald Putting @TimKaine on –Hillary guy." of kind my just That’s done. things get to likes who progressive a is "He (1/3) Clinton. Hillary for voting be will I but convention, Democratic year’s this attend to able not am I @algore: RT … @TimKaine: mate running Hillary's about saying they're what Read —@SenWarren heart." good a had always has "Tim @HFA: RT live: Watch . historic a off kick to ready We’re started: getting just is The hats. your to on Hold @HFA: RT ht… causes. of champion a is who candidate only the @HillaryClinton, endorses Advocate The @TheAdvocateMag: RT : the at one day of ahead know to need you details the Get too. future, the us—it's watching that's history just not It's hands. right the in is future our sure make Let’s house. White the to Clinton Hillary elect to can we everything do and Trump Donald defeat to got have We @BernieSanders: RT reality. a it making behind—we're left or out left is one no where country a in believe just don't We epidemic. this end to time It's country. our across lives many too destroying is addiction Opioid highlights: some are Here ever. platform party progressive most the for voted @TheDemocrats Tonight, … abuse. substance and addiction about speaks @HillaryClinton that me to means it much how enough say ever cannot I @klyouell: RT together. Karla's like families keep to reform immigration comprehensive need We @Astrid_NV activist —DREAMer Dream.” American the for everything risked we that country this of promise the in deeply so believed family “My —@Astrid_NV Karla’s" like and mine like families talking he’s people, million 11 deporting about talks Trump Donald "When —Karla deported" be would parents my worried was I her told I when me what That’s Brave. "Valiente. Hillary on @Astrid_NV —DREAMer familias” nuestras together, families our keep to fight will she know "I Kar… de la y mía la como separar a refiere se personas, de millones 11 a deportar de habla Trump Donald "Cuando @Hillary_esp: RT courage. such with illness mental with dealing experience your describing for @ddlovato, you, Thank … here: Enter Thursday. on the at Hillary join and history of part a be to chance a have still You @HFA: RT together. stronger and united are we primary, the in supported you who matter No @HFA: RT —@EvaLongoria already.” great pretty is America out turns It Donald? what guess “So : the at stage the takes @CoryBooker as live Watch Booker —Sen. nation." independent and free a be would that world the before declared they and city, very this in gathered forefathers “Our —@CoryBooker just.” more and expansive, more inclusive, more nation our made have Americans heroic of “Generations —@CoryBooker countrywomen.” your and countrymen your loving without country your love can’t you But country. of love is “Patriotism —Booker City.” Atlantic in leads he how see from I’m Well, businesses. his run has he like country our run would he says "Trump —@CoryBooker nation." sum zero a not are we that campaign: this in again time and time betrays Trump Donald what knows Clinton "Hillary —@CoryBooker rise.” will we “America, —@CoryBooker surrender." or retreat not will We fail. or falter not will We America. of States United the are "We —@CoryBooker hate." trumps always love America, in that and interdependence of nation a are we that again declare us "Let … —@CoryBooker intimidation." and fear from Free people. free a be will we that again, declare us "Let @HFA: RT : the at speak @FLOTUS Watch now: Happening —@FLOTUS Clinton." Hillary friend our is that and States, United the of president be to qualified one only is "There —@FLOTUS country." our serve to up stepped proudly didn’t she ago, years 8 nomination the win didn’t she "When —@FLOTUS life." her in anything on quit never has Clinton "Hillary —@FLOTUS together." stronger always are we because other each on lean We other. each to listen we other—no, each against turn don’t "We Hillary on —@FLOTUS her!" with I’m election, this "In —@FLOTUS kids." our for better something leaving about only—it’s thing one and thing one about is presidency the that understands "Hillary —@FLOTUS States.” United the of president be can woman a that granted for take daughters…now my Clinton, Hillary of “Because —@FLOTUS earth." on country greatest the is now, right , isn’t country this that you tell ever anyone let "Don’t —@FLOTUS Clinton." Hillary electing into country this for love our and strength our and passion our of ounce last every pour to need "We —@FLOTUS life." her in anything on quit never has Clinton "Hillary Philadelphia: in the at live @ElizabethForMA Watch —@ElizabethforMA Hillary." with I’m @HillaryClinton. is choice our because today here "We’re @HFA: RT Trump on —Warren off.” them ripped he’s and them, defrauded he’s them, conned He’s times. hard on fallen had who preyed "He Trump on —Warren savings?" life Their homes? Their jobs? their people of millions cost that crash economic an for roots man a of kind "What Trump on —Warren president" be never must who man A workers? cheats investors, cheats students, cheats man a of kind "What –Warren ideas?" actual any hear you wall…did stupid a building about talking than other an than more for spoke "Last Trump on —Warren lesbians." and gays against discriminate openly to legal it make to trying for famous president vice a picked even "He —@ElizabethforMA hate.” and fear of America America—an Trump’s Donald “That’s —@ElizabethforMA system.” rigged a against back fight to unite can’t we other, each on turn we "When —@ElizabethforMA ever!” not now, America—not hate-filled Trump’s Donald be to going not “We’re —@ElizabethForMA president.” next the Clinton Hillary make to out hearts our work let’s then together, stronger are we believe you “If @POTUS. more, agree Couldn’t —@ElizabethForMA infomercial.” Trump late-night more, one just is campaign entire "Trump’s → @DemConvention the address @BernieSanders Watch now: Happening h… victim University Trump and mom single Lankford, —Cheryl himself." but anyone helping him see can't "I @TheBriefing2016: RT —@BernieSanders leadership." their for Biden President Vice and Obama President thank I and years 1/2 7 last the in way long a come have "We —@BernieSanders States.” United the of president next the become must Clinton "Hillary —@BernieSanders poverty." in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works country this in someone if that " —@BernieSanders United.” Citizens overturn to prepared are who Court Supreme the to justices nominate will Clinton “Hillary —@BernieSanders 'hoax.'” a is change climate that believes He science. reject to chooses he Republicans, most like Well, Trump? "Donald —Bernie strengths" greatest our of one is diversity our that another, after group one insulting busy is " —@BernieSanders children.” of rights the for advocate fierce a as her know and Senate States United the in her with served "I —@BernieSanders tonight.” her with stand to proud am I and president outstanding an make will Clinton "Hillary —@FLOTUS president.” be can woman a that granted for it take my Clinton, Hillary of “Because before." president female a been never has there that ridiculous is "It night last @DemConvention the at —@CoryBooker invincible." are we indivisible, are we "When here: missed you what on up Catch books. the in is Convention Democratic the of one Day Democrat. a be to proud you made night last if RT … @MalcolmKenyatta : at today @HillaryClinton nominate help will who delegates PA our of one Meet @HillaryforPA: RT leaders. KKK back doesn't or does candidate the whether to as ambiguity much isn't there campaigns, most On → campaign this in involved get can you how Here's @FLOTUS. heard You party: political major a of nominee presidential woman first the become Hillary Watch —@SenatorBarb results.” get to wants Hillary but rant, to want people “Some —@RepJohnLewis forward." going are we back, going not are we and progress, much too made have “We president for Hillary nominating on —@RepJohnLewis again.” ceiling glass that shatter will we “Tonight, story: Jerry's Read 102. is delegate oldest Hillary's @HFA: RT it.#… of full completely not I'm president) (even wants she what be can she daughter my tell I when Now real. very are tears The @sjbxtr: RT —@RepJohnLewis president!” for candidate party the as Clinton Hillary for nomination the second to pleased am "I … Woman! American an be to day Great POTUS!!! woman first the of year the be will 2016 but years 240 took It @RandiBrazeau: RT Hill.” you, for one’s “This right… support your voice to 47246 to HILLARY Text home! from in join can You @DemConvention. the at underway is The @HFA: RT history. some make to ready Getting History. together. Stronger big. dreams who girl little every for is moment This history. made We @HFA: RT Carter. President you, Thank Hamilton Dontre of mother Hamilton, —Maria unite." Let's build. "Let's mother. Bland’s Sandra Reed-Veal, —Geneva forgotten” not but gone children our of many So gone… was daughters, five of fourth my “Sandy, Fulton —Sybrina heaven” in is who Martin, Trayvon son, my for today here am I have. would us of None this. for up signed have not would “I loss. this feel to have should mother No —@CecileRichards election.” this in ballot the on and line the on are rights and health Women's it: about mistake no "Make @LenaDunham and —@AmericaFerrera hate!” trumps Love declare: "Let’s —@BarbaraBoxer alleys." back in died women when days dark the to back going not are We Pence: Mike and Trump "Donald Manning Lauren survivor, —9/11 through.” came she and line, the on was life my when her trusted "I —@Madeleine Chief." Commander-in- next our becomes Hillary that sure make to can we everything do must we fall, "This —@Madeleine heart." big a also but head, cool a show. reality TV a hosting like not is security and freedom "Safeguarding Hillary on —@BillClinton history." in moment this for person qualified best the is "She : the at stage the take @BillClinton Watch this. miss to want won’t You Hillary on —@BillClinton Rights.” Civil and Political on class a we her saw I time first The girl. a met I 1971 of spring the “In Hillary meeting on —@BillClinton speechless.” momentarily was I not, or it believe you whether that, surprised and impressed so was "I —@BillClinton since.” ever together laughing and talking and walking been We’ve Museum. Art Yale the to me with walk a take to her asked "I Rodham Dorothy mother, Hillary’s on —@BillClinton me.” to gifts greatest Hillary’s of one was her "Knowing —@BillClinton Center.” Study Child the at working school, law in year extra an that issues children’s in involved so became "She Hillary on —@BillClinton voters.” Mexican-American registered Texas…and South to down went she "Then Hillary on —@BillClinton abilities.” their on based them empower to tried She disabilities. with people of fun made never “She —@BillClinton potential.” their and themselves in believe to students her encouraging teaching, enjoyed "Hillary Hillary on —@BillClinton was.” she caring and loving and strong and smart of…how awe in still was I friend. best my married “I born being Chelsea on —Bill world” the in mother best the had daughter my that my of moment greatest the was "It —@BillClinton service.” public of world new whole a to eyes my opened “Hillary Arkansas of lady first as education rural on work Hillary’s on judge Arkansas —an Clinton.” wrong the elected we like me to “Looks —@BillClinton seen.” I’ve changemaker darn best the she’s and organizer, good a she’s leader, natural a she’s curious, insatiably "She’s Hillary on —@BillClinton forward.” ball the move to wants always She quo. status the with satisfied been never had woman “This coverage health get kids million 8 helping Hillary on —@BillClinton does.” she what That’s changemaker. a “She’s run Senate Hillary’s on —@BillClinton down.” him let didn’t She Kennedy. Robert outsider, another by held once seat the to her elected "NY —@BillClinton Israel." and Hamas between war shooting a avoid to ceasefire a get to East Middle the to Cambodia from night all flew "She Hillary on —@BillClinton Laden.” bin Osama after go to decision Obama’s President backed “She —@BillClinton effort.” counter-terrorism global new a built and online terrorists against back fight to team a launched "She —@BillClinton can’t." You Cleveland? in opponent their of painted Republicans the picture the with you told I things the square you do "How Hillary on —@BillClinton known.” ever have I changemaker darn best the still is "She —@BillClinton it.” doing lifetime a spent she because it know You together. stronger us make will “Hillary @DemConvention @HillaryClinton supporting friends + me WATCH: @ElizabethBanks: RT Streep —Meryl president." great a be will she And president. woman first our be will Clinton “Hillary —Hillary yet.” ceiling glass that in crack biggest the put just We —@FLOTUS pressure." under buckles never she that is Hillary about most admire I "What made. History https://… air! hot the brought who one the You're it. for them pay should you &amp; fine is AC Roanoke Hotel the .@realDonaldTrump @timkaine: RT now. right relevant particularly seem that @FLOTUS from thoughts few A @TheBriefing2016: RT https… espionage." conduct to power foreign a encouraged actively has candidate presidential major a that time first "The @rosenbergerlm: RT man?" a as much as paid be you'll president, you're when think you "Do Hillary, asked girl young A in. all it Taking @timkaine: RT —@BillClinton it." doing lifetime a spent she’s because it know You together. stronger us make will "Hillary … nomination Clinton’s Hillary celebrating grandmas their of photos sharing are People @BuzzFeed: RT Hillary on —@BillClinton known.” ever have I maker change darn best the still is "She highlights: the are Here ceiling. glass hardest highest, that in yet crack biggest the put we night, Last —@FLOTUS children." nation's our to devotion lifelong her seen 've Hillary trust "I years 12 in stage the take to HIV with living speaker first the is Driffin Daniel @HRC: RT https://… known. ever I've changemaker darn best the still is @HillaryClinton why night last tell to proud So @billclinton: RT photos: in Hillary, and Bill of story The —Hillary immoral." is Flint in happened What both. is it though wrong, or unacceptable merely not is "This be… will it falls, barrier that Once last. our be not will she But president. woman 1st our be may Clinton "Hillary @emilyslist: RT —@SenatorReid corner." your in stand Democrats life: better a kids your give to fighting families "Middle-class —@SenatorReid happen!" that let won’t We security. middle-class of pillars the down tear to want "Republicans … at livestream the Watch action? tonight's into tuning Just @DemConvention: RT … NMI —Janet, president.'" female first our nominated we was 'I say, and back look she'll day one "Maybe @HFA: RT —@MartinOMalley come." they as tough as is Clinton Hillary that you tell to here am "I —@MartinOMalley House!" White hers—the in woman tough a and place his in racist bully, a put to time "It’s issues.”—@JerryBrownGov big the on us for fights She stuff. does Hillary talks, and talks and talks Trump “While —@JerryBrownGov change.” climate combat to needed what’s do will Clinton Hillary President office, in day first her “From —@JerryBrownGov fraud.” a is Trump say I hoax. a is warming global says "Trump son,… her and her with is heart My people. especially Americans, all for strength of symbol a is Leinonen Christine @dominiclowell: RT side. your by standing all We're Christine. you, Thank —@ChrisMurphyCT lobby.” gun the from back Washington take to pledged Clinton Hillary and NRA, the to up stood “She —@ChrisMurphyCT this.” change can massacres…We cascading of trajectory horrifying the about helpless feel to reason no is “There violence. gun reduce help to need you information the get and laws gun our in loopholes dangerous the about learn to 47246 to LAWS Text htt… together. back, fight to us for time It's America. in violence gun unrelenting the of had have We @ChrisMurphyCT: RT —@ChrisMurphyCT lobby!” gun the from back Washington take to time is “It Smegielski —Erica lobby.” gun the behind cower politicians many too while mother my without here "I’m Smegielski —Erica mom." my with day more one just for left have I that day single every give would "I violence gun of victims the on —@ImAngelaBassett enough” not is that but names, their say “We Hillary on —@ShuttleCDRKelly expedient.” politically is what not nation, our for right is what do will she president, "As —@GabbyGiffords done.” things get women Strong lesson: powerful a learned I Congress, "In —@GabbyGiffords Hillary!” for voting I'm why That’s lobby. gun the to up stand will she House, White the "In —@GabbyGiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for difficult is "Speaking Dem… some elect go Let's me. with you need I and Day, Election until months 4 than less got We've folks. back, be to good It’s @JoeBiden: RT leadership… the Exactly people. working Understands Steady. Clear-eyed. Room. Situation the &amp; Senate the in Hillary seen I've @JoeBiden: RT https://t.… serve. to chance the for Grateful results. gets Hillary results—and deliver can you if is politics in matters What @timkaine: RT love. is now needs world the What @JoeBiden on –@DrBiden heart.” the of matter a always is politics best, its at knows "He → stage the take @POTUS and @TimKaine, @JoeBiden, as Facebook on live of three night Watch —@JoeBiden journey.” incredible this on them join to us asking for Michelle and Barack to grateful we’re day "Every @FLOTUS and @POTUS on —@JoeBiden incredible.” are Michelle…you me—and and Jill to brother a become “He’s —@JoeBiden Hillary." know about—I passionate she’s what know I But tough. she’s knows Everybody smart. she’s knows "Everybody —@JoeBiden education." an child qualified a getting than more lot a about is loan college a that understands "Hillary —@JoeBiden Office." Oval the into walks Clinton Hillary when granddaughters and daughters our for mean will it what understand all "We —@JoeBiden story" life’s Clinton's Hillary there…that’s been always who’s there, be will who race this in person one only "There’s Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden fired.'" famous—'you’re made he proud phrase…he’s the in up summed be can compassion and empathy of lack "His Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden malarkey." of bunch a That’s break. a me Give class? middle the about cares he says “He —Biden clue—period." no has he Actually, great. America makes what about clue no has “He class… middle the about clue a have "doesn’t Trump Trump on —Biden security" deal to prepared less been or less known has nation this of history the in nominee party major "No Trump on —@JoeBiden Americans—period.” as happen that let cannot simply gain…we own his for America in division sow to seeks who man “A —@JoeBiden crisis.” with confronted when break never We bend. never We bow. never We easily. scare not do "We Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden malarkey!" of bunch a That’s break. a me Give class? middle the about cares he says “He —@MikeBloomberg States.” United the of President next the as Clinton Hillary elect we that imperative an is it believe "I race this in stakes the on —@MikeBloomberg demagogue." dangerous a defeat can who candidate the around unite must "We Trump Donald on —@MikeBloomberg father.” my from check million $1 a with it start didn’t I and business, a built "I —@MikeBloomberg thrower." bomb a not solver, problem a is who president a need we believe "I —@MikeBloomberg us!" help God business. his run he’s like nation the run to wants he says "Trump —@MikeBloomberg choice." that make to afford can't we and choice, radical and reckless, risky, a is Trump is line bottom "The —@MikeBloomberg reality!" is this television, reality not is this that understands Clinton "Hillary —@MikeBloomberg hypocrisy." his is Trump Donald about thing richest "The —Tim Annella." and Woody Nat, children: wonderful three my and Anne wife beautiful my thank to want "I @timkaine: RT —Tim States!" United the of president vice be to nomination party's my accept humbly "I @timkaine: RT https://… carpentry." &amp; welding kids taught I Honduras. in missionaries Jesuit with volunteer to school law off year a took "I @timkaine: RT —Tim Party!" Democratic the in here right you for home a got we've Lincoln, of Party that for looking are you of any "If @timkaine: RT país"–@t… nuestro en aquí latina comunidad la de valores mismos Los trabajo. y familia fe, pueblo: del valores los "Aprendí @Hillary_esp: RT —Tim do.” people last—tough don't times tough hey, but 1930s, the since recession deepest the through state my steer to had “I @timkaine: RT Clinton… Hillary that senator a fantastic how you tell will listening, is nobody sure made they've "Republican @timkaine: RT keep… to Hillary trusts She deported? be would parents her feared who Monday on from heard we girl little the Karla, Remember @timkaine: RT —@TimKaine himself!" It's too. passion, a has Trump Donald families. and kids for passion a has "Hillary stiffed. got all They succeed. them help would he said he when Trump Donald believed students University Trump of Thousands @timkaine: RT mouth." Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, @timkaine: RT j… the for ready she’s proven who’s candidate The job. the with trusted be can she proven who's candidate the elect better "We @timkaine: RT tog… stronger we're knows she because ready She's experience. her of because ready She's heart. her of because ready Hillary's @timkaine: RT —@TimKaine mouth.” Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, —@TimKaine lead." to Ready win. to Ready fight. to Ready ready. is "Hillary go! to ready up, Fired —@POTUS time." first very the for convention this addressed I tonight, ago years "Twelve —@POTUS faith.” with filled was I but crowd, big a such addressing nervous little a in time first that young so was "I —@POTUS future" the about optimistic more even am I you tell to president, your as terms two almost after tonight, again you before stand "I —@POTUS everybody.” for right a is It few. a for privilege a not is America in care health that declared we trying, of century a "After —@POTUS Laden." bin Osama to justice delivered we and families, their to home troops our of more brought "We —@POTUS land.” the across reality a now is equality marriage and limits, no has love that learned “America —@POTUS started.” we when was it than prosperous more and stronger is country our measures, many so “By —@POTUS raise.” a or job good a of need in still American every for do to work More do. to work more have still “We —@POTUS equal.” created are us of all creed—that founding our to up living or union our perfecting done not "We’re —@POTUS experiment” American great this to true stay we choice fundamental more a is election…this typical your not is “This convention GOP week’s last on —@POTUS other.” each against turn we where country a of vision pessimistic deeply a was heard we “What —@POTUS generous.” and decent is know I America The ingenuity. and optimism, and courage, of full is know I America "The —@POTUS America.” with right is what is anything, than more seen, also I’ve country…what this traveled I’ve “As —@POTUS together.” stronger are we that believe who faith every background, every party, every of Americans is see I "What —@POTUS Clinton.” Hillary States United the of president next barriers, down break to plans real with leader “A election 2008 the on —@POTUS heels.” in backwards was it Rogers, Ginger like just but was, I everything doing was “She —@POTUS decisions.” those of part been she’s room; the in been Hillary’s Office…but Oval the of demands the for you prepares truly “Nothing Hillary on —@POTUS Laden” bin Osama out took that mission the of favor in argued forcefully and Room Situation the in me with sat “She Hillary on —@POTUS quits." ever never, She down. her knock to try people much how matter No odds. the daunting how matter "No —@POTUS America.” of States United the of president as serve to Clinton Hillary than qualified more woman a or man a been never has “There —@POTUS president.” vice great a be will He know. I anyone as servant, public a committed and humble as man, a good as is Kaine “Tim —@POTUS vote!” boo, "Don't —@POTUS either.” guy facts a really not guy, plans a really not He’s Trump. Donald there’s “Then —@POTUS serve.” they people the by but leaders, by just not world, the around respected is Clinton "Hillary —@POTUS destroyed.” is ISIL until relent won’t Hillary know "I Hillary on —@POTUS Commander-in-Chief.” next the be to ready is she and fit is "She —@POTUS weak.” is America suggests disaster…he a military our calls Trump Donald "Meanwhile, —@POTUS Trump.” Donald on depend not does greatness, our strength, our you, promise I &amp; strong already is America great. already is "America —@POTUS fix.'" can he only that scene' crime divided 'a it calls Trump Donald hill.' a on city shining 'a America called Reagan "Ronald —@POTUS destiny." own our shape to capacity The birthright. our That’s are. we who "That’s —@POTUS together.” us, by achieved be can what about been always It’s us. for do he’ll says person one what about been never has "America Hillary on —@POTUS other.” each in ourselves see and other, each to listen to have we happen, to progress for that knows "She —@POTUS contain.” ever will wall no something is Dream American “The —@POTUS between.” in days the all but year, election an during just it—not want gotta we but America, works, "Democracy —@POTUS done.” job the get they until accountable them hold then and ticket, the down and up Democrats for vote and out get to need all "We —@POTUS president." as serve to Clinton Hillary than qualified more woman a or man a been never has "There —@POTUS noticed." always haven’t we if even us, for there been She’s arena. the in woman that is Clinton "Hillary —@POTUS can.’” we 'yes about It’s will.' he 'yes about isn’t America sport. spectator a isn’t “Democracy —@POTUS own.” our on are we than together stronger people, one as it, embrace we it, shape we future; the fear don’t "We —@POTUS me.” carried you way same the her carry to you ask I me. for did you what Clinton Hillary for do to you ask I "Tonight, —@POTUS hope.” about talked I when ago, years twelve about talking was I who “You’re —@POTUS baton.” the pass to ready I’m now And years. eight past these hope that vindicated have you "America, —@POTUS president” next the as Clinton Hillary elect to us; in best what’s summon reject to me, join to you asking "I’m —@POTUS America!" of States United the bless God going. it keep Let’s journey. incredible this for you "Thank @POTUS. back, you love We us of All From: @POTUS To: @HFA: RT me.” carried you way same the her carry to you ask I me. for did you what Clinton Hillary for do to you ask "I house: the down brought @POTUS ticket—and the to @TimKaine welcomed officially the three, day On baton. the pass to Ready —@POTUS quits." ever never, she down, her knock to try people much how matter no odds; the daunting how matter "No … minute: a than less in Trump Donald with wrong that's about lot whole a up sum Bloomberg Michael Watch @TheBriefing2016: RT … down. you let won't I president. vice for nomination Democratic the accept to life my of honor the was It @timkaine: RT https://t… remarks! my are Here rights. LGBT for fight who all and watched who all to Thanks @SarahEMcBride: RT https:… —@DoloresHuerta. trabajadores” mujeres, humanos, derechos los por vida mi toda luchado he que igual “Al @Hillary_esp: RT throwed. stay won't @HillaryClinton — @RepCleaver to listen better You @MoDemParty: RT Hillary on —@Clairecmc life.” my of tests toughest the of one during strength me gave words “Her nomination. the accepts officially Hillary as the at look exclusive an for in Tune happening. all It's … NC 21, —Ebony, well." as it see to getting finally are grandma my and mom my and history, through living "I'm @HFA: RT night. last back nothing exactly holding —@JoeBiden, malarkey!" of bunch a "That's @TheBriefing2016: RT forget. never we'll night A —@JenGranholm children." our are These us. of all hurts it children, its poisons water Flint's "When Barber William —Rev. wrong." vs. right are they conservative, vs. liberal or right vs. left not are issues "Some → nomination the accepts officially Hillary before @DemConvention the at look exclusive an Get live: Watch stage: the takes Hillary before floor the from latest the Get -H possible. moment this made who everyone to grateful so I’m president. for nomination your accept and out head to About —@KatyPerry too." Hillary love right—I "That's ready. Getting —@ChelseaClinton daughter.” proud very very, a particular, in tonight, and mother, proud a Democrat, proud a American, proud a as here "I’m proud. So —@ChelseaClinton isn’t.” there family, that for mother, that for that knows she because lose to moment a isn’t there like feels always "She —@ChelseaClinton for.” fighting she’s who forgets ever never, she because It’s how: it?…Here’s do she does How time: the all me ask "People —@ChelseaClinton world.” the around and home at rights…here human are rights women’s knows woman…who a for voting I’m November, “This —@ChelseaClinton tonight.” you of proud so so, be would Grandma "Mom, —@ChelseaClinton me.” for there always always, was she life, her in happening was what of "Regardless —Hillary become." you’ve woman the of proud so and mother your be to proud so am I you. thank "Chelsea, —Hillary strong.” going still is it ago, years 45 library law the in started we conversation that "Bill, —Hillary Obama.” Barack hope, of man the And Clinton. Bill Hope, from man the heard “We —Hillary friendship." his of because better am I and leadership, Obama's President of because stronger is "America —Hillary people." working to commitment party’s our about heart big his from spoke He from…@JoeBiden. heard "We —Hillary president." vice our as proud country whole the make @'ll know to getting just are who there out you of those "For —Hillary Americans.” of millions inspired campaign your Bernie, Sanders. Bernie thank to want "I @BernieSanders on —Hillary you." heard I've know, to you want I country: the around and here supporters your of all "To —Hillary belong.” they where center and front issues justice social and economic put you’ve “@BernieSanders, —Hillary together.” stronger are we that truth enduring the embraced Founders "Our —Hillary together.” rise all can we so together work to going we’re whether decide to have “We other." each fear and future the fear to us wants divide to wants He convention. his at week last answer Trump’s Donald heard "We Trump on —Hillary America.’” in 'Midnight to America’ in 'Morning from way, long a Party Republican the taken "He's itself.” fear is fear to have we thing only “The ago: years 80 than more Trump Donald to rebuke perfect the with up came FDR —Hillary one." get can job good a wants who everyone where economy an build will we wall—instead, a build not will "We —Hillary terrorism." defeat and fight to allies our and Americans all with work will religion—we a ban not will "We —Hillary had." ever we've people young generous and tolerant most the have We world. the in people diverse and dynamic most the have "We do. takes—we it what have don’t we you tell anyone let Don’t not. weak—we’re is country our that you tell anyone let Don’t —Hillary Cleveland." in words Trump’s Donald actually were those Yes, it.’ fix can alone 'I says who anyone believe "Don’t —Hillary together!’” it fix ‘We’ll say, They it.' fix can alone 'I say, don’t "Americans —Hillary alone.” totally country a lift or community a heal business, a build family, a raise can us of "None —Hillary been." always we’ve country the for principle guiding a It’s campaign. our for slogan a just Together’ "'Stronger —Hillary president!" for nomination your accept I that promise America’s in confidence boundless and determination, humility, with is "It —Hillary part." 'public' the than me to easier come always has part 'service' the service, public of years these all "Through —Hillary States!” United the of president for nomination your accept "I —Hillary up." other each lift and other each for out look to have We alone. life through gets one "No —Hillary laws." and hearts both change to have you progress, real drive To enough. not is caring "Simply deal." big a It’s family. your it’s if kid, your it’s if detail a just not it’s of details the sweat I true: "It’s Americans." all successful…for the and striving the struggling, the For Independents. and Republicans, Democrats, for president a be will "I —Hillary president." for woman a nominated has party major a that time first a reached "We’ve —Hillary limit." the sky’s the ceilings, no are there for way the clears it anyone, for America, in falls barrier any "When —Hillary people.” working of party the are we “Democrats, States." United the in here right wages rising with jobs good more and opportunity more create to be will president as mission primary "My —Hillary should." it way the working isn't democracy our because should it way the working isn't economy our that believe "I —Hillary House!” White the to us with voices your of all carry will I help, your “With —Hillary United!” Citizens overturn to amendment constitutional a pass “We'll —Hillary other." the with slips pink out give and hand one with breaks tax take to wrong "It’s —Hillary jobs." energy clean good-paying of millions creating while planet our save can we that and real is change climate that believe "I out." them kick to inhumane and self-defeating be would it economy, our to contributing immigrants hardworking of millions have we "When —Hillary do." to thing right the it’s and together, families keep and economy our grow will reform immigration "Comprehensive —Hillary us." join bonuses, executive pad not workers, their with profits share should companies that believe you "If —Hillary us!” join decisions, care heath own her make to right woman's a protect and Security Social expand should we believe you "If —Hillary us!” join pay, equal deserve daughter or sister, wife, mother, working your that believe you “If —Hillary all." for debt-free and class middle the for tuition-free college make to together work will I and Sanders "Bernie —Hillary it.” do to able be should you it, dream can you if America, In banks. of lots parking the in die dreams many too “Way —Hillary in!” me deal then card, woman the playing is leave family paid and care child affordable for fighting "If —Hillary us!” join care, health affordable to right the has America in child &amp; woman man, every that believe you "If —Hillary bills" his pay to refused Trump Donald because everything lost who businesses small and contractors find will City…you Atlantic "In —Hillary: vote!” boo, Don’t night: last said president the what "Remember Michigan." not Mexico, in suits Trump Colorado. not China, in ties Trump make to him leads First America of part what me to explain "Please —Hillary again." America in things making actually by start could he again—well, great America make to wants he says Trump "Donald —Hillary priority.” highest my be will work that do who people the honoring and safe nation our "Keeping —Hillary commitments" their to accountable country every hold to have we Now agreement. climate global a shaped we that proud "I'm —Hillary don't.” you Donald, No, do.' generals the than ISIS about more know 'I quote, a is this and says, Trump "Donald —Hillary country." our serve to lives their risk who women and men the respect should president "A crisis." real a facing Office Oval the in him presidential a of rough-and-tumble the handle even can't Trump "Donald —Hillary weapons." nuclear with trust can we man a not is tweet a with bait can you man "A —Hillary lobby." gun the of pocket the in who’s president a have to afford can’t also we safe, country our keeping about serious we’re "If —Hillary place.” first the in gun a have shouldn't who someone by shot be to you want don't just I guns. your away take to here not "I'm shoes. other’s each in Walking other. each Hearing other. each to listening start to need We —Hillary country.” our in divides the heal to have We here. ground common find can't we believe to refuse "I disposable. are lives their feel and racism systemic of effects the face who people Latino &amp; black young of shoes the in ourselves put Let’s —Hillary it.” is This Trump. Donald other no is There truth: sad the “Here's —Hillary promises.” empty offering he’s change, real offering not Trump's Donald bombast. and bigotry the with “Enough —Hillary alone.” it do us…can of None stronger. and fairer, freer, country our make to together come has Americans of generation Every Dorothy mom, her from advice on —Hillary bullies." to up stand to have You right. was any from down back me let never "She right" for fighting keep working, keep to me urging voice her hear still I And day. every her miss I but ago years few a mother our lost "We Americans!" fellow my together stronger be let's So choose. to ours is destiny America's Yes, do. we what watching is world the "Yes, together. stronger always we’re America, In Twitter… the get (She'll @POTUS. next our be should Hillary why That's quits. never She ready. She's tested. She's speech. Great @POTUS: RT you. Thank together. this, win go Let's husband. her president—and next The children." beloved our for tomorrow better a build Let’s confidence. and courage with future the to look "Let’s … about. is election this what That's another. one serve and can you good the all Do belief: basic this share We @timkaine: RT ticket: Democratic official the as rally campaign first their at Philadelphia in stage the take @TimKaine &amp; Hillary Obama." Barack hope, of man the &amp; Clinton Bill Hope, from man the heard We ! an such been has "This started?" all it where than campaign this off kick to place better what So America. to case our make to days 100 have we tomorrow, of “As —Hillary together." stronger are We know: we what knew they because nation one create to together came Founders "Our —Hillary: top." the at those just not everyone, for work economy this make to got "We've —Hillary America.” in everyone liberates it America, in barrier a down knock we time every believe I Trump, Donald to “Contrary story: his told parents his night, Last unit. his saved actions his when values our of best the embodied Khan Capt. -H easier. voting make to fighting keep Let’s law. discrimination voter NC a down struck just Circuit 4th the as democracy for victory Big action: blocking stop to Republicans for critical more even it’s FL, in Zika of transmission local first the With books. history the for Headlines president. becoming from him stop to days 102 have We America. of picture divisive dark, a painted has Trump Donald balloons.) were (There Thursday. on president for nomination Democratic the accepted Hillary Khan. Humayun Captain Army by set example the than further no look need you America, of best the see to want you If bound! Philly dad. cool a am I Try? Philadelphia. from @jorgeramosnews joining be to Happy morning! this speaker a as @MartinOMalley have to Glad @KyDems: RT … morning! this breakfast delegation our by stopping for @MartinOMalley Gov. to thanks huge A @DrAndyMc: RT nerd. history a always nerd, history a Once 7! at in Tune tonight. for speech my on touches final the Putting come. they as tough as is @HillaryClinton you tell to here am I And her. against competed I've @HillaryClinton, with worked I've college. to kid a sent or home family's a protected never Anger child. hungry a fed never anger But weapon. a into anger turns Trump Dream! American the in believe We nightmare. American Trump's with hell to say I poverty. in children their raise to have should hard works who family American no that believes, @HillaryClinton as believe, We Liberty! of Statue the is it wire barbed the not is States United the of symbol enduring the understands .@HillaryClinton House! White The hers: in woman tough a and place, his in bully racist a put to time It's … . contra fuertes frases algunas tuvo @hillary_esp, de rival ex .@MartinOMalley, @UniPolitica: RT time." our is it now but week, last moment their had fear and "Anger .@MartinOMalley: @ThisWeekABC: RT … —@MartinOMalley House!" White hers—the in woman tough a and place his in racist bully, a put to time "It’s @HillaryClinton: RT love. we America the is This … event. our at America of history the in immigration of importance the to speaks .@MartinOMalley @FWD_us: RT all We're speech. amazing @HillaryClinton's from back coming @PeteButtigieg, Mayor friend, my Saw health. public and resources natural air, water, land, our to poses fracking dangers the against guard safely can regulation of amount No . and fracking ban must We defects. birth and cancer lung cause to known are fracking in used chemicals toxic The taxes. of share fair their paying start wealthy the that demand that policies tax need we inequality, wealth and income massive of time a At contributors. campaign wealthy of handful a just not Americans, all represents which government a have to us for time is It process. nominating the reform and Party Democratic the democratize to fight the in victory tremendous a is This … leak. email DNC following period" resign, "should Schultz Wasserman Debbie says .@BernieSanders @ThisWeekABC: RT defeated" be to got has Trump understand supporters my of "Most .@BernieSanders: @ABCPolitics: RT justice. environmental and racial social, economic, of principles the on based government a for fighting keep We'll race. 2016 the in occur not did which something process, nominating presidential the in impartial remain always must leadership party The Resignation Chair DNC on Statement Sanders primaries. open for time It's process. nominee Democratic the in participate not could voters Independent million 3 York New of State the In poverty! in living are who country this in people million 47 the for up stand to prepared is which party a need We America! across agenda progressive a enacting about is It president. a electing than more about is campaign this one: day since it said I've Philadelphia! in revolution our representing delegates the of all to you Thank future! that shaping in role a want they and America, of future the are people Young watch? you Will movement. our of future the address I'll Convention National Democratic the at Tonight house. White the to Clinton Hillary elect to can we everything do and Trump Donald defeat to got have We continues. justice environmental and racial economic, social, for fight the but go and come Days Election below. Twitter on in Tune . the addresses Sanders Bernie Live: @gov: RT tonight. here delegates pledged the of percent 46 us giving revolution, political the for voted who Americans million 13 the to you Thank night. Tuesday on call roll the during votes your to forward look I done. you’ve work the all for you Thank delegates: my to And accomplished. we've what in pride take But am. I than disappointed more is one no that say to fair it’s think I disappointed. are here Many @BernieSanders continues." revolution "Our @DemConvention: RT continues. – revolution our – revolution that and America transform to revolution political a begun have we friends, my Together, up. us divide and blacks and women Muslims, Latinos, insult who leaders not stronger, us make and together us bring who leaders need We $ below wage minimum the lower to right the have should states believes he billionaires, for breaks tax huge in believes Trump While Court. Supreme the of future the about Think wrong. you're out: it sit can you think you if important, is election this believe don’t you If about. is democracy what and campaign this what That’s issues. of number a on disagree I and Clinton Hillary that secret no is It presidency! Clinton Hillary a and House Democratic a Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform progressive a see to is now job Our Revolution: Our Join done. not is fight our but unprecedented, is together done have we What Philadelphia! you, Thank tweet. Never … doors" its open to "needs Party Democratic The breakfast: delegation York New at .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT … DNCC. the at @BernieSanders friend my nominate to today opportunity the have to Proud @TulsiGabbard: RT America. transforming about is it significantly, more Far president. a electing about just not is election This end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions political But go. and come days Election defeated. or stopped be never can it love, by fueled movement a is this because friends, My @TulsiGabbard: RT together. Stronger @HillaryClinton: RT cells. jail in not jobs, good at and schools good in are country this in people young that sure making about is election This together. stand – us of all – American Native Asian-American, Latino, white, and black when stronger become We together. achieved have we accomplishments historical the in pride enormous Take country. our across Americans working-class affecting are that issues the for advocating for @KillerMike you Thank need. they medicine the afford to unable are Americans five in one while profits in billions making be not should companies Drug Depression. Great the since downturn economic worst the caused Street Wall on behavior illegal and greed the that forget to us wants GOP The National Democratic the at vote call roll night's last from moment beautiful truly A democracy. American revitalize and together come to families of millions for time the is ever, than more Now, America. of States United the of history modern the in candidate Republican worst the honestly, quite is now with dealing are we What happen. that let can't We insurance. health of off people million 20 throw and Act Care Affordable the abolish to wants Trump 1928. since been has it worst the experience, currently we that inequality wealth and income of level grotesque the end must We together. stronger are We achievement. historic this on @HillaryClinton congratulate I win. to them allow gonna we're that war a not it's clear, be me let and, women against war a waging are Republicans billionaires. from collect can you money of amount the on not character, your and ideas your on based elections winning try Republicans: veterans. disabled and seniors for benefits Security Social cut not will we no, Republicans: tell must we clearly, and Loudly disagree. strongly I body. own her control to right the has country, this in woman no that is saying are Republicans What concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic and anti-immigrant the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We services. and goods purchase and out go who people of millions but corporations, large the of CEOs the not are creators job so-called The soul. and body in injured war from home came who people those with stand to have we anything, for stands country this If United. Citizens overturn not do we if democracy our and campaigns our on have can interests corporate impact the to end no be will There fraudsters. poor—not the and people young students, college elderly, the affect mostly They vote. the suppress to designed are laws ID Voter time. our of crisis global the is which change, climate of reality the ignore to continue Republicans that inconceivable it find I end. not will and cannot fight That 1%. the just not us, of all represents that government a for fighting continue to got have We interests. special powerful to up stand and class billionaire the on take will we that America of families working the to clear make must We rights. constitutional others’ of expense the at come to have not does liberty Religious bodies. women’s on regulations force they but government, intrusive less want to claim Republicans quo. status the change cannot we you tells who anyone believe Don't up. bottom the from comes it down, top the from place takes never Change people. vulnerable most our and poor the for care take we how is progress our of test the that said he when right absolutely was FDR powerful. the on take to prepared are and people American the with stand they that clear it making by success electoral find would Democrats poverty. in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works America in someone If important. very is it but easy, not is it know I brave. is issues raising and Americans fellow your for out Speaking bailout. a got economy our and businesses own their crashed who bankers yet debt, insurmountable with hit gets hard studies who student A off? us ripping are who companies drug to up stand to guts the have we Do this: to down comes America in prices drug of future The concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic and anti-immigrant the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We "hoax." a it call They it? address Republicans will How planet. our facing crisis environmental greatest the is change Climate bills. their pay to just jobs three or two work must more millions and poverty in live workers full-time of millions that disgraceful is It richer. billionaires make to day after day works economy our yet need, people what provide and hungry the feed to enough producing are We infrastructure. our rebuilding done be to work enormous is there when underemployed or unemployed are workers of millions that absurd is It cells. jail in not jobs, good at and schools good in be should country this in people Young country. this in interests money big the on taking and be that powers the to up standing for Reid, Harry you, Thank about. is nature human what That's together. this in are we that is life whole my believed have I What become. can we know all we country of kind the create to fight straight, and gay old, and young women, and men when stronger become We outrage! an What wage. minimum the cut to able be actually should states that but billionaires, for breaks tax huge in believe Republicans 90%. bottom the as wealth much as almost own now percent one of one-tenth top the that sustainable not and acceptable not moral, not is It up. on bottom the from only happens it year, one or day one in happen not does change, real change, Social continues. 1% the just not and us of all represents which government a create to people the of struggle the But go. and come days Election insane. That's debt. of mountain a with school leave more millions and college to go to afford can't kids bright of thousands of Hundreds government. the not woman, the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The bribery. legalized to amounts that system finance campaign a today have We ourselves. kid not Let's down. trickle to it for waiting done are people our of rest The top. the at those for off paid has corporations for rates growth High insurance. health off Americans more million 20 Throw answer? Republicans' What's care. health have don't still Americans million 28 racism. of stain ugly the of country this rid to can I everything do will I camps. concentration in died family father’s My Jewish. I’m racism. of forms all end and together stand to have we anything for stand we If America. in Muslims against generated being is hate of Lots —@timkaine them." to listens She people. insult doesn’t She Trump. Donald of opposite exact the is Clinton "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT —@timkaine optimist.’” an be right, do to want you me…‘if told once mom “My @HillaryClinton: RT —@timkaine life.” my of decision best the remains, and was, Anne "Marrying @HillaryClinton: RT —@TimKaine delivered.” always has she And Hillary. in faith and trust their put who’ve people of lot awful an are "There @HillaryClinton: RT preventing… on —@TimKaine loopholes.” close and checks background universal get we not will I and "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT … —@TimKaine States.” United the of president 45th the Clinton Hillary elect and history make go “Let’s @HillaryClinton: RT air! hot the brought who one the You're it. for them pay should you &amp; fine is AC Roanoke Hotel the .@realDonaldTrump in. all it Taking delegation. Florida the of member this to off Hats optimist. an be right, do to want you If right. do or right be to whether decide to have all We serve. to chance the for Grateful results. gets Hillary results—and deliver can you if is politics in matters What … → stage the take @POTUS and @TimKaine, @JoeBiden, as Facebook on live of three night Watch @HillaryClinton: RT —Tim Annella." and Woody Nat, children: wonderful three my and Anne wife beautiful my thank to want "I —Tim States!" United the of president vice be to nomination party's my accept humbly "I —Tim happened:" it how you tell me let but here, be to expected never "I it" do businesses family small how 's pitched I &amp; brothers My salesman. best his was mom ironworking union a ran dad "My carpentry." &amp; welding kids taught I Honduras. in missionaries Jesuit with volunteer to school law off year a took "I —Tim world." the in husband luckiest the am I and years, 32 almost for married been have I and "Anne —Tim Party!" Democratic the in here right you for home a got we've Lincoln, of Party that for looking are you of any "If —Tim do.” people last—tough don't times tough hey, but 1930s, the since recession deepest the through state my steer to had “I —Tim was.” Clinton Hillary that senator a fantastic how you tell will listening, is nobody sure made they've "Republican ourselves. as neighbors our love must we and neighbors all We're together. them keep to Hillary trusts She deported? be would parents her feared who Monday on from heard we girl little the Karla, Remember safe. daughters and sons mothers' other keep to Hillary trust They night? last from heard we Movement the of Mothers the Remember … —@TimKaine himself!" It's too. passion, a has Trump Donald families. and kids for passion a has "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT —Tim me.'" 'Believe biggest his makes he after right words two same the saying of habit a has lot, a "promises Trump stiffed. got all They succeed. them help would he said he when Trump Donald believed students University Trump of Thousands mouth." Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, —Tim comments." offensive his after him for vote could woman any how know didn't she said she Bush: Barbara Lady First former from it "Take —Tim job." the for ready she’s proven who’s candidate The job. the with trusted be can she proven who's candidate the elect better "We together. stronger we're knows she because ready She's experience. her of because ready She's heart. her of because ready Hillary's —@TimKaine mouth.” Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, @HillaryClinton: RT —@TimKaine lead." to Ready win. to Ready fight. to Ready ready. is "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT presid… vice great a be will He know. I anyone as servant, public a committed and humble as man, a good as is Kaine “Tim @HillaryClinton: RT gr… a make will he know I speech. his during out came service to commitment and integrity spirit, genuine @timkaine's Sen. @MagicJohnson: RT down. you let won't I president. vice for nomination Democratic the accept to life my of honor the was It pre… vice our as proud country whole the make @'ll know to getting just are who there out you of those "For @HillaryClinton: RT about. is election this what That's another. one serve and can you good the all Do belief: basic this share We htt… ticket: Democratic official the as rally campaign first their at Philadelphia in stage the take @TimKaine &amp; Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT territory. dangerous into veered and facts of basis the left has emails Hillary's on reporting The repay. fully never can we that people American Native the owe we that debt a have We much: how out find to Click plan. college our with save could You college to going Are ✓ debt student Have ✓ you: If vote. to right the have even didn't they president, for running weren't women ago years 100 that understand we when about comes Change hour. an $ of wage minimum starvation the in increase an for call to guts the have doesn't Trump like billionaire a that amazing It's America. in goods your make and example by lead you don't why trade about speeches giving of instead Trump: Donald to say I stark: more be couldn't change climate on choice The @HFA: RT of—together. proud be all can we country a building about is election this that us remind help that Photos —@BostonGlobe choice." right the also she’s — election this in choice safe only the just not is Clinton "Hillary … guesses! best the of some see to reel the through Tap returns? tax his in hiding Trump's what Wonder @TheBriefing2016: RT wrong. dead They're broke. going is tax, payroll the by funded is which Security, Social us tell misinformation right-wing and Street Wall years. 19 next the for American eligible every to owed benefit every pay can It surplus. trillion $ a has Security Social year. a $118,500 makes who someone as Security Social into money of amount same the pays billionaire a now Right years. 50 next the for solvency its extend and Security Social into pays year a $250k over making everyone that so cap this lift can We do. to us want people American the of majority vast the what also is it perspective, moral a from do to thing right the this is only Not water. our poisons and risks earthquake increases crisis, climate the to contributes Fracking answer. the not is Fracking cars. million as planet the on impact same the have would pipeline Access Dakota The elections. buy to Adelson Sheldon like billionaires allows which United, Citizens overturn will who justices Court Supreme need We Kain… —Tim positiva” visión esta explicar a va ella y Podemos Juntos Together', 'Stronger visión: una tiene “Hillary drug cancer in hikes price explain to data for Ariad asks .@SenSanders @statnews: RT Machado Alicia on morning this —Trump problem." real a was of amount massive a gained "She … is This choices. make all We country. the over all from Americans young meet to fortunate been I've @AndrewJenks: RT … @KatieMcGintyPA: and @HillaryClinton like Democrats for vote and Register @JoeBiden: RT https://t… serio". problema un era de mucho "Aumentó mañana: Esta Piggy" "Miss 1996: en Machado Alicia sobre Trump @Hillary_esp: RT it. repeat don’t we sure make to work is do can we what But country. this in injustice racial of history long a is there that deny cannot We wads." spit verbal of petulance the with criticism to responds Trump down. back doesn’t She tough. "She’s prices. drug prescription regulate doesn't that – one only the – Earth on country major only the is States United The taxes. their cut to want who Congress in Republicans have we but $250,000, over earning people on taxes raising support Republicans of 54% lobbying. on billion $3 spent has industry drug the 1998 Since this: to listen prices drug high such pay we why understand to want you If @USATF! of history the in woman decorated most the to Congrats medal. Olympic 7th her won @allysonfelix night, Last → trail campaign the on Tim with out hang to chance a for name your Add https… College: State Keene at @HillaryClinton for campaigns @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @WMUR9: RT burden. the shoulder to have to taxpayers for acceptable it’s mean doesn’t that but legally, taxes their dodge may Corporations taxes avoid Trump lets that loophole tax close to vows Sanders Bernie @thinkprogress: RT interest." of conflicts serious raise will makes [Trump] decision policy foreign every "Almost must-read: Today's answer—now. to needs Trump that questions 20 are here ties, dangerous Organization's Trump the on report @kurteichenwald's of light In president? become you if criminals and organizations, questionable leaders, foreign to linked company your with ties sever you Will 1. States? United the of those with conflict interests whose parties with obligations contractual non-cancelable handle you will How 2. abroad? actors bad to ties financial dangerous have not do you that confirm you will how returns, tax your release to refusing While 3. Who? with? deal a make to willing aren't you anyone there dictator—is and terrorist known Qaddafi—a with work to willing were you If 4. laundering? money Iranian to connected someone with partnership business your given Iran, on tough be you can How 5. this? to answer your is what allies, NATO to commitments our questioned already you've that Given 6. partners? business your for benefits financial potential by dictated be policy foreign your would extent what To 7. clemency. of form some @Snowden granted government our if served best be would justice of interests The this. read to want to going You’re … new this in to chosen she's why explains &amp; @HillaryClinton for case the makes passionately @AliciaKeys WATCH: MUST @MoveOn: RT Repub… your including friends, your to talk gotta You calls. phone make to you need I doors. on knock to you need “I here: RSVP Wednesday! on Arizona to return will @HillaryClinton BREAKING: @HillaryforAZ: RT her: Join Hillary. for calls making is .@ElizabethforMA Hillary. endorse to tradition with breaking are country the across magazines and Newspapers vote: to plan a make And now: in Tune Iowa. in trail the on Hillary’s and go to days 11 them: Join —Hillary election.” this in voted already have people million than “More they. can so it, do can Ruline If vote. to busy too they’re you tell anyone let Don’t that. than better We're Trump on —Hillary way.” possible every in themselves, about terrible feel women making relishes who man a is "This —Hillary ballot.” the on granddaughters—are and daughters our of futures the futures, rights—our and health Women’s mistake: no "Make home. stay to color of people Get home. stay to people young Get home. stay to women Get strategy: campaign Trump’s in. live they code ZIP what matter no teachers, good with schools good deserve kids Our steroids. on economics trickle-down It’s corporations. and millionaires to cuts tax in trillions give to wants Trump today: vote to plan a make can friends your so RT —Hillary America.” better a for voting in me “Join chairmen GOP to letter Comey to response in @johnpodesta from Statement @brianefallon: RT Trump —Donald that." like things with away get of sort I wait. even don’t I kiss. “Just vote: to plan a Make → go to days 11 with IA Moines, Des in campaigns Hillary live: Watch them: Join voting. are Americans of millions democracy, on attack unprecedented an making is Trump While everybody." for hard as just work to going Independents…I’m Republicans, country—Democrats, this in everyone for president a be to want "I laws. our reform to together people bring to need We violence. gun by apart ripped been have families many Too else. everyone for debt-free and year a $125,000 than less making families for tuition-free colleges public make to going We’re highways. our for $0 college, afford people help to Grants Pell for $0 military, our for $0 contributed has Trump left: days 11 just with Florida in live @POTUS Join go. to Ready up. Fired —@POTUS contract." TV a or course, golf new a or hotel, new a pitching about is politics that think kids our let shouldn’t "We —@POTUS forward.” country this moving life entire her spent has who president, female first our woman, a elect to chance a have "You —@POTUS States.” United the of president as Clinton Hillary elect will you then fear, of instead hope want you "If event: an at you see to Hope today! area your in here I'm Angeles: Los in Friends people… the represents who Congress in non-ideologue a deserves Valley. Simi in @BryanCaforio join to Thrilled people. working for fights that administration an appointing &amp; leading by together people bring can president new A @BernieSanders involved! be to you need we work to democracy For @SueMinterVT: RT wealthy. the represent who'll candidates for elections buy to trying are billionaires decision United Citizens disastrous the of result a As change. real for time it's Now rights. sovereign American Native respect to promise its broken has government the over and Over prisons. private inhumane and costly eliminate must We prisoners. replace to immigrants use shouldn’t ICE Dispute Pipeline Access Dakota in Intervene to President on Calls Sanders NEWS: Pipeline. Access Dakota the oppose to gathered protesters peaceful the of safety the protect to measures appropriate all take must .@POTUS communities. American Native of rights sovereign &amp; treaty the of ahead profits industry oil putting is government the that distressing It's Pipeline. Access Dakota the against stand similar a take to you ask I pipeline. Keystone the against stand bold a took you .@POTUS come. to generations for fuels fossil burning into us lock that pipelines oil new building be not should We cars. million 21 to equivalent emissions carbon produce would Pipeline Access Dakota the through transported oil the Burning blue: state swing every turn help to do can you what know you let we’ll and have, you time much how us Tell violence. gun to solutions commonsense find to need We agree: Americans Most https://t.… Trump. real the is This campaign. presidential movement's "alt-right" the from reference Nazi unsurprising An @Evan_McMullin: RT student University Trump former Williams, —Danny lies." was University Trump from got ever we "All Hillary: for voting you're if this RT today. to down comes toward worked we’ve Everything tom… @HillaryClinton her show to Hope . her Showed . or be couldn't girls me told once She @JeremyShorr: RT democrat… a in have we instrument or tool nonviolent powerful most the is It sacred. almost precious, is vote to right The @repjohnlewis: RT today. her for home it bring Let’s run. she's campaign the &amp; mom my of proud more be Couldn’t @ChelseaClinton: RT shift:… volunteer a for up sign voted, you’ve Once together. are we stronger much how show we when day the Today's Day! Election Happy https://… you. for is one This you. Love me. remind to here not ur though even today vote to remember I'll Mom, worry, Don't @EricaSmegs: RT too. votes know you everyone and family, your friends, your sure make then - vote Go ballot. the on is progress Today, @POTUS: RT https… States. United the of President next the be to @HillaryClinton for vote my cast proudly I morning This @elizabethforma: RT … amazing! feels it you, tell me Let President. our be to woman 1st the elect to voted just We @JeanneShaheen: RT now: calls make to up signing by win Hillary help Now great! That's voted? Already vote: We high? go we do How … progress. continued our for unity, for voice, our of power the for hopeful feeling up woke I morning, This @aliciakeys: RT hate. trump always will love that world the show let's Today, vote. and out get to time It’s America. in Day Election is Today @VP: RT vote:… go to states battleground key in voters remind and phone the on jump voted, already you’ve If today: vote to where Confirm team. this on you need we and close, be to going It's shift: volunteer a for up sign voted, you’ve Once together. are we stronger much how show we when day the Today's vote: go to supporters Hillary remind to calls Make help. your need states battleground in neighbors Our … volunteers! @HillaryforFL work, Amazing 4pm. of as turnout 2012 total surpassed FL Counties, Orange + Broward Dem Strong @RobbyMook: RT at vote you where Confirm now! vote wait—go Don’t over. almost is Day Election 1-917-444-5915. Call question? a Have vote! can you close, polls before line in are you if Remember, http… vote. can you close, polls when line in you're as long As line. in get to you needs @POTUS NC, voted, haven't you If @HillaryforNC: RT https… president. be can too, she, whether wonder to have again ever will girl little No now. right daughter my about Thinking @timkaine: RT everything. for you thank tonight, happens Whatever of. proud be to much so has team This @HillaryClinton!… for ballot your casting in me join you hope I yet, voted haven't you If Day! Election It's @MomsDemand… today! laws safety gun sense common for Vote - Washington and Nevada, Maine, in Friends for… margin vote largest the w/ @realdonaldtrump fascist that beat Let's 8pm. til open are Polls Maryland: Hey http… vote! and line in stay - PM 8 at close polls the before line in you're if Remember, @mddems: RT Senator next my you call to Proud victory! deserved well your on @VanHollenForMD Congratulations proud Maryland do and Congressman fine a make will You @BrownforMD! friend good my to Congratulations Congress in well Marylanders serve will and lege state the in member standout a was He MD-08. win @jamie_raskin see to Thrilled endures. Love people. good a are we but people, flawless a not are We challenge. this through get will country Our I… side which know I opponent. her fund Billionaires piece. a $19 at contributions of thousands has .@ZephyrTeachout … movement’ national a ‘spark could prices drug in rein to measure ballot state this thinks Sanders Bernie @Wonkblog: RT https://… done! job the get Let's Wisconsinites: for message final one has Russ and , is TODAY @russfeingold: RT excuse! no There's states. many in vote to register to late too not It's vote. to out gets everybody hope I consequence. enormous of election an is Today … vote? and go to than break lunch your use to way better What @Maggie_Hassan: RT badly. him defeat we and Trump Donald defeat we today hope I @PramilaJayapal.… for voting about talking are we revolution, political the continuing about talk we When opportun… the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election today. worker every for in fill can't I vote. the suppressing by themselves protecting politicians cowardly with Enough —&gt; it. do you — vote to you tells Lady First the When @DeborahRossNC: RT governor. for @SueMinterVT voted I why That’s leadership. bold require times Tough m… vote YOUR race. razor-close a in wire the to down are We responsibility. a and right a privilege, and power is Voting @ZephyrTeachout: RT environment. our and liberties civil farmers, family of champion true a are You @PatrickLeahy! Congratulations them: join and vote go to where voted—confirm already have Americans of Millions volunteer. to to Head deck. on hands all need We win! Hillary help to chance last your It’s today. win Hillary help to can you everything doing you’re sure make to to head voted, already you've If too. do, friends your so RT voted, already you've If now: vote Go soon! closing are Polls vote. can you close, polls time the by line in you're If word: the Spread presid… be can too, she, whether wonder to have again ever will girl little No now. right daughter my about Thinking is? it think you do What something. hiding he's because returns tax his release won't Trump saying are people Many on: this take we'll how Here's price-gouging. drug prescription from strain the feeling are America across Families people. for better life make we whether signing—it's bill the isn't do we what of test The aske… ever Nobody America? in born was I not or whether me asked ever people many how know you Do Poland. in born was dad My @SenSanders: RT American. isn't @POTUS that notion the pushing still Trump's and years, 5 been It's @timkaine: RT that. me asked ever Nobody America? in born was I not or whether me asked ever people many how know you Do Poland. in born was dad My skin. my of color the with do to something has it Maybe American. isn't @POTUS that notion the pushing still Trump's and years, 5 been It's it. is this like, looks actually corruption what see to want you If environment. the and workers represent that groups over America corporate of side the taking are politicians pro-TPP that abhorrent is It Day! Dog National Happy w… It's help. for long too far waited have who Flint of people the on backs their turning again once are Republicans Pipeline Access Dakota of Construction Halt to President Ask Senators NEWS: halted. be should construction pipeline Access Dakota all consulted, are tribes the Until nature. destroy to continue we if survive won't We @nytopinion via president for Clinton Hillary endorses Board Editorial NYT The @nytimes: RT lives. our over influence political and economic unprecedented has that class billionaire American an is aristocracy Today's there. from worse got only it and stage, the took even he before debate night's last lost Trump bonuses. in million $48 out gave company parent its rates, raised and plans eliminated insurer largest Texas' As https:… Clinton Hillary for person in vote to Iowa in first the of one is Steininger Ruline making: the in years 103 vote A @CNNPolitics: RT … why: Here's now. Until history. 148-year its in president for Democrat a endorsed not has paper This @sdutIdeas: RT respect. with women treats he say" "can't he admits Trump here: card his sign to late too not It's birthday! @BillClinton's is Today trail! the on us join to time the taking for @JoeBiden, Thanks, disastrous. are positions Johnson's Gary – equity pay change, climate wage, minimum trade, – issues economic basic the On todos. de dignidad la respetar debemos que recuerda nos necesitados los y pobres los por Teresa Madre de devoción La in. living be should we nation the is that think don't I poor. the for caring than rather wealth worships which nation a in living are We presidency. his of years four Imagine campaign. his of week one just from are lies Trump's on headlines These pipeline dangerous this fighting nations tribal many the and tribe Sioux Rock Standing the with join I Awkward. admitted." be not will hatred and bigotry "Those test: immigration new a for idea Trump's come. to years in worse much become only will situation the today, climate on boldy act we Unless now: Until office. political for candidate a endorsed never has .@ForeignPolicy Trump. for except fun” “having was here Nobody wage. starvation a not wage, living a workers paying means values” family “real view, my In @HuffPostPol via impact. its is This 81. turned just Security Social @danielmarans: RT lie. values their where see you'll and side-by-side plans economic Trump's and Hillary at Look greed… Your hungry. go country this in children while breaks tax huge get can't You say: we class billionaire the To exist." doesn't Trump eyes, your close you "if be to seemed strategy Pence's Mike blood. cold in shot Americans African unarmed seeing of tired am I @TeamUSA. for jump long the in gold win to woman first the became Joyner-Kersee Jackie games, Olympic 1988 the At debates. straight three win you when feeling That election this in footnote a be not should These issues. Latino other or immigration of discussion serious no still &amp; debates presidential 2 risk. at lives of millions putting is greed Their obscene. is industry drug the in gouging price of epidemic The in. living be should we nation the is that think don't I poor. the for caring than rather wealth worships which nation a in living are We E… an win didn't (which Apprentice" "the hosting was Trump Laden, bin Osama on raid the monitoring was Hillary While that. change will and can We ignorance. and fear people's manipulate to been has politics in success to route surefire The started. getting just she's career—and entire her girls and women for fighting been Hillary's own." candidacy—his Presidential a for case the out laying on intent seemed "Pence ugliness. that continue will who president a see to want don't I us. behind days those see to want I homophobia, sexism, racism, of days The choose. you provider health—whichever women's protect to law the reaffirming for @POTUS, Thanks, education. high-quality a to right the has in, live they code zip what or background their matter no child, Every communities. our between walls up put or bias racial of barriers the down break either we’ll November, This inmigración]"—@TimKaine. [sobre división de palabras sus cambiado ha no que demostró Trump Donald "Anoche, country. this of people the off rip to continues industry pharmaceutical the why reason rational no is There … service church Spanish-language a during Spanish in entirely speech a delivers Kaine first, historic a In @CNNPolitics: RT States. United the in born was @POTUS that acknowledge to refuses still nominee Republican the that Astonishing treatment. on and prevention on focus must We families. and lives destroying America, across communities ravaging is epidemic opioid The today: calls Make election. this in difference the make could conversation One them. seeing actually and himself from different someone at looking problem a has Trump Donald … generation. seventh the &amp; water our defend to down lock warriors women Today, @zhaabowekwe: RT House. White the to way the team—all this on be to proud you're if this RT House.… White the in want we team a not is This statements. awful Trump's Donald of any defend not could Pence Tonight @Millennials4Her: RT decades. back send would Trump/Pence women. with standing for @timkaine you Thank @CecileRichards: RT president: vice next our becomes he sure make to now $5 in Pitch @TimKaine. of prouder be Couldn't defend. not can himself he words who's candidate a behind get to Americans asking is Pence : the of takeaway My @jessetyler: RT 10… with Donald touch wouldn't mate. running his for advocate Fierce facts. more honesty, More @timkaine. Winner- @sean_p_thomas: RT p… his force 2 wants @GovPenceIN body." own their over decisions make women "let @timkaine by given debate VP lesson imp Most @Vegalteno: RT defende… and platform own his created He nothing. on Trump defended He astounding. was demonstrated Pence disloyalty The @AJentleson: RT https://t.… House. White the to way the team—all this on be to proud you're if this RT @HillaryClinton: RT aggressio… Russian fight to need the of reminded week, this Church Kostka Stanislaus St. old Pittsburgh's by Walking started. get and to go Just fun! easy—and is Hillary for calls Making Pipeline Access Dakota the against Tribe Sioux Rock Standing the with stand I is… that threat fascist the to succumb won't we that world the shows America &amp; @HillaryClinton until days more 16 Donald. taxes, in share fair their pay folks unless military best the have can't You @timkaine: RT honor. of badge a like @NRA the from rating "F" his wears .@TimKaine here: women young to message @HillaryClinton's of more Read @Refinery29: RT incarceration. their from profiting not beings, human as prisoners treating start must We Use Prison Private End to DHS Ask @RepRaulGrijalva Sanders, NEWS: prisons. private of use its end to DHS for time It's families. separated and policies unjust perpetuated has machine detention immigrant The official! it makes really crossword @WSJ the in pen in @timkaine Seeing @amygdudley: RT there: stop can’t We agreement. climate Paris the joins officially America as reminder A bread.” have who those to justice for hunger and hunger who those to bread “Give asked, we Honduras, in meals Before (Himself.) advisors policy foreign his on Trump —Donald brain.” good very a have “I https:… disponible. mental salud de cuidado mejor el merecen veteranos Los visibles. son heridas las todas No @Hillary_esp: RT Putin. and Russia praised has Trump Donald time first the isn’t this is, part worst The https://t.… Commander-in-Chief. be to deserve doesn't this like families military and veterans our about talks who man A @HillaryClinton: RT secret. super a still is ISIS fight to plan secret super Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT now just Trump, —Donald tweet." correct a is "It happens: never it sure make to in Chip Commander-in-Chief. next our be could Trump Donald president. next the be to ready she's showed who tonight candidate one only was there agree you if 47246 to QUALIFIED Text inadequate. totally is sits it as wage minimum the that recognize to got have just We parents. single are workers low-wage of quarter A down. that tear to trying Donald's democracy—and our of pillar a is power of transfer peaceful The war. a without conflict international resolve to can we that everything doing is about is nation great a What unsustainable. is inequality wealth and income of level this that understand perspective, economic and moral a from to, got have We corruption. That's payback. political for it used and money charitable took Trump Donald class. middle the out bail to turn Street’s Wall it’s Now help. for Congress to begging came they broke, went Street Wall When beco… him let can't We them?" use we can't why them, have we "If weapons: nuclear about this asked reportedly Trump diversity. our celebrate and up, other each lift other, each respect to going are We things. these of all said who —@realDonaldTrump, women." for respect great have "I are. we who not that's But is. he who exactly it's knows it heard who Anyone is. he who represent doesn't video the that said has Trump … ago. Donald by described as women, with behavior of pattern Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT good.” are we because great are we but great, already is America message: a send to want “I is. Trump who just that's apologized—because never has Trump judge. a Insulting family. Star Gold a Attacking reporter. disabled a Mocking wrong. it’s and demeaning, talk—it’s room” “locker just isn’t Donald from hearing we’re what me; Trust @timkaine: RT count. doesn't offended" were you if "Sorry way: the by And conspiracy. racist years-long his for apology an Obama President owes Trump here: So, else. anything for time have wouldn't she time, real in Donald fact-check to tried Hillary If vote: to registered is know you everyone sure make to this RT down. costs get and care health to access expand to plan real a deserve Americans … Americans. million 21 from away insurance health take would plans care health Trump's FACT: @TheBriefing2016: RT http… good. so be gonna It's Seriously. it. That's terrific." "something plan: healthcare Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT everywhere. men to embarrassment an You're assault. sexual That's talk. room locker not that's @realDonaldTrump, No wrong. it’s and demeaning, talk—it’s room” “locker just isn’t Donald from hearing we’re what me; Trust life. of walks all from Americans down putting campaign entire this spent women—he’s on comments Donald’s about just isn’t This … here: So, else. anything for time have wouldn't she time, real in Donald fact-check to tried Hillary If @HillaryClinton: RT down. costs care health bring to work and ACA the with made we’ve progress the on build will Hillary none. have you because plans your us show can’t Donald—you the… to care foster From imagine? you Can House. White the in belonged feel me make to everything did "She Hillary: endorses @NewYorker The life.'" child's my in difference a made You you. 'Thank is, Hillary to say to want I "What -@BernieSanders elections buy cannot billionaires that show will Vermonters @SueMinterVT: RT president. be to unfit totally is Trump prove that debate night's last from moments Six everyone. for works that economy an build to need We friends. his and him for work to America wants Trump missed be will He peace. for voice &amp; statesman great a was He passing. Peres' Shimon President of learn to Saddened Commander-in-Chief. America's be to ready who's election this in candidate one only There's https:… miners coal former for benefits protect would that bill a supporting is Clinton Hillary @businessinsider: RT latina. comunidad la para plan nuestro de Entérate todos. para oportunidades las Ampliemos You? Elizabeth&amp; Bernie&amp; Joe&amp; Michelle&amp; Barack&amp; You? Elizabeth&amp; Bernie&amp; Joe&amp; Michelle&amp; Barack&amp; @HillaryClinton: RT shifts—https://… volunteer Vote The Out Get for up sign to people asking Nebraska for Hillary with here is .@MartinOMalley @HillaryforNE: RT @BradAshford16… and @HillaryClinton for District 2nd the and Nebraska win Let's @HillaryforNE! me having for Thanks … board. the across marks highest the earns @ClintonFdn the of work the agree: watchdogs charity Leading @ClintonFdn: RT become. can we know all we that love on based nation of kind the create and hatred prevent to together come to need We @ImAngelaBassett. and @MsVivicaFox with trail campaign the on day A able: are you if give Please Flint. in now action need We -H violence. and hostility of face the in hope to testament Springs—a Colorado in re-opens Parenthood Planned Today, citizenship. equal full, to path a for longer any wait can’t We system. immigration our fix to have we then families, for are we claim we If today. stories these telling for you Thank violence. gun on act to time It's @IAmSteveHarvey: more, agree Couldn't work! hard your all for volunteers &amp; staff Ohio for Hillary to you Thank @ChelseaClinton: RT Nevada. Vegas, Las in Institute Cosmetology Expertise the from students with pose a Striking @HamiltonMusical.) job, (Great please? politics, to back get we Can -H Constitution. the in there right justices—it's Court Supreme nominate to job @POTUS' it's 2017, 20, Jan. Until 1 -H now. Americans for stakes urgent and real has This usual. as politics for occasion an not is vacancy Court Supreme the fill to need The 2 -H immigration. on actions executive @POTUS' on decide to SCOTUS for waiting are families of millions now, Right 3 -H Court. Supreme the before case a in stake at is vote” one person, "one of principle fundamental the now, Right 4 -H some. or all for reality a be will abortion to right the whether determine could Texas from case a now, right And 5 -H clock. the back turn or equality, and liberty of principles our uphold nation a as we whether determine could decisions These 6 -H low. new A @POTUS. from nomination SCOTUS any block to vowing in time no wasted Republicans balance, the in cases critical these With 7 -H disgraceful. it's righteous, isn’t duty your do to Refusing Constitution: the over politics put would who Republicans for news have I 8 -H nominee. SCOTUS a on vote to days 125 than more taken never has Senate The office. takes president next the until days 339 are There 9 -H 97-0. confirmed was Kennedy Justice too—and year, election an was 1988 year: election an is this that complaints for As 10 -H yours. Do job. his do will @POTUS vacancy. this Fill Republicans: Senate for message a So, 11 vote. to responsibility a has Senate the and justices, Court Supreme nominate to job @POTUS' It's theirs: do to Republicans Senate Tell justice. Court Supreme new a nominating by job his doing is .@POTUS votes. the behind stories are Here box. ballot the to journey own her or his has Everyone color. of communities back hold that barriers down break to need We enough. not that's but reform, finance campaign and Street Wall need We that. fix to need We rate. average the 2x almost at unemployment face Americans black Young do: would plan the what Here’s barriers. racial and economic facing communities help to billion $125 invest will We back. held being are that communities up lift to plans real need We inequality. combating about talk just can't We concert! the for tickets your Get place? one in @andradaymusic—all @eltonofficial, @katyperry, Hillary, discrimination. LGBT to racism systemic from face, we issues the all tackle will who president a need We families: black for barriers down break and racism systemic combat can we how about speaks live—Hillary Watch —Hillary opportunity." of ladders build &amp; Americans, African affect disproportionately that barriers down break we how about talk to want "I community. poor largely black, largely a in happen to allowed was crisis water Flint the that coincidence a not It’s on." all them take to got we’ve &amp; reinforcing, intersectional, They’re challenges. political and social, economic, of set complex a face "We —Hillary country." entire our fleecing with away get CEOs white but crimes petty for arrested get kids black when wrong "Something’s —Hillary racism." systemic of reality the to up facing by begin to have We immoral. also they’re but wrong, are inequities "These clearly." and loudly that say to got We’ve inequality. racial of problems are They inequality. economic of problems only not are "These be. to them want we as just not are, actually they as things see reality—to with grapple to responsibility a has vote your for asking Anyone better." do can we that heart my all with believe I But journey. own my walked I've mistakes; own my made ’ve to first the be "I’ll —Hillary follow-through." real with commitment full a but half-measures, system—not justice criminal our in reform end-to-end need "We custody." in dying or police by killed being Americans African of epidemic the end mass of crisis the fix to need "We —Hillary pipeline." cradle-to-college a need school-to-prison the dismantling work to get and sleeves our up roll "Let's —Hillary ourselves." it experienced haven’t who us of those us—especially of all from contributions requires racism systemic "Ending day." every face you that barriers unseen &amp; seen the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans "White —Hillary experiences." everyone’s are experiences our that assume than rather humility, practice and privilege our recognize to need "We —Hillary divide." any heal and problem any solve can we humanity, shared and purpose shared of sense a us—with of together—all come we "When plan: Hillary's back. Americans African holding barriers the remove and racism systemic combat to plans real need We preparada. más candidata la es y experiencia la tiene Hillary cosa. cualquier para listos estar deben líderes Los https://… care. health universal towards push in 94% at now &amp; ACA before covered were kids of 90% @HillaryClinton, to Thanks @Ann_OLeary: RT @HillaryClinton intersectional. getting is @HillaryClinton 15: Episode @IntersectionTNR: RT families. white for is it what of fraction tiny a is families black for wealth median the when wrong Something’s inequality. racial of issues also are inequality—they economic of issues only not are These -H else. anywhere not and Alabama in meet—not ends make to struggle still and hours/week 40 work should American No it. fix to plans real offer America—and in inequality of reality the with grapple to has vote your for asking Anyone htt… Really. Yes. Really? 2007. in bill reform immigration comprehensive Kennedy's Ted Sen. against voted .@BernieSanders @XavierBecerra: RT h… &amp; record spotty his explain should he But fine. Latinos, supporting &amp; reform immigration on campaigning is If @XavierBecerra: RT -@rembert punch." different a such packed it but make, always minorities that privilege about points making was "She stories: Their themselves. voters the are counts delegate the and totals vote the Behind immigration. on record @BernieSanders' at look a take Let's important. Action's cheap. is Talk @TheBriefing2016: RT -H today. Minnesotans working with stand I wage. living a and unions support to need we incomes, raise To —@FeministaJones struggles." our acknowledges for voting I'm candidate the that know to want "I be. should and can America what of vision shared our undermine system justice our in persist that inequities The familiar. unión la fuerte mantener para migratorio sistema nuestro reformar quiere Hillary justice. SCOTUS next our of nomination the in stake at are finance—all campaign equality, marriage rights, Voting apart. them break not together, families keep to need We reform. immigration for call and border the to visit @Pontifex's for Thankful Carson? Rubio? Cruz? Trump? President why: Here's now. Hillary supporting are 2008 in @POTUS backed that newspapers major the of Many team. this on Geneva mom her have to Proud practices. policing reform to acting by memory Bland's Sandra honor We wonderful. Pretty education Sex ✔️ control Birth ✔️ screenings cancer Lifesaving ✔️ it. dismantle to work then and racism systemic of reality the to up face to need We together. families keep and DREAMers support to need We parents. her losing of fear in live to have should child No designers! favorite your of more and Burch, Tory Jacobs, Marc by tees featuring , launch to Excited collection. the to added are items new when know to first the be to 47246 to MADE Text Murphy —Bill legacy." his on build &amp; protect to person best the is and Obama President to loyal truly been has "She @HillaryClinton for vote early to excited is @JoyceBeatty . @PadenSarah: RT -H water. poisoned for $1,000/year almost pay to forced were residents Flint that Unfathomable .@BernieSanders @TheBriefing2016: RT York: New in it did she how Here's Americans. African for barriers down breaking about spoke Hillary week, This https:… ➡️ Agree? @ChelseaClinton – work." government make to how knows who president a need "We @HillaryforCO: RT potential. full our to up living from us keep that barriers the breaking from down back cannot We -H @jdunnington. &amp; @RepEmilyVirgin Oklahoma, in effort this leading for Thanks pay. equal deserve Women 2016. It's deal?” a that is worrying, the do me Let scared. be to have don’t you so can I everything do to going “I’m —Hillary keep." can't I promises make don't I progress. make to likes who progressive a am "I end. should and apart families tear provisions These US. the reentering immigrants on bars year 3/10 the repeal to Congress on call will We end." to has That Latino. or black you're if than white you're if application mortgage a get to likely more are "You it. for voted You office. in days 100 first my within Congress before reform immigration comprehensive enact to legislation have will We them. protect to fight will who president a need We deportation. of fear in live Karla’s like families of Millions … 💌 💌 you! to letters love are send we emails The blue, are Violets red, are Roses @amandalitman: RT support. and endorsement @Clyburn's Leader Assistant have to Honored @HillaryforSC: RT action. into grief her channeling is mother her Now, custody. police in life her lost Bland Sandra summer, Last story.” immigrant an with started That dream. American our reached we’ve opportunity—like with blessed very feel “We team. this on Clyburn Jim Congressman have to proud So baffling. is votes black win to ploy a is him supporting that idea The themselves. for speak achievements .@POTUS' pipeline: school-to-prison the end will we how Here's educated. of instead criminalized being are kids many Too end. to needs it and issue, rights civil a is school of instead system justice criminal the into sent being Kids can. you as long as for can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do htt… plan: new @HillaryClinton's pipeline. school-to-prison the end to Time @jbouie. Devastating @CoreyCiorciari: RT -H hearing. fair a and action deserve PTS from suffering vets Our @KrisGoldsmith85: w/ stand to Proud unidas. familias las a mantener Necesitamos padres. sus de separada estar de miedo tener de debe niño Ningún explain. me Let you. help to plan a got @HillaryClinton's debt? student Got @MichelleWKwan: RT team: the Join Hillary. with stand to time the is Now TODAY! is caucus Nevada The unidas. familias las a mantener para Luchará migratorio. sistema nuestro arreglar quiere Hillary location: Your 11AM. at today Hillary for Caucus Nevada: you, for message a has Ferrell Will you. on counting Hillary's 11 by there get and location, caucus your find to 47246 to NVCOMMIT Text Nevada! here, is day Caucus miedo. con vivir deben no que familias de millones y Karla por luchando está Hillary Hillary. with standing you're if RT caucus. to out head will Nevadans hours, few a In Nevada. this, do Let’s here: location caucus your Find noon. until close don’t Doors Nevada: Nevada. in for fighting we're what is This https:… asking. you're Bernie of version which Depends 2007? in reform immigration against vote @BernieSanders did Why @TheBriefing2016: RT @HillaryClinton. for workers housekeeping Palace Caesar's @tamarakeithNPR: RT line. in you’re if caucus still can You Nevada! line, in Stay Hillary! about neighbors your to talk there—and stay line, in you're If Nevada: 1-702-550-8008. call location, caucus your at help need or question a have and line in you’re If Nevada: elecciones. las gane republicano un que permitir podemos No -H you. Thank win. your is This heart: and determination with Nevada of corner every in out turned who everyone To Nevada. mutual, is feeling The now: in Chip back. Americans holding barrier every break to working keep and nomination the win can we Together, today. team her on be to proud you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text House. White the to way the all back her got you’ve her tell and Hillary to message a Send Vegas: Las from live speech victory Hillary's Watch ✅. Nevada: NV in —Hillary you.” for one’s This other. each doubted never we but us, doubted have may there—some out supporters my all “To back. you holds that barrier every down break to campaign a is It campaign. your is This solutions. real for hungry also we’re But angry. be to right are Americans raise. a needs class middle The banks. big the for plan a than more need We country. single-issue a aren’t we is, truth The nation. entire our of mission the be to got It’s States. United the of President the even alone—not done this get can one No —Hillary part.” our do to have all We together. this in all are We ‘them.’ and ‘us’ between America dividing in believed never “I’ve other. each doubted never we but us, doubted have may Some possible. is anything together, work we If back. us holds that barrier every down break to campaign a is This ! @HillaryClinton? for up fired Houston Is @mintimm: RT like. looks 1 March on Hillary for caucus to ready people 750 of crowd a what is This @HillaryforCO: RT gymnast. woman decorated most world's the as books record into leapt @Simone_Biles 2015, In … SPECIAL NEWS @BET A MATTER: VOTES BLACK for @HillaryClinton with down sits @jeffsnation from away minutes We're @BET: RT @Vivek_Vis. and @MichelleWKwan by explained now, right you help to plan real a Here's debt? student Have prison. not opportunity, towards students lead should schools Our acceptable. isn't that and neglect, with treated was it indifference, with treated just wasn't Flint -H inaction. for cost the paying are country the across Communities epidemic. this end must We today. Kalamazoo in are hearts Our rights. voting defend to Texas to Headed Nevada? winning after right do Hillary did What you.” for one’s This other. each doubted never we but us, doubted have may “Some this! Love @MO4Hillary @HillaryClinton @AntonioFrench … –@billclinton met." ever I've change-maker finest 1—the March on Hillary for caucus go you'll hope "I @HillaryforCO: RT generations. next the for build can we world of kind the is this Together, … phones the hit vols awesome our then and celebration Quick today! office Columbus opens Ohio for Hillary @rebeccachalif: RT https://… private. and public both addresses that platform HBCU @HillaryClinton’s of part the Here's @JamilSmith: RT Nevada. in win our after *right* scenes the Behind -H country. our in place no have Republicans from words dangerous These wrong. It's work. doesn't Torture systems. immigration &amp; justice criminal broken our reform to begin can we racism, systemic of reality the face we If … page: FB our on afternoon this live questions your answering is @HillaryClinton fam, Grio @theGrio: RT ht… back. their had has president for candidate one only But today. makers gun against court in are families Hook Sandy @TheBriefing2016: RT potential. their reach kid every help to going we’re not or whether is election this in stake at What’s progress. @POTUS' on build and protect to need We be. to it wants she place woman's A 2016. It's here: questions your leave and conversation the Join afternoon! this @theGrio with Q&amp;A Facebook a doing Hillary’s families. Hook Sandy for justice derail could and accountability from immunity makers gun gives law one How -H corner. your in I'm yourself. of care take and strong Stay you. it's with, mess to person wrong the picked cancer ever If .@clairecmc agree: you if name your Add Americans. endanger they when accountable held be should manufacturers Gun behind. left communities helping to commitment Hillary’s on @BillClinton candidate.” do?' I can 'what the is “She this. for stand won't We health. women's attacking again once are Republicans country, the across and Ohio In America. of bargain basic the to fundamental are HBCUs @TSUedu: of Glover Glenda Dr. and Hillary fear. in living or apart breaking between choose to families force shouldn't We seguras. familias nuestras a mantenga que líder un necesita país El jail. to powerful too be can executive no and fail to big too be can bank No again. Street Main wreck to allowed be never can Street Wall laws. gun our in loophole dangerous this close to time It’s inequality. economic of symptom a just isn’t inequality Racial reminder. a Just https://t.… it. close to need we why on @CoreyCiorciari Here's gun. his get shooter Charleston the helped loophole This @TheBriefing2016: RT … @aldotcom via Birmingham in Hillary for stumps Lewis John supporter Clinton and icon rights Civil @IanSams: RT time. any dance and by come to invited is Virginia House, White the wins team this If Carr -Gwen life.” my of rest the for this do will I saved, be can that there out child another there’s “If https… Carolina South -@HillaryClinton America." across accountability &amp; justice real need "We @mayaharris_: RT @HillaryClinton her. with stand to have we us, with stood she here, we're reason The @finneyk: RT America. in violence gun of state the on @voxdotcom from explainer chilling A now. right the at stage on She's chief. in commander as safe us keep to prepared who's party, either in candidate, one is There all. it combat to have We cultural. also it's education—but housing, system, justice criminal our in found is racism Systemic now. right carry millions that debt student of burden enormous the lift to need also We affordable. college make to need We raise. a need families Middle-class deserve. they income and dignity, respect, the get should hard working are who People it. expand and it protect will We Security. Social privatize Republicans let never will We behind." left and out left are who kids the about concerned most "I'm us. of all on is racism systemic dismantling and privilege Recognizing @HillaryClinton! for home IL bring to unreal—ready is room this in enthusiasm &amp; energy The @_Punya_: RT communities. neglected in invest to need We classrooms. crumbling in learn to trying kids have we that right isn’t It fortunate.” less that's person the help to tried "[Hillary] team. this on Reid Senator have to Proud straight! record the sets .@HillaryClinton @IAmSteveHarvey: RT it! miss Don’t America. in guns on having been he's conversation the continue to today @IAmSteveHarvey Joining campaign! official the from updates for @HFA Follow state. to state organizing by American every for barriers down break to working We’re last! they while tickets your Hillary—get for @RadioCity at @katyperry and @eltonofficial, @AndraDayMusic, Join US. the in justice chief LGBT first the her making Rodríguez, Oronoz Maite confirmed just senate Rican Puerto The volumes. speaks response Her veterans. for services health mental about Hillary asked student school high A campaign. this power who donors and organizers, supporters, volunteers, of millions the from hear to @HFA Follow vote. to commit and Say Hillary? with stand to Ready here! almost is primary Carolina South The @AlFranken. Senator with edition campaign Tweets: Mean … @hillaryclinton for Illinois in effort the leading women strong and dynamic the of few a Just @_Punya_: RT us.” endorsed she because her endorsed “We movement." a into mourning strategy—my a into sorrow my turn to had "I successful. the and striving, the struggling, the for fighting is Hillary @HFA: RT https:/… Carolina South -@CoryBooker time." election wasn't it when here was she because Hillary supporting "I'm @mayaharris_: RT Americans. trans for equality full and respect, safety, for stand a take we'll Together support. your have to honored @transforhillary @alfranken: with Tweets Mean painful." sounds "That matrix?" establishment the into "Plugged htt… differences. of lot a aren't just There tonight. stage the on be will who candidates of bunch a There's @TheBriefing2016: RT everyone. for work it make to need just We great. being stopped never America care. health and women, rights, LGBT on views backward hold all candidates The values. our beneath is immigrants Demonizing people. million 12 deport to going not are We field. Republican the of rest the love You'll immigration? on position Trump's Like @TheBriefing2016: RT walls. new build barriers—not down break Let's border. the on wall a not citizenship, to path a build should We together. families keep to further go and immigration on actions @POTUS's defend will We apart. families rip not will We familias. las a separar en cree No ejecutivas. órdenes las DAPA, y DACA expandirá y renovará, protegerá, Hillary presidenta, Como together. Karla's like families keep to reform immigration comprehensive need We theirs. do should senators GOP and @tedcruz, @marcorubio, Court. Supreme the on vacancy the fill to job his doing is .@POTUS watch. our on Not it. defund they'll vow Republicans Americans. of millions to care health critical provides Parenthood Planned ACA. the repeal Republicans let not will We privilege. a not America, in right human a be should care health Affordable millionaires. for cuts tax more won't: What incomes. middle-class raising economy: our strengthen will What agree. you if 47246 to ImWithHer Text progress. @POTUS’ away rip Republicans let can't We leadership. serious need We challenges. policy foreign serious with world a in live We agree. you if name your Add House. White the in him let to afford can’t we nominated, is Republican which matter No today. Commit primary! Carolina South the before Hillary with you're say to chance last Your it: is This -H KS. Hesston, for Praying end. to has This another. now and community, a apart tore shooting mass a since week a than less been It's together. this in We’re part. our do all we when better works America “them.” and “us” between ourselves divide not Let's @AnotherRound. @Buzzfeed’s with justice, racial workplace, the in sexism Talking … photos. some take You party? bachelor your at up shows @HillaryClinton when happens What @HFA: RT 2016: in Hillary supporting on @jonfavs perseveres." She tries. She cares. "She potential. their reach kid every help to going we’re not or whether is election this in stake at What’s @AbbyWambach. hear, Hear some. for privilege a not all, for right a be should discrimination without Living over. start not progress, its on build Let's surgery. emergency needed she when woman this saved Obamacare house. a buy to pay would you than higher rates interest pay to asked being are students that outrageous It's first. Ricans Puerto put to time It's wrong. is citizens hardworking of instead banks for up standing .@marcorubio @HillaryClinton - difference." a make to try to day every up get to have We up. give can't We quit. can't "We @HillaryforSC: RT fuerte. es país el fuerte, es media clase la Cuando media. clase la a impuestos los aumentará le no Hillary party. bachelor a crashing involves president for running Sometimes … place. polling your find to to go and wallet, your forget Don't open! are Polls @HillaryforSC: RT you. on counting Hillary’s location. polling your find to 47246 to COMMIT2SC Text Carolina! South day, election It’s talker." change a not changemaker, a need "We Hillary: for argument closing .@BillClinton's win to her need really we why and supporter, @HillaryClinton a became I How @jonfavs: RT her. with you're know Hillary let polls, the to heads Carolina South As day! the Today’s htt… eve. primary on Columbia in @HillaryClinton see to out coming from people 1,000 these stop didn't weather cold The @XochitlHinojosa: RT this. Share today? for vote to who sure not who’s Carolina South in someone Know polls. the to Off ✅🍤🍚 @HillaryforSC: RT … @Aspiring_ESQ 😉 tag GREAT @BlavityLife latest my out Check but I @NaomiTeneAustin: RT can. you as long as for can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do all? at help any Need @HillaryforSC: RT . say and them Join Hillary! for votes their cast will Carolinians South of thousands Today, HBCUs: and debt student about @MorrisColl1908 at students with spoke Hillary AL! Birmingham, @mayaharris_: RT -H you. of proud so @chelseaclinton—I'm birthday, Happy trail. the on woman right-hand better a for ask Couldn't vote: go and place polling your Confirm you. on counting is Hillary primary! SC the in vote to left hours few a Just Carolina. South in love of Lots 8 March vote to sure Be Hillary! for with energy Amazing @stabenow: RT https://t… place. polling your find to to Go leave! not Do vote. can you 7pm, by line in you're If @HillaryforSC: RT -H you. thank it: power who supporters the to campaign, our of heart the at volunteers the to Carolina, South To nomination. this win go let’s and now, right $1 in chip Hillary, with you’re If Carolina. South it, did We team. her on be to proud you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text smile. a with Tuesday Super into Heading House. White the to way the all her with standing you're if RT news: the delivering .@claynmiddleton @HillaryforSC: RT Carolina South in —Hillary break." to big too barrier no is there together, stand we when America, In message: a sent you "Today SC in —Hillary national." goes campaign this "Tomorrow, SC in —Hillary again." whole America make to need do we But great. being stopped never America again. great America make to need don’t "We SC in —Hillary together." this in all are really we that show to need We barriers. down tearing be to need we walls, building of "Instead SC in —Hillary together." rise all we best, our at that, understood Who backs. other’s each had who people by built was country "Our there: get her help to $1 in chip House, White the to way the all Hillary with stand to proud you’re If do. we America—but in kindness and love more need we say president for running someone hear to odd seem may It … profile. @rubycramer this Read line. a just isn't tonight used @HillaryClinton line kindness" and "love The @JamilSmith: RT Carolina: South in winning after said Hillary What break.” to big too barrier no is there together, stand we “When other. each with stand we if us of ahead be can years best Our America. in kindness and love more need We have. already they debt student the with people help to need We affordable. more college make to enough not It’s deserve. they future the living are Connar like kids million eight CHIP, to Thanks say: to had she what Here's house. packed a to spoke Hillary primary, SC the win to woman first the becoming After Detroit! in @HillaryClinton for up fired is Detroit @AJKoski16: RT KKK. the condemn to refuses who hatemonger a by succeeded be not will and cannot president black first America's @BernieSanders: RT Atlanta. in room overflow the to hello Saying back. us hold can that barrier no there’s together, this in all we're When great. being stopped never America better. do to need and do can we industry, every In sidelines. the on kept being is talent much Too infrastructure. and manufacturing, energy, clean in jobs of millions create to mission national a it make to need We heroes. their meeting when starstruck get candidates presidential Even done. things gets She @POTUS? backed that papers many so of endorsements the received Hillary has Why … you. for ready we're 1: March us! joined who volunteers the all to weekend—thanks this numbers high Mile @TanyD: RT deaths. children’s their around narrative the reclaiming are mothers These … event. the for inside go we in here up pulled we when waiting greeters few a Had @NickMerrill: RT now: Commit Tuesday! Super before her with you're Hillary tell to out running is Time primary. Carolina South the winning after by live to words few a shared Hillary pay. you make to going we’re taxpayers, off rip or consumers, exploit employees, cheat you If corporations: country's our running those To daughters.” my for win to you need “I Hillary: to father A me with sharing for much so you Thank amazing! is This .@Gretchen_LA @ChelseaClinton: RT crisis. debt student America's solve to need We @LinkedIn: on Today stake. at what's know states Tuesday Super in friends your sure making by win big another secure Hillary Help place: polling your confirm VT, or VA, TX, TN, OK, MN, MA, GA, CO, AR, AL, in live you If her! with you're why know them let to RT polls. the to heading are thousands and It’s (844-464-4455). 844-IM4-HILL questions: any with hotline the Call ? on voting state your Is candidate. your she's better, life your make to how about thinking day every up wake who'll president a want you If calls? some make you Will country. the across wins ensure to help your needs Hillary ! It's place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text ? on voting state your Is @HFA. tagging or replying by question a us Ask help! to here is HFA Team and It's @HFA: RT results. course, of info—and voting trail, the from updates : on latest the for blog live our Bookmark Hillary: for vote to reasons more 100+ are Here NRA. the to up stand and leave family paid for fight She'll … vote. to right the has American every that guarantee to blood little a gave I sacred. almost is it precious, is Vote The @repjohnlewis: RT divided.” not united, are we That together. this in all are we again believe to Americans more want “I headquarters. @HFA from text via updates exclusive get to 47246 to TUESDAY Text -@IAmSteveHarvey rights." civil expand that policies and equality justice, social for fought has "She breakdown: the —here's on grabs for up delegates 800+ are There over. head and here place polling your Confirm voters! Tuesday Super left, hours few a Just friend. a tell to RT you! on counting put—Hillary’s Stay vote? to line in Waiting Virginia! and Georgia won We in: are results first The together. primary this win let’s and now, right $1 in Chip campaign. entire the of days biggest the of one is This Tennessee. and Alabama won just We five: High → now magnet free your Get Hillary. with stand to ever than prouder you’re that know world the Let heart. Hillary’s to close especially win A -H going. keep let's Now, wavered. never you've tough, gotten it's When you. Thank team: this of member every To —Hillary me." for voted who you of all to grateful so am I and tonight, showing strong his on Sanders Senator congratulate "I way. one think even or way, one worship way, one look who people to just Not top. the at those to just us—not of all to belongs country This whole." America make to have We great. being stopped never again—America great America make to not It's do. to work got we’ve know "We lower." been never has side other the on hearing we’re rhetoric the And higher. been never have election this in stakes the that clear "It’s everyone. for work country this make to together come can we apart, us drive to trying forces the resist we If Texas! you, Thank now. right $1 in chip tonight, Hillary with standing you’re If nomination. this win go Let’s history. make to ready you’re if RT whole. America make to is mission Our great. being stopped never America House. White the to way the all side her by you're Hillary tell to 47246 to ImWithHer Text remarks: tonight's from More empowerment." and opportunity of ladders build and barriers down break to going "We're Massachusetts. you, at Back M-A-S-S-A-C-H-U-S-E-T-T-S! @HFA: RT do. we America—but in kindness and love more need we that say to candidate presidential a for unusual be might It potential. her or his to up live can person every so opportunity, of ladders build and barriers down break to need We child. sick their for caring and paycheck a getting between choose to have should parent No family. and work balance to parents for easier it make to need We https:/… lead. of effects the alleviate help can education Early Flint. of children the supporting towards step important An @Ann_OLeary: RT -H that. fix to need We has. family white a dollar every for wealth of cents 8 has family African-American typical A whole. America make to is task Our great. being stopped never has America together. build can we what imagine and barriers those down breaking keep working, keep going, keep to got We've do. can't we nothing there's together, stand we When harder. even fighting keep to have we Now, Tuesday. Super on night big a had We going: keep to in Chip over. from far is primary this momentum—but the have We night. last contests eight won We care. health affordable quality, to access has American single every that sure make and Act Care Affordable the on build to got We’ve puede. se team—sí this on @UFWupdates have to Proud apart. torn be families let won't We space. in travel to woman American African first the Jemison, Mae Dr. celebrating We're ! Happy up!" make wearing you're "No, Republicans: kindness." and love more need "We Clinton: Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT -H families. endanger that loopholes special get shouldn't Companies corporations. before come Kids possible. made has @POTUS everything undo president next the let can't We … here! 15th March for ready We're - College and School High of mix Amazing @natimontelongo: RT tonight? debate the in milestone climate terrifying this about ask will Fox if Wonder @johnpodesta: RT . expand to leading for @JimmyGomezCA you Thank check. pay a or family their between choose to have should one No pobreza. la en hijos sus a criar debería completo tiempo a trabaje que persona Ninguna everyone. for work it make let's America, with wrong what's about shouting of Instead another: Here's America. for vision one of picture stark a offering is The else. everything literally policy—and foreign on True ⬇️ gets. this scarier the passes, that time more The adelante. salir puedan todos que para lucha Hillary ellos, entre insultan se republicanos candidatos los Mientras outrage. moral a and emergency an is Flint in water poisoned the with happening what's that say to "politicizing" not It's it. with Deal land. the of law the is equality Marriage friend. a for Asking through? sit to have we do these of more many How Labor. of Sec. as member cabinet woman first the became Perkins Frances 1933, in day this On infrastructure. and manufacturing, energy, clean in jobs of millions create to mission national a it make to need We -H that. just do to work their in @Raise_Up_WA with stand I families. hardworking for leave paid support &amp; wages raise to more do to have We https://t… primary. Louisiana tomorrow's of ahead vote the out getting He's morning. this @billclinton for NOLA in house Packed @IanSams: RT Detroit: in cities revitalizing and economy, the strengthening jobs, creating about speaks Hillary → live Watch Detroit in the on —Hillary afterthought." an basically was economy The people. American the to was all of insult biggest "The Michigan in —Hillary before." than stronger re-built, be can broken been has what day, every proves Detroit "As —Hillary field." playing fair a on chance fair a is need they world—all the in best the are workers American that day every proves "Michigan bargain. the of end their up holding aren’t many Too country. our and communities their by right do to have Corporations —Hillary accountable." you hold will we taxpayers, off rip or environment, our pollute customers, your exploit employees, your cheat you "If cut. be to costs not in, invested be to assets like workers treating start to have Companies everyone. helps people working of hands the in money more people—but wealthy helps just mostly people wealthy of hands the in money More color." of communities back hold that barriers past: the of legacy the with deal to have we future, brighter a for foundation the lay we "As @POTUS. under made we’ve progress the on build to got We’ve president. next the for priority top a be to has jobs good-paying Creating representative. woman first country’s our becoming Congress, in seat her took Rankin Jeannette 1917, in day this On carve-outs. no and delays, No lenders. payday for rules new its on robustly &amp; soon move should @CFPB The @SenWarren: RT American. every of reach within business small thriving a running and starting of dream the put Let's today: vote and here place polling your Confirm NE! and LA, KS, for Day Election It’s … → 2:30pm at caucus to where know you sure Make caucus! Kansas the is Today @HillaryforKS: RT profit. for drugs of price the hiking companies pharmaceutical to up stand to time It's -H it. before bill aid bipartisan the pass should Senate excuses—the more No need. they help the for enough long waited have families Flint minors. for therapy conversion end to time It’s them. change to trying kids—not LGBT supporting be should We (844-464-4455) 844-IM4-HILL today! voting about questions any with hotline the Call Nebraska: and Louisiana Kansas, shocked.” was I me. than more paid getting was he out found recently is who have I co-worker a is "There accountable. you hold we'll taxpayers, or customers, workers, cheat you If America: corporate to message A matters: that why Here’s delegates. pledged 199 by ahead We're → Detroit in reception @MichiganDems the at speaks Hillary live: Watch Louisiana! you, Thank Detroit in —Hillary us." support to out turned who everyone to grateful I’m count. delegate pledged our to adding we’re thrilled am "I way. one think even or way, one worship way, one look who people to just Not top. the at those to just us—not of all to belongs country This now: $1 in Chip back. Americans holding barrier every break to working keep and nomination the win can we Together, stronger. even country this make can we up, other each lift we If weakness. a not strength, a is Diversity love. they who or are they who of because discrimination fear to have should one No here: location caucus your Confirm State? Tree Pine the in Live Day! Caucus it’s Maine, better. do can we owners—believe gun law-abiding Americans—including Most “normal.” as year per deaths gun 33,000 accept can’t We bullying?" this all about do to going you are "What asked: girl young A -H family. her for Praying tireless. research—was Alzheimer's for advocacy—especially her and legendary, was character of strength Nancy's video. el Vea Campesinos. de Unión la con reunión una durante especial momento Un behind. left and out left been have color of people and people poor where Places there. out Flints of lots are there that forget not Let’s crisis. that into deeper dig to coverage debate scheduled regularly our interrupting we're , the for Flint on spotlight the With jobs. in decline a by hard hit town manufacturing once-prosperous Michigan—a Flint, in is Tonight's @TheBriefing2016. follow response, For there. lives who about talk to important it's Flint, in happening outrage the about talk we When color. of communities impact that issues intersecting of effects combined the of example an is crisis water Flint's other. and racial, causes—economic, root its about talk to have also we crisis, water Flint the about talk we When injustice. environmental and economic, racial, address we that requires Flint for Justice now. Flint help to how on focus to need also we but recalled, be or resign should Snyder Gov. justice—together. environmental &amp; economic, racial, tackle to have We economics. about only talk to enough not It's kids. black poor of instead kids white wealthy to happened this if outrage the Imagine coincidence. a not also buck—it's a save to risk at put health its see would Flint like community a that wrong It's results. getting it—it's "politicizing" isn't crisis water Flint the on action demanding Republicans, some from hearing we're what Despite with. begin to mess the created who those it—especially fix to work all should We issue. partisan a isn't Flint accountable. held be should Snyder Gov. months. for government their by dismissed were complaints residents' Flint that unconscionable It's agree. you if RT together. them, for fight to need We ideas. contentious be shouldn’t These them. of all for plans real and solutions need We challenges. of set intersectional complex, a face We nationwide. injustice and racism environmental tackle to need We Flints. more are there know We injustice. this to end an put can We America. in poisoning lead suffer year a kids 500,000 than More deliveries. water expand and jobs create to Weaver Mayor with program new a up set we've now, right Flint help To to can you what donate Flint: of families and kids the help can we way Another less. nothing deserve kids Our again. happens never this sure make to plans real about talking and Flint, about talking keep to got We've families. our endanger they when accountable held be should manufacturers gun Negligent week. a What @HFA: RT economy. our improve and jobs, create incomes, raise to plan real a have should country this of president be to wants who Anyone republicanos. los de propuestas las de defendernos pueda que presidenta una Necesitamos -H grace. and resilience of day a also was it But pain. and horror of day a was 1965, 7, March Sunday, Bloody -H harder. vote—not to citizen every for easier it make to have We done. isn't work this that recognize to have we later, years Fifty -H support. your for Grateful justice. &amp; equality for struggle the in do to work still There's right. you're Myrlie, by. skate executives while sacrifice shouldn't They cut. be to costs strength—not greatest economy's our are Workers yes. voted candidate Democratic one only industry, auto our of rescue the fund to time was it When now. ISIS defeat to strategy a not is 2002 in vote A government. of levels all at happen must Progress country. the across Democrats for million $18 raised we quarter Last abortion legal and safe to right women's on —Hillary constrained." and limited totally is it if right a of much not "It's it. restrict to right no have Politicians abortion. legal safe, to right the women guarantee Constitution the and Wade v. Roe housing. fair and jobs, care, health education, to access expand to have also We system. justice criminal the reform to have We debt. into go to having without education higher to access have should American Every too: you, help to plan a has Hillary debt, student has already who everyone For —@billclinton better?'" it make to do I can 'What ask, is instinct first "Her night: last the at candidates two the between difference key A House. White the at conference press women-only first the held Roosevelt Eleanor Lady First 1933, March In -H do. to smart—thing right—and the It's secure. more nations and grow economies makes girls and women of status the Advancing today: vote go and place polling your Confirm MS! and MI for Day Election It’s : during HQ @HFA at repeat On rights.” human are rights “Women’s Congrats? .@BernieSanders @TheBriefing2016: RT together. families keep will We deportation. to parents her losing of fear in live should child No Senator: Sanders, Bernie versus candidate Sanders, Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT (844-464-4455) 844-IM4-HILL today! voting about questions any with hotline the Call MS? or MI in Live wins. more two home bring can we how Here’s polls. the to head Mississippi and Michigan Today, terror. of acts such for justification no is There American. an of life the taking today, Jaffa in attack Tragic @VP: RT @billclinton Country Clinton is Louis St. @MattPaulIA: RT world. the around heard action to call a issued Hillary Beijing, in conference @UN the At Mississippi! you, Thank tonight. team her on be to proud you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text -H be. won't discrimination sure make to MO in filibustering those with stand I law. the is equality Marriage → Mississippi in winning after speaks Hillary live: Watch creativity. and openness our optimism, and energy great–our America makes what on build to need We —Hillary from.” they’re code ZIP what matter no teacher, great a and school good a have should child “Every —Hillary together." do can’t we nothing there’s down, other each tearing of instead up, other each lift we "If America.” in it make can “I say, to able be should part their does and hard works who Everyone —Hillary grows." paycheck your when grows America economics: simple "It’s —Hillary worst." the not other, each in best the see can we bigotry, and bluster of instead kindness and love for reach we "If Mississippi. in winning after tonight remarks Hillary’s against." up are families working what about talk to want "I -H this. fight to got We've illegal. outrageous—and is time on loans student their paid who people Penalizing help. to wants Hillary ways five are Here debt? student Have far. so primary Democratic the in endorsements board editorial the all nearly won has Hillary Why inaceptable. es mujeres y hombres entre salarial brecha La right.) that read you (Yep, supporters. nicest her of some to you” “thank say to @reddit by dropped Hillary election: this during mind her on what's Here's vote. to right the got women most when old years 5 only was Shirley meet. ends make to stress and struggle to have shouldn't you hard, work you If idea: simple a It’s out. started you where or are you who matter ahead—no get to able be should you part, your do and hard work you if America In her: with you’re know her let tonight, the at stage the takes Hillary As &gt;&gt; live the Watch @UniPolitica: RT @UniPolitica 💬: 💻: Univision 📺: ? el seguir ¿Cómo @UniPolitica: RT Trump Donald on —Hillary great.” America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don’t "You agree. you if RT ¡Basta! Trump: Donald para palabra una tiene solo Clinton Hillary in vote reform immigration that About @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary detention.” family end we time “It’s "No." @BernieSanders: hindsight?" in now reform] [immigration against voting regret you "Do deporting. the Stop ups. round the Stop raids. the Stop senator. Sanders, Bernie versus candidate Sanders, Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary it.” against voted Sanders Senator bill. that in was industry auto the rescued that money "The jail. to big too be should executive No fail. to big too be should bank No needed: as often as this repeat Will tougher. is plan St. Wall your says @nytimes banks—but to beholden you're says someone When again. it say Will before. it Said todos. para oportunidades las mejorar para luchar a va adelante—Hillary salen todos si funciona economía La ⬇️ have already you debt student the reduce help to plan comprehensive a want you If Act. Care Affordable the protect and on build to need We over. start to than 100% to coverage 90% from get to easier lot a It’s you: for it Found —Hillary citizens.” as treated be to deserve They America. of citizens are Ricans “Puerto Trump: on take and nomination this win let’s $1, in Chip together. this in all We're http… congress. in year 3rd Sanders' Bernie during coverage universal for fighting Hillary '93: to Flashback @TheBriefing2016: RT grow. paychecks workers’ American when grows America -H trend. dangerous a of part they're and health, women's attacking are Parenthood Planned attack that Florida and Utah, Ohio, like States -H 2010. since restrictions abortion 282 enacted have States right: you're relentless, seem rights women's back roll to efforts If -H decisions. health own her make to right woman's a protect and thing right the Do trend: the Buck you. on are eyes all .@FLGovScott, woman. a by designed operation military US first-ever the led and slaves freeing to life her devoted Tubman Harriet opportunity. pursuing from disabilities developmental with people stop should barrier No @Ann_OLeary: RT means. that what Here’s 221. to lead delegate her expanded Clinton Hillary Tuesday, After @TheBriefing2016: RT violence. not respect, encourage should campaigns—we our for tone the set We repugnant. is behavior of kind This candidates: GOP remaining the of all by held care health and women, rights, LGBT on views backward the at look A seconds. 6 in race, primary Democratic the of state the about know to need you what Here's accomplishments: biggest her of few a are Here fights. tough of share her on taken has Hillary decades, four Over -H team! this on being for you Thank lineup. power a about Talk @ellenpompeo: @violadavis @kerrywashington @tonygoldwyn .@shondarhimes @realDonaldTrump. wrong, is sexism how about more us Tell Cuba. con relaciones de normalización la apoya Hillary años. 50 por funcionado ha no embargo futuro—el el hacia movernos de hora es Ya scientists.” “not they’re because change climate deny candidates Republican disgrace. real the is rallies your at press and protesters against violence condoning .@realDonaldTrump: desgracia. una es eventos tus en prensa la de miembros y manifestantes contra violencia la Fomentar on. it Bring guys? these of one Debate -H emissions. methane reduce to steps take to announcement US-Canada the of Proud Congress. on wait to threat a urgent too is change Climate -H hear. to need all we action to call a into grief unimaginable turned have who women, these with stand to Humbled down: it breaks strategist delegate Our process? primary Democratic the about Confused AIDS: and HIV on record Reagans' the about comments her on statement Clinton’s Hillary together. Americans bring to deeds and words our use should We politics. our in place no has Violence sustainable. and noble both that’s profession a as teaching see to able be should people Young raise. a teachers our give to time It's that. change to got We've worker. median the than more 200x earns companies biggest America’s at CEO average The dangerous. it’s wrong, only not aggression—is and violence of encouragement Trump—the Donald from hearing we're rhetoric divisive ugly, The rhetoric Trump's on —Hillary arson." political leadership—it's not That's control. can’t you fire a start can you matches, with play you "If him. to up stand should you bully, a see you If it. condemn should you violence, see you If it. oppose should you bigotry, see you If strengths. are openness—these diversity, values, Our great. America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don't You “them.” and “us” between America divide to trying are that discrimination and division of forces the against together stand to need We dangerous. wrong—it's just isn't Trump Donald from hearing we're violence of encouragement and rhetoric divisive The conversation. the started really who people the AIDS—and and HIV against fight the on note A Ohio. Youngstown, from Cheers, school. your at available classes art and music have to family wealthy a in up grow to have shouldn’t You opportunity. of land a be should America immigrate, you or here born you’re Whether Brothers: Castro The país. el todo en gratis ser de deberían públicos comunitarios colegios Los why: Here's campaign. this power to in chipped have people million a Nearly → dinner Legacy 2016 @OHDems the at stage the took just Hillary now: live Watch OH in —Hillary votes." get to reason: one for fear and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump “Donald OH in —Hillary him." with disagrees who anybody up beat to supporters his encourages Trump of, think can he fire every stoking "After place. first the in great America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don’t You OH in —Hillary are." we who not is Trump "Donald OH in —Hillary polls." the at up show also don’t we if matters that of none we all Trump Mr. protest and criticize can "We OH in —Hillary country." our for future better a up raise let’s And down. him vote let’s then down, Trump] [Donald shut to want you "If OH in —Hillary back.” people holding barriers the all down breaking about It’s walls. building about isn’t campaign “My are. we who not is Trump Donald this. than better We're instincts. worst our to playing and fear, and hate in campaign—trafficking cynical a running is Trump are. we who not is Trump Donald mongers. fear and demagogues rejected have Americans best, our At —Hillary it." applauding but violence, inciting just not been He’s events. his at happens what for responsible is Trump "Donald inequities. these end and up stand to got We've system. justice criminal our in work at is racism Systemic education. in invest and prisons building stop to got We've pipeline. cradle-to-college a build and pipeline school-to-prison the end Let's —Hillary that." do to candidate prepared best the am I ready. be better Trump Donald against up goes "Whoever prevention violence gun on —Hillary life." of loss more to lead only now—will doing we're what is anything—which do to "Failing —Hillary violence." gun of acts random and murders these of tired and sick am "I Americans. endanger they when accountable held be can't industry gun the that unacceptable absolutely It's that. change can We could. we as work and family combine to hard as about it make We place. first the in great America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don’t You → aquí votar puedes dónde en Confirma apoyo! tu necesita ¡Hillary Hillary. for vote to reasons Four women. Ohio of generations Four calling! get and Live Facebook on training bank phone a for in Tune OH? and NC, MO, IL, FL, win Hillary help to Want again. happens never this sure make to how and crisis water Flint the about talk to today @IAmSteveHarvey Joining the about show today's on @HillaryClinton with Spoke @IAmSteveHarvey: RT chaos." and violence encouraging he's and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump "Donald dangerous. It’s leadership. isn’t That violence. of flames the fanning is Trump Donald communities. American on out walking be shouldn’t investments government or breaks tax get that Companies have. already they debt student the with people help to need We affordable. more college make to enough not It’s -H action. to call a is grief Their violence. gun to children lost have who Chicago in met I families the by Moved country. our for and kids our for unacceptable That’s 1968. in were they than segregated more are schools public our Today, sentences. their served have who those to it restore should We democracy. our of heart the is vote to right The place: polling your Confirm today. vote to you on counting Hillary's OH: and NC, MO, IL, FL, (844-464-4455) 844-IM4-HILL hotline: the Call today? voting about questions have and OH or NC, MO, IL, FL in Live along: Follow polls. the to head OH and NC, MO, IL, FL, as Facebook on Tuesday mini-Super blogging live We’re @BroadCity. time, any HQ real) (the at welcome You’re today! polls the to get they sure make and Facebook on friends your Find OH? and NC, MO, IL, FL, in win help to Want -H too. Arctic, the protect and thing right next the do to Time table. the off now is drilling Atlantic Relieved -H wage. living a deserve Americans, all like Idahoans, by. get to struggle and full-time work should one No —@billclinton again." country this in person every to door the open can "We @HillaryClinton?!? for vote to ready you are Louis St. @AJKoski16: RT vote! go then place polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text OH? or NC, MO, IL, FL, in Live Ginsburg. Bader Ruth icon and advocate, rights women’s Justice, Court Supreme to birthday Happy caucus. Islands Mariana Northern the won Hillary that matters it why Here’s math. delegate some for Time polls: the to head and friend a grab yet, voted haven't you If now! you needs Hillary OH: &amp; NC, MO, IL, FL, friend. a tell to RT you! on counting put—Hillary’s Stay vote? to line in Waiting -H should. ever mother no as suffering after resolve into grief her turning is She support. Lezley's by Honored t… to due earlier vote to unable were who those accommodate to pm 8:30 until open remain will sites polling Co. McHenry @McHenryCountyIL: RT Florida! won just We big. is This together. nomination this win to ready you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text Carolina! North won We in: are results The nomination: the secure help to name your Add back. Hillary's have to time important more a been never There's Ohio. you, Thank FL in —Hillary solutions." for hungry are everywhere Americans because first comes lives people’s in differences "Making the in here incomes rising with jobs good create to know-how the and ideas the both with president a deserve Americans Hard-working executives. over-paid or Street, Wall China, us—not of advantage takes one no sure make and workers American for up stand to going We’re walls. building not barriers, down breaking be should We together. country our bring to has president next Our place. first the in great America made what lose can’t We small. be can’t we great, be be To FL in —Hillary together." accomplish can’t we nothing there’s down, other each tearing of instead up other each lift we "If -H you. Thank victory. your is voted—tonight or in, pitched friends, your to talked doors, on knocked you If → button limited-edition a get to $10 in Chip Hillary. with stand to ever than prouder you’re that know everyone Let together. country our bring to has president next Our Illinois. back, you Love House. White the to way the all side her by you're Hillary tell to 47246 to ImWithHer Text nomination. this win to going we're together, And it. did We Missouri: Illinois, Ohio, Carolina, North Florida, this. do Let's you. Thank out: heart your worked who donor and supporter, volunteer, every To it. did We Court: Supreme the to Garland Merrick Judge of nomination Obama's President on Statement Clinton. Hillary de discurso del momentos mejores seis Los together. this in We’re “them.” and “us” between country this dividing by succeed to going not We’re https://… people. great with days Good @HillaryClinton? for OH and NC, MO, IL, FL, in campaign to like it What’s @billclinton: RT https://t.… families. immigrant poor working to Credit Tax Child denying consider even to Congress for harmful and Heartless @Ann_OLeary: RT bill. this stopped senate the food—glad their about information families giving from states block shouldn't Congress 5. High país. el liderar para dedicación la y experiencia la tiene Ella todos. para luchar a va que líder una es Hillary dangerous. leadership—it’s not That's violence. and chaos of flames the fanning is Trump for: voted they what share Florida from scientist a and mathematician pay—a equal education, change, Climate classes. science computer to access have should student Every 2016. It's stake: at what’s Here’s election. this on hinges Court Supreme the of balance The ground." common find and neighbors their to out reach women when unleashed is power extraordinary "An odiosos. actos tantos en resultado hayan palabras sus que coincidencia una es No president. next our be Trump let can’t We glorified. be to something isn't Division value. American an isn't Hate —@GabbyGiffords fearless." seems Hillary lobby, gun the of terrified downright "seem candidates other the While home. Clooneys' the at Amal and George, Hillary, meet to chance a for Enter ⬇️ they are So Hillary? with you Are why: Here's campaign. this power to in chipped have people million a Nearly this. than better We’re are. we who isn’t Trump Donald fácil. más ser debería pequeño negocio un manejar y Empezar -H you. Thank campaign. this of part a be to in pitched have people 1,000,000 ago, minutes few a of As over: ticked just number the told I'm -H under. or $100 are donations of afford—94% can they what giving are people that grateful incredibly I'm -H in: Join higher. be couldn’t that stakes with ahead fight tough a have We built. we’ve what for grateful I’m race: primary Democratic the on update quick super A now. right is virus Zika the against action take to time The this. with deal and country a as up step to got We’ve video: el Ve ahora. parar a va no años—y por migratoria reforma la por luchado ha Clinton Hillary https:/… NOW: prepare must US knows @HillaryClinton heartbreak. &amp; defects birth devastating cause can Zika matters. Zika Why @Ann_OLeary: RT commander. combatant female first Robinson—America's Lori General Force Air Congratulations Hillary. elect to donated who’ve people million 1 than more by powered is campaign This —@azcentral president.” for run ever to people experienced most the of one is “She lifetimes. our of election consequential most the be may this that ever than clearer It’s nominee. Democratic the be to choice best the is Hillary agree: Portland to Miami from Newspapers —@billclinton better?'" it make to do I can 'What ask, to always is instinct first "Her president. woman a see to wants she now lot—and a seen She's vote. to right the had women before born was Shirley —@WarrenBuffett work?" to willing who's everybody for works America that so it make we can is, question "The —@gabbygiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is “Speaking hall: town a at question a Hillary asked supporter Sanders Bernie strong a when happened what Here’s … us. for there she's again, Once it. for stand won't @HillaryClinton but attack, under is Bill GI post-9/11 The @jmurray20: RT less. or $100 were donations those of majority a and Hillary, elect help to donated have people million One f… concern and community, decency, like values on built was that America an apart tear to ready stands .@RealDonaldTrump @elizabethforma: RT is. it hands—because their in is country our of future the like teachers our pay to need We presidencial. elección la sobre años 100 de señora una opina que Lo sustainable. and noble both that’s profession a as teaching see to able be should people Young steps: easy) (seriously, easy three in win Hillary Help state. by state decided being is primary This → aquí votar puedes dónde en Confirma —Hillary nominee." Court] [Supreme the receive and posturing partisan the quit to them for time It's duty. their do to Senate the ask "I —Hillary it." exercised has He vacancy. Court] Supreme [the fill to responsibility constitutional a has He president. our is Obama "Barack —Hillary fathers." and mothers deporting and families up breaking be should we believe don't I round-ups. the and raids the stop to want "I —Hillary fortunate." so I'm if elected, I'm as soon as it get to trying start to want I And reform. immigration comprehensive get to want "I yelling? stop or smile to told you're when sexist it's think you Do asked: .@andersoncooper —@IdahoStatesman issues.” of range broad the on grasp [and] experience overall better the has "Clinton -H Belgium. of people the all and wounded, and killed those of families the with are prayers and thoughts My -H succeed. never will They life. of way our of foundation the are that values democratic the undermine to seek terrorists These her. with you’re know everyone let to Retweet today! vote go Arizona, her. with you're if Retweet Utah! and Idaho today, Caucus policy. foreign our dictate fear let not will We bigotry. or torture advocating without smart and strong be can We → aquí votar puedes dónde en Confirma Clooney!): George (and her meet to Enter time? last Hillary with hang to chance your Miss live. they where matter water—no safe clean, to access deserves family Every here: go to where Confirm today! polls the at neighbors your of thousands Join Arizona? in Live us. of all hurts that vulnerable—and most the failing is system education Our place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you! on counting Arizona—Hillary's today, vote Go reform. economic and education tackling means That home. at can families their sure make let’s school, at succeed to kids our want we If us. beneath and hateful, dangerous, are proposals of kinds These too. country, your is this Americans: Muslim here: go to where Confirm tonight! caucuses the at neighbors your of thousands Join Utah: and Idaho finder: friend our with message a them Send today! Hillary for caucus or vote UT &amp; ID, AZ, in friends your sure Make location. caucus your find to 47246 to WHERE Text today! caucus Go Utahns: and Idahoans Arizona! you, Thank nomination. this win go let's and $1, in Chip Hillary? with you Are House. White the to way the all team, her on you’re know Hillary let to 47246 to ImWithHer Text WA in —Hillary barriers." down knocking You’re campaign. our for hard so working are who volunteers wonderful the all to you "Thank future. our and values, our country, our of views different fundamentally between candidates—it's between contest a just isn't This fear. more incite who leaders are need we thing last The steady. and smart, strong, that’s leadership provide can who president a need We cower. not lead, to us for time is This allies. our on back our turn or walls build or panic doesn’t America terror, of face the In -H covered. are million 20 than more Now, century. this of accomplishments progressive greatest the of law—one became ACA the ago, years Six -H standing. still is law this Democrats, to thanks need—and they care health the have Americans of millions @POTUS, to Thanks -H coverage. universal hit we until expand We’ll scratch. from start or repealed be it let won’t We election. this in line the on is ACA The values. our of views different fundamentally between candidates—it's between contest a just isn't This bigotry. or torture advocating without smart and strong be can We https:/… Disabilities" with People for Law Landmark "A a it's why about post @Medium my read anniversary, today's On @HonTonyCoelho: RT steady. and smart, strong, that’s leadership need We world. dangerous and complex a in live We → safe America keep and hate, to up stand terrorism, defeat will we how about speaks Hillary live: Watch CA in —Hillary safer." any us make doesn’t and partners our alienates that bluster not works, actually what on rely to need "We home. at here and world, the around East, Middle the in ISIS defeat to plan three-part a has Hillary safe." less us make that actions reckless into us push it let safe—nor us keep to necessary what’s doing from us stop fear let can’t "We leadership. steady smart, strong, is needs America What misfire. to tend cannons Loose strategy. a aren’t Slogans —Hillary dangerous." more world the and safe less America make will It Kremlin. the in Christmas like be it'll way, his gets Trump Mr. "If are. we who not That’s persecution. fleeing people for tests religious applying or orphans to doors our shutting be not should America Muslims. all demonizes that rhetoric offensive work: doesn't What works. actually what do to have we jihadism, radical against fight our In counter-productive. wrong—it’s just not it’s criminals, like Muslims American treating for call Cruz Ted like candidates Republican When CA in —Hillary world." the in anywhere torture practice or condone not will States United the president, I’m "If principles. our from away turn or allies, our on turn other, each on turn not will Americans world—but the in challenges serious face We family. Joanne's for difference a made Act Care Affordable the How story?" your tell I if mind you "Would https://t.… achievement: lasting A growth. job of months 72 down. costs denials, coverage more no insured, 20M yrs: 6 at ACA @mpshapiro: RT interfere. to get shouldn't Bosses work. they where matter no coverage control birth deserve Women fear. more incite who leaders are need we thing last The leadership. steady smart, strong, needs America rhetoric. Islamophobic work: doesn't What works. actually what do to have we jihadism, radical against fight our In over. start progress—not of years six on build Let’s life. her saved Obamacare surgery, emergency needed she When care. health to access has American every sure making to ever than closer us brought has ACA the in, years Six principles. our or allies, our other, each on turn won't we world—but the in challenges serious face We safe. America keep we how isn't also it and are, we who isn't This → training live the Join nomination. this win to you on counting Hillary’s but strong, is lead delegate Our 1995. from clip this out Check Hillary. for new not is care child affordable quality, for Fighting Americans. transgender for impact big a had state of secretary as tenure her during Hillary by made change small A -H disease. this of prevention and treatment in invest Let's here. world—and the around communities ravages still TB unit. entire his of lives the saved he when 27 was Iraq, in serving American Muslim a Khan, Humayun Captain Army violence. gun to son her lost who mom a with backstage moment A Eve." Christmas on dead son my shot boys “Four -H law—period. the under discrimination from protected be should people LGBT -H account. to held be should Snyder leadership. of failure Unconscionable report. Flint this at angry &amp; Heartbroken time. the of 31% arrests school-related to subjected are but populations student of 16% are students Black fear. more incite who leaders are need we thing last The steady. and smart, strong, that’s leadership provide will who president a need We htt… secure. less nation &amp; troops our makes work, doesn't are, we who isn't Torture agree: pros and Vets @rosenbergerlm: RT One. Day on Commander-in-Chief be to ready who's candidate one There's —@RollingStone Clinton." Hillary is choice urgent and clear "The mansplaining?" with familiar you Are problem. no election this win you help to going "I'm .@JimmyKimmelLive: leadership). (steady does what and bigotry) and (bluster work doesn’t what know we terrorism, to comes it When https:… for-profits predatory against up standing &amp; students Corinthian defrauded relieve to fighting for AGs State to Kudos @Ann_OLeary: RT —@RollingStone justice.” social to commitment a achievements…but and experience the has only not “Clinton … wrong. and dangerous, reckless, be would terror to response their clear: it made have Republicans @TheBriefing2016: RT acceptable. not That’s combined. America in teachers kindergarten the of all than more make managers fund hedge 25 top The leadership. serious need We world. the around challenges serious face We her. with you're if Retweet Washington! and Hawaii, Alaska, Day, Caucus It’s finder: friend our with message a them Send today! Hillary for caucus WA and HI, AK, in friends your sure Make else. anywhere or Florida, Indiana, care—in health women's with interfere not should Politicians @mintimm: RT dangerous. and counterproductive, wrong, it’s Americans, Muslim demonize candidates Republican When together. families keep and priority top a reform immigration comprehensive make will who president a need We —Hillary ahora." Zika virus del contra en actuar que "Tenemos over. from far is equality LGBT for fight the that reminder latest the is Carolina North in happened What back: her got you’ve say to in Chip it. do to team this on everyone needs Hillary but nomination, this win can We -H Easter! Happy renewal. and hope, love, of full season a you wish I celebrating, those To other." each to children, our to ourselves, to responsibility a have us of "All it. fix to plan a got who’s candidate one the costs—and care child in crisis the about know should you what Here’s https://… . to time It’s voters. from stories these Watch democracy. our undermines discrimination Voter @mayaharris_: RT leaders. tribal Puyallup with meeting a during gifts memorable two received Hillary again. country this in person every to door the open can We -H terrorists. defeat &amp; confront must nations all and Pakistan Lahore. in attack Day Easter horrific the of victims the with are prayers My violence.” gun to children their lost have who parents with stand and lobby gun the to up stand we time “It's come. to generations for system judicial our of course the change to power the have could president next The phone. your to Hillary—straight and trail, campaign the HQ, from Updates @Lin_Manuel. Thanks, crisis. debt Rican Puerto the resolve to Time success. at shot fair a deserves American Every WI: Madison, in Court Supreme the of future the on speaks Hillary as live Watch powerful. and wealthy the of favor in deck the direction—stacking wrong the in country our led has Court Supreme the of bent ideological The voice.” a denied be shouldn’t people American “the because Justice a pick to president new a for wait should we says @ChuckGrassley Senator —Hillary ignored." being is voice my say I’d Obama, Barack re-elect to voted who Americans million 65 than more the of one "As —Hillary leader." nation’s our still isn’t @POTUS and count, didn’t votes those like acting are Republicans Now president—twice. a chose "We —Hillary hearing." a hold should He job. his do and up step to Grassley Senator asking chorus the to voice my adding I’m "Today, moment. make-or-break a is This progressivism. of pillar every virtually demolish could term, single a In privilege. no have should courts—it the in privileged be shouldn’t Wealth down. upside Constitution our turns speech is money that idea The —Hillary elections." in money of influence limit to amendment Constitutional a for fight I’ll United, Citizens overturn doesn’t SCOTUS "If —Hillary elections." buy to right billionaires’ than rather choose, to right woman’s a protect will appoint will “I —Hillary General?" Attorney of kind what matter, that for Or appoint? Trump President a would justice of kind what yourselves: "Ask candidacy. Trump's with reaping now they're tactics, extremist their with sown have Republicans nowhere—what of out come didn’t Trump Donald ideal. that defended has Court Supreme the best, its At shot. fair a deserves everyone that ideal the behind united has America best, our At schools. our in equal not is separate that held 1954, In ourselves. for decisions health intimate make to right the have women that ruled 1973, In unions. sector public for way the paved 1977, In school. to go to right the had children undocumented that ruled 1982, In land. the of law the was equality marriage that ruled June, Last nominee. Court Supreme @POTUS's on hearing a hold and Republicans: Senate tell to name your Add election this why reason another Just @TheBriefing2016: RT -H wages. raise to work states' other and CA applaud I organizers. and workers for win big a is $15 to wage minimum CA's Raising theirs. do to Republicans Senate for Time @SCOTUSnom. a us gave and job his did He @POTUS—twice. elected Voters @Lin_Manuel. voz tu levantar por Gracias ahora. Rico Puerto de económica crísis la resolver que Tenemos . @ChuckGrassley: requires. Constitution the as Justice SCOTUS a nominated He’s @POTUS. re-elect to voted Americans million 65 Court. Supreme the near anywhere Trump Donald let can’t We —Hillary nowhere." of out come didn’t [he] but Donald of rise the bemoans Republican another day, "Every https:/… justice. and peace tolerance, for work daily your with us inspire You . amazing these to Congrats @rosenbergerlm: RT die.” children more while sidelines the on sit to refuse “I SCOTUS. on stake at are values our that reminder a is unions—and and workers for protections place in leaves rightfully decision other." each against Americans pitting is he and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump "Donald "friends") for stand doesn't "F" (The Obama. Barack re-elect to voted who Americans million 65 of voices the ignoring are Republicans Senate Wisconsin. in When them. with voted Sanders Senator NRA. the to up standing is Hillary choice: The recklessness. and obstruction leaders' Republican against stand a take to time It's enough. is Enough America—great: York—and New make that values the about now speaking Hillary's @ApolloTheater! the at Live done. we’ve what That’s everywhere. campaign seriously should president be to competing seriously candidate Any Sanders. Senator than more million and Trump Donald than more million a than votes—more million 9 nearly received we’ve far So y… have to tried always I’ve and back, my had always You’ve that. forget never will I and me on chance a took Yorkers "New @HillaryForNY: RT -Hillary ahead." stay and ahead get to able be should you part, your do you and hard work you if that believed always have Yorkers "New -Hillary do?” women work the for pay equal guarantee finally to time it "Isn’t that. for wait can’t they and now right hurting are Americans of lot a But perfect.” “the for out hold to luxury the have may folks Some too." president our from want we what That’s done. things get to likes that city a is this But do. we than bigger dreams Nobody NY. is "This -Hillary some." just not back, Americans holding barriers the all down break help will who president a need "We economy. our fixing about as country our and people our defending about passionate as just be to has president next Our together. pull we but same, the worship or same the sound all don’t We same. the look all don’t We people. million 20 to home is York New better. know Yorkers New discriminating, and walls building by problems America’s solve can we says president for candidate a When back. us holding barriers the all down break and up, other each lift backs, other’s each have Let’s -H telling. and Horrific worse. get couldn't it thought you when Just House. White the near anywhere rights women’s for contempt much this with someone let can’t We clear. and loud him heard we but words, his back walk to try can Trump them." believe are, they who you show people "When said: Angelou Maya abhorrent. is abortion seeking for punished be women that suggestion @realDonaldTrump's standards, low impossibly his by Even abortion. outlaw also would who candidate Republican other every from different that isn't Trump is, fact The risk. at women three in one put You criminals. abortions seek who women make you crime, a abortion make you If Remember: care. health restrict and stigmatize to efforts GOP-led by punished being already are color, of women and women low-income especially Women, president. being business no have you that, get don't you If care. health to access code—deserves zip or income of woman—regardless Every Vote. it: about do all can we something there's is, news good The Americans. of majority vast the insulted has Trump Donald point, this At Sad! absurd. frankly and reckless, ignorant, that's @realDonaldTrump from idea another Yet 👌🏽 is game Snapchat .@HillaryClinton's @TUSK81: RT president. be him let can't We abortion. an having for punished be should women said .@realDonaldTrump way. that it see should president next Our issue. serious a is health Women's @TheBriefing2016: RT pay. equal deserves woman Every courtroom. the in or field the on women these face to want Wouldn’t team. this of strength the of Proud moment. Historic @CarliLloyd: RT everywhere. workers empowered who movement labor American the of champion a honor we , On país. el todo por trabajadores a empoderó quien laboral movimiento del luchador un honramos de día el En Trump. President a afford can’t We agree: you if sticker this get and $1 in Chip self-government. PR's preserves that crisis debt the on action for Time Rico. Puerto of people the help to Congress from nothing Still people. trans all for equality full and respect, safety, the for fighting keep Let’s decades. for great America making been have change to willingness and diversity Our president for @HillaryClinton endorses News Amsterdam The @NYAmNews: RT @PPact) (via House. White the into agenda this let to afford can’t We better. know We other. each against turning and walls building by problems America’s solve can we claiming are Some -H @NYGovCuomo. Thanks, . call we what that's Now it. seeking women punish he'd said frontrunner their and abortion, ban to wants candidate Republican Every ht… believe they what said he embarrassed are Republicans comments: abortion Trump's on Clinton @businessinsider: RT … Watch: race. this in candidate Republican every from assault under are rights constitutional Women's @TheBriefing2016: RT https://… NY: in did she like nationwide—just jobs manufacturing good create to plan America In It Make @HillaryClinton's See @mpshapiro: RT @POTUS: under come we’ve far how show that numbers other 11 jobs—and new million president. being business no have rights women's on assault the support who Candidates candidates'. GOP the of rest the as bad as just are health women's on attacks Trump's photos. in March, Apollo." the at "Live to Tuesday Super From -H too. York, New in fans got they've like Looks WI. Madison, in shop women-owned great a at necklace this up Picked yours.” have to tried always I’ve and back, my had always “You’ve not.” course “Of Hillary: military?” our with Trump Donald trust you “Do .@BusinessInsider: Clinton Hillary sobre Gutiérrez Luis —Congresista siempre". de y antes mucho de nuestra amiga una "Es … why. Here's you. to apply wouldn't probably plan college" "free Sanders' Bernie Wisconsin, in live you If @TheBriefing2016: RT Work. anthem. national the with Harlem to Hillary welcome @reneeelisegolds @HamiltonMusical's Watch plan: Hillary's Read college. affordable of way the in get governors Republican let can't We —@NYAmNews senator.” as and lady first as Both York. New for delivered always has "Hillary @HillaryForNY: RT Syracuse. in talk pep Pre-game resultados. los fueron estos y ellos por luchó Ella senadora. su ser de Hillary a oportunidad una dio le York Nueva challenges.” some through went she though even strength her like “I Hillary: for she’s why on worker auto retired A family. and work balance to easier it make to need We family. your of care taking and paycheck your between choose to have never should You Walker Scott like governors GOP from upfront billions on depend won't affordable more college make to plan Hillary’s that: achieve can we how Here's college. public a at tuition pay to money borrow to have should student No signing. bill the at speak @NYGovCuomo and Hillary Watch leave. paid expand and to about is York New right. fundamental this affirmed Court Supreme the Glad count. should voices our of one every democracy, our In family. a have and work to easier it make should we families, working about care we If raise. a deserve Americans better. know we but high, too are wages that says Trump Donald wage: minimum the increase to time It’s raise. a deserve Americans Hardworking his… of light The TN. Memphis, in killed and shot was Jr. King, Luther Martin Dr. brother, my friend, my today, ago yrs 48 @repjohnlewis: RT artículo. el Lee adelante. salir para clave la es educación la que cree Clinton Hillary women: country—especially the around families of millions help will wage minimum the Raising justice. toward universe moral the of arc the bending keep and King Dr. honor Let’s equality. for fight the in giant a lost we ago, years 48 justice. for fight ongoing the in place powerful a holds voice Angelou’s Maya 1928, in day this on Born ht… stands: race this where on facts the Get ✓ wins Hillary vote, people more When ✓ votes most the earned has Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT Vote: rights? women's and education on attacks GOP's the and @GovWalker stop you can How Hillary. for voting and polls the to heading you’re if Retweet Wisconsin! Day, Primary It’s Clinton.” Hillary will Neither justice. for fighting stop never will can I than more son my miss “I leave. paid guarantee to time It's spouse. sick or baby newborn a for care to off time get to able be all should We place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text today! vote Go Wisconsin: … plan: tough Hillary's follows It inversions. corporate on down crack to step strong a took just @USTreasury The @mpshapiro: RT … Shameful. abortion. criminalize to trying are PA in Republicans health: women's attacking Trump just not It's @mayaharris_: RT it. do to way the isn't @GovWalker like governors Republican on Relying affordable. more college make to need We … grandma. a being of says @HillaryClinton again," over all love in falling like is "It @TheView: RT finder: friend our with message a them Send today! Hillary for vote Wisconsin in friends your sure Make Brooklyn: in hall town Hillary's Watch back. women many too holding are that barriers the down tear to time It's families. of millions help would it Raising color. of women disproportionately are earners wage Minimum all. for and once gap pay the close to need We us. of all shortchange you women, shortchange you When over. are issue" "women's a as gap pay the dismissing of days The 2016. It’s in. live you state what on depend shouldn't meet ends make to ability your leave—but paid on leading is NY Proud doctors. criminalize and access health restrict to attempts Republican against rights—and our for up stand who'll president a deserve Women now! over head and here: place polling your Confirm Hillary. for vote to hours more few a Wisconsin—just it, is This true. Still 2016: in Hillary do. to thing right the is wage minimum the Raising 1995: in Hillary way. the leading Francisco San and York New see to Glad land. the of law the leave family paid make to going We're h… years for raise federal a for fought has ✔️ NY/CA in wage min $15 a supported has ✔️ Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT wrong. It's families. &amp; kids punish would and offensive, ridiculous, is wall a for pay Mexico make to "plan" Trump's -H Forward! campaign: this into hearts your poured who volunteers and voters the all To Wisconsin. winning on @BernieSanders to Congrats nomination. this win go let's and $1, in Chip so. say to time the now’s Hillary, with you’re If correcto. es No familias. a castigaría y ofensivo ridículo, es muro el por pague México que para Trump de "plan" El " Democratic of majority large "the means he "ambition," by If @TheBriefing2016: RT that: end Let's wage. minimum the than less disabilities with workers pay to legal is It -H taxes. their paying escape corporations let that loopholes the close to need We merger. the off calling is Pfizer hear to Glad reform. immigration comprehensive for fight let's wall, a build to proposals offensive and absurd of Instead succeed: workers American more help can we how on Philadelphia in @AFLCIO the to speaks Hillary live: Watch @AFLCIO the to -Hillary ahead.” stay and ahead get to able be should family your and you part, your do you “If . to fight the leading by today that do to continue They history. in class middle greatest the build helped Unions rights workers' restricting to opposition her on -Hillary America.” for wrong and workers for wrong is Work' to "'Right that: do we’ll how Here’s country. this in renaissance manufacturing a drive to need We -Hillary cut.” be to costs not in, invested be to assets as workers treating start to businesses more for time “It’s back. your have will I you, with stand will I this: is worker American every to message My https://t.… @HillaryClinton jobs." create to plan real a with president a deserve Americans working "Hard @PaAFL_CIO: RT win. and world the of rest the against compete to how knows who president a need We trade. against rail just doesn’t who president a need We story. of End discrimination. is are they who of because people LGBT serve to Refusing re… than standard legal higher a to held be should makers gun toy that believes who candidate a nominate cannot Democrats @ChrisMurphyCT: RT -H violence. gun stop to fight the in you With change. for voice your to compared noise just are comments hateful any remember, @EricaSmegs Hook. Sandy at killed children the of parents the over rights manufacturers' gun prioritized .@BernieSanders banks. the up break to plan his about detail big one forgot Sanders Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT -H @SenatorBarb. fairness, paycheck on fight the leading for Thanks Period. men. to equally paid be should Women You. years." 20 in legislation of piece important "most NRA's the for voted has candidate Democratic one Only America. in place no have bigotry and Hate together. people bring can who president a need We Trump. Donald than votes more with race this in candidate one only There's " candidates presidential qualified deeply and broadly most the of one choose to chance the have "Voters delight. unqualified an was It Pittsburgh. Thanks, children: of millions for care health expand to worked Hillary —@BillClinton seen." ever I've history in moment this for person qualified best the is "She Hillary. about saying are country the around newspapers What "Qualified" "Prepared" "Knowledgeable" 2008 Nov. State, of Sec. as Hillary on Sanders —Sen. choice” excellent an be would she &amp; Congress in people brightest the of one is "Clinton –@POTUS had." we've state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I answer! the us give to quiz handy this there's thing Good president? be to qualified Hillary's if wondering Still state. of secretary as world the around rights gay advance helped Hillary how Watch rights." human are rights "Gay this. re-up to time good a like Seems @NickMerrill: RT sticker: free your Get Agree? counting. and years 40 for girls and women for Fighting Nope. "unqualified." him called Clinton Hillary says Sanders Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT https://… @HillaryClinton with Equality Pay on Roundtable Glassdoor the host to Excited @Glassdoor: RT her: interviewed We office. the by stopped .@Carole_King https:… collectively. &amp; individually it, see we when discrimination out call must Mayors as We @mayoredlee: RT debt? loan student have didn’t you if have you would money more much How —Hillary them.” of one been not has ‘unqualified’ but years, the over things of lot a called been “I’ve need. they care health the access to women for impossible virtually it make politicians while back sit can't We Trump. Donald que votos más tiene candidata una Solo rights. their for fight the in workers with stand should WI—we in news Great America. for wrong is Work" to "Right more: And education kids' for Fought ✓ health families' Protected ✓ responders first 9/11 for up Stood ✓ —Hillary back." us set or country our undermine to efforts any against ground my stand will "I better. know We other. each against turning by problems America’s solve can we say Some Democrat. or candidate—Republican other any than votes more earned We’ve @EricaSmegs by this. it make today, thing one read you If @JuniorsCheeseck. to visit a without stop campaign Brooklyn a be Wouldn't rights. and health women's attacked has candidate presidential Republican Every Trump: just not It's right.) that read you (Yeah, high. too are wages says Trump Donald City York New of lady first —@Chirlane, families." working our help to prepared better is one "No https:/… level. next the to taking for @HillaryClinton to Thanks stopper. show a been always She's @BilldeBlasio: RT love. they who or are they who matter discrimination—no from free live to deserves American Every @RepCummings. support, your for you Thank @DoloresHuerta. hero, personal a to birthday Happy ballot." my cast to November in there be to have I that oncologist my told "I Scary. flying. for advice great some and bullies, to up standing wonk, a being about @GlennThrush with talked Hillary wrong. dead He's other. each against turning by problems America’s solve can we says Trump Donald choices. Hard apart. us drive together—not us bring will who leader a need We NRA. the over safety families' prioritize always should president next Our close. comes country developed other No year. each violence gun from die Americans 33,000 to. choose we whether of question a just It’s violence. gun prevent to steps commonsense take AND rights Amendment Second our protect can We immunity. their end Let's too. be should makers gun kids, our endangering for accountable held are companies toy If https://… crisis water city’s the address to takes it as long as Flint with We’re success. for progress mistake can't We @ChelseaClinton: RT violence: gun stop help to time It's "normal." as this accept can't We them. of one you're if RT violence. gun reduce to steps support owners) gun (and Americans of majority A https:/… @HillaryClinton w/ Equality Pay on Roundtable Glassdoor conversation. the Join @Glassdoor: RT → sticker your get agree, you If Kasich. or Cruz, Trump, President a afford can't We man?” a as much as paid be you’ll president, you’re when that think you “Do today. ago year One -H gap. that close Let's color. of women for worse It's do. men $1 every for $ just earn Women year. past the in together built we’ve what here's strong: millions that's campaign a to trip road Iowa one From that. fix to have we agree you if RT earns. man a $1 every for $ just makes woman average The … Hillary." with there get we’ll And there. getting we’re but go, to way long a have still We way. long a come "We’ve @HFA: RT gap. pay the close to time It’s most. the it feel color of women paycheck—and every on out lose Women https://… CA! in way the paving for @JimmyGomezCA &amp; @JerryBrownGov Thanks gap. wage gender closing to critical is leave Paid @Ann_OLeary: RT @NYDailyNews case. "Too-Big-to-Fail" MetLife the about talking Bernie vs. Clinton Side-by-side: @zatchry: RT economy the to trillion $ add would equally women and men Paying @micnews: RT https… primary for @HillaryClinton endorses Board Editorial @nydailynews page front Tomorrow's @NYDailyNews: RT decisions. care health own her make to free be should woman Every PA: in legislators Republican for Reminder … old. hand" "whole a turned neighborhood—and new a to moved she’s campaign, Hillary's launch helped Riley Since @HFA: RT it. for fight the leading keep to needs president next Our done. isn't work our pay—but equal on progress made We've … yr each men than less billion $ about earn women NYC @TishJames: Advocate Public NYC from report New @mayaharris_: RT pay. equal ensure to need We groceries. for men than less charged get women like not It's Clinton." Hillary with stand I why ’s I life the than better be to life son’s my want "I @HFA: RT debunked: gap, wage the on Myths less. paid still are women woman—yet a being for discount no There’s 2015. in made men what to up catch to average, on women, for 2016 into long this taken it's means h… @HillaryClinton. ask Just law? current under bank a up breaking about go you would How @mikereedschmidt: RT Hillary: endorsing —@NYDailyNews realist.” warrior superprepared a Clinton in York “New this: fix to have We away. ride bus a just often are weapons illegal laws, gun strict with states in Even justice: environmental for fight to plan her on @NationalAction at speak Hillary watch to in Tune barriers. environmental includes that back—and families holding barrier every down break to need We —Hillary Detroit.” of suburb white wealthy, a in happened have never would Flint in happened “What years: 5 within threat health public major a as lead eliminate would plan justice environmental Hillary's —Hillary live." to place healthy and safe a and drink to water clean breathe, to air clean deserves America in family every and child "Every nation: developed other any in than gun a by murdered be to likely more times 11 are women American h… money" and time Americans save will "It proposal: tax smart @SenWarren's on .@HillaryClinton @mikereedschmidt: RT America. in luxury a be shouldn't air Clean —@gabbygiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is “Speaking ellos. de 7 Conoce familias. las para especialmente resultados, logró Hillary país al servicio de décadas Durante Perez —Tom nosotros". por luchará Clinton "Hillary not. or them won you else’s—whether everyone as much as count votes Southerners’ issue. rights civil a issue—it's health public a just isn't justice Environmental so. think don't Americans Hardworking Really? high. too are wages says Trump Donald -H Zika. by impacted parents to out goes heart My now. treatment and vaccine a in invest to need We urgent. is This eso”. haciendo continuará que pienso y comunidad cada de personas a unir puede “Ella Hillary. endorsed have may @nydailynews the why at hint a Here's @TheBriefing2016: RT history: modern in candidate major any by security national on statements reckless most the made Trump's Donald tratamiento. y vacuna una desarrollar para ahora invertir que Tenemos urgente. es Zika del virus del situación La ET. 9pm at CNN Watch great. America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don't You blue! of sea beautiful A @HillaryForNY: RT them." of one not is 'Quitter' people. many by things many called been "I’ve ella. con estás que sepa Hillary que para 47246 al LATINOS Envía hoy! es ¡El ET. 9:00 at tonight's for in Tune debate. 2000 a in Hillary to results: of record her out check stage, the takes Hillary Before tonight. Hillary on cheering you're if RT —Hillary first." a was life—that my in things of lot a called been I've unqualified. me call did Sanders "Sen. again. over and over NRA the with voted who's someone for interests special stopping about lot a talks Sanders Sen. done. it get to plan a has Hillary it. do actually to harder Street—it's Wall fix you'll say to easy It's Street. Wall on oversight reduce to voted never who candidate only the Hillary's accountable—but banks big hold to need we agree Democrats Street. Wall on answers Two @TheBriefing2016: RT industry. auto the and economy, the jobs, of millions vote: that by saved Also @BernieSanders. answer, that on waiting still We're @TheBriefing2016: RT stop. Full acceptable. not That's City. York New in year a shot 1,000 day. each 90 guns. from country this in year every die people 33,000 maker? gun a than child your endangering for maker toy a sue to easier it's that possible it is How deaths. gun for accountable held be should makers gun thinks who stage on candidate one only There's https:/… pass helped Sanders bill the with ended market black the onto guns of flow the stem to years in effort biggest The @MotherJones: RT reform justice criminal on speech Clinton's Hillary text: Full @voxdotcom: RT system. justice criminal broken our fix and racism systemic tackle to have We education. high-quality a guaranteed be should code, ZIP or income, race, her or his matter no child, Every bill. the for voted You vivan. donde o familia su de ingresos los étnico, origen su importa no calidad alta de educación una merecen niños los Todos lobby. gun the above families put always will who president a need We change climate combating on —Hillary problem." the about something do to harder It's problem. the diagnose to easy "It's now. change climate fight to solutions real need We revolution. political a for wait can't planet The policy. foreign on experience of bit a got state—she's of secretary as years Four climático. cambio el combatir para prácticas soluciones Necesitamos política. revolución una por esperar puede no planeta El https:… endorsement our Read times.” modern in presidency the for candidates qualified most the of one is Clinton "Hillary @RollingStone: RT https… it." solve to trying than easier lot a is problem the "Describing Israel/Palestine: on Sanders to Clinton @NewRepublic: RT it? on question single a been hasn't there that possible it is how country, the across attack under health women's With rights. women's on leader a need We Kasich. or Cruz, Trump, President a afford can’t We years. 20+ for it for fighting been Hillary’s why That’s care. health universal need we agree we , the At debt. student existing with people help also should We college. public a at tuition pay to loan a out take to have should American No likely. Not plan. college @BernieSanders’ of third one fund to have would governors Republican —Hillary decisions." own our make to ability our autonomy, rights, our women: as are we who to goes [abortion]—this about asked never "We're disgrace. a distraction—it's a not That's abortion. an seeking for punished be should women said Trump Donald voter. Democratic other every as much as just matter voters Democratic Southern —Hillary America." of people the of lives the improve will that results deliver keep—we'll can't we promises make just won't we "Together, tonight. Hillary with standing you're if RT sticker: your get and today in Chip history. change can we together, work we If Hillary: with you're say to name your Add results. delivers other lines—the catchy delivers candidate One better?” it make to do I can “What asking years—always 45 for known I've @HillaryClinton the know Yorkers New @billclinton: RT them. defend to need we are—and we who of heart the at They're "distraction." a aren't rights Women's kids. of millions for care health securing to lobby gun the on taking from results, of record A h… and bullying anti-LGBT end to fighting and today @GLSEN the in part taking students many the of proud So @dominiclowell: RT Harlem East in center senior a at dominoes of game a joins HRC @albamonica: RT @nowthisnews) (via none. are there Hillary—because influenced donations time a name couldn't Sanders Sen. ones. smaller several also and ideas, big of lot a has @HillaryClinton guest Monday's @StephenAtHome: RT punished." be should women that saying Trump Donald of name the by candidate presidential a have "We https:/… . for Time country. the of rest the than larger is NYC for gap Wage @mayaharris_: RT woman. a being for discount no there's but makes, man a what of 79% just paid is full-time working woman typical A lobby. gun the against families victims' with stand and violence gun on action take will who president a need We fees. legal dealer's gun the pay to have they Now, shooting. Aurora the in daughter their lost couple This was debate night's last thought you If that. changing is @EAFNYC NYC. in neighborhoods seven from came population prison York's New of 75% 1992, In affordable. more housing make to need We rent. on income their half than more spend the in renters of quarter A https:… families: of millions helped has that EITC federal the on building , the with taxes on save can Californians @Ann_OLeary: RT forward. moving always We're up. getting always We're down. us keep can't you but down, us knock can You -H veterans. our to commitment our fulfill should America benefits. Bill GI cut shouldn't Congress right, is .@IAVA -H terror. of acts defeat always will resilience and strength Your ago. years 3 bombing the remember we as Boston of Thinking lobby. gun the not families, protect to have We enough." is "enough say, to us for time It's reality. a vision that make to steps the take and world better a envision can She Hillary: on Abdul-Jabbar Kareem burdens. cost housing severe face to households white as likely as twice than more are households Latino @raymondbraun. star YouTube with campaign the on scenes the Behind normal. as that accept can't We America. in day every guns by killed are people 90 About gang." a join to not them tell to have don't or senator a be might he that believes man young a "If Brooklyn. in friend new A —@Carole_King vote!” Go York! New you, love “I @HFA: RT afectadas”. más las son afroamericanas y latinas familias las y renta la pagar por luchan neoyorquinos “Muchos … @HillaryClinton: endorses —@PhillyInquirer Clinton" word, a "In read: afternoon Sunday Your @HillaryforPA: RT … up: grown all Program, Insurance Health Children's the by covered kids the of three Meet @HFA: RT photos. in Harlem, East in day great A -H earthquake. yesterday's from ones loved lost who families the and Ecuador of people the to out go hearts Our ayer. de terremoto el en queridos seres a perdieron que familias las y ecuatorianos los con están corazones Nuestros … finder: friend our with message a them Send Tuesday. on Hillary for vote York New in friends your sure Make @HFA: RT http… primary. presidential Democratic Connecticut in Clinton Hillary endorses Courant Hartford @hartfordcourant: RT do. can't we nothing there's hate, and division to turning of instead values our for up stand we If party: block Heights Washington during @HillaryClinton twirls senator state York New WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT lives: changing is school York New one How life." your dictate from come you where let not Do possible. is "Anything why. learn to 47246 to RECORD Text president. be to takes it what has Hillary anyone: than better this know Yorkers New @HillaryForNY: RT food. affordable healthy, access to ability your determine shouldn't code zip Your issue. this on work your for thanks .@TomColicchio, deportation. to parents her losing of fear in live to have should child No → aquí York Nueva en votar dónde Encuentre -H you. with are prayers Our traveling. avoid and safe stay please Houston, in everyone To -H fate. their deciding begins SCOTUS Today, deportation. by apart torn being of fear in live home America call who families of Millions -H relief. families more bring to further even go and together families these keep to actions executive Obama's President protect will I -H president. as days 100 first my within legislation propose I'll now. reform immigration comprehensive need We -H system. immigration broken our fix finally and citizenship equal and full to path a create to time It's did." she And marriage. gay against amendment Constitutional the block to me promised "She … migratorio sistema quebrado nuestro fin por arreglar y igualitaria e plena ciudadanía la encaminar de “Hora @lorellapraeli: RT history." modern in candidates presidential qualified deeply and broadly most the of "One Hillary: on .@NYTimes Noho in restaurant Colors at wage tipped the to end an for call continues HRC day: the of stop 7th @albamonica: RT ET. 11:30pm at @colbertlateshow on Hillary Watch @StephenAtHome. unknown, the into forward Push https:… this: Read . the in @MikeyLikesItNY favorite, @HillaryClinton old an by Stopped @NickMerrill: RT strengths. biggest America's of one that's same—and the worship or same, the sound or same, the look all don't We immigration. on actions executive @POTUS’s reverse would candidate presidential Republican Every place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you. needs York—Hillary New today, vote Go → aquí York Nueva en votar dónde Encuentre voz! tu ¡Alza Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head Yorkers New back. hold didn’t They Trump. Donald of think really they what Yorkers New asked We day. primary York New on stop First try. one you take only It'll York. New vote, Go blog: live our on know to need you all Get York. New in It's do. all we unless potential its reach can't country Our do. can't we nothing there's respect, and kindness with other each treat and backs other's each have we If → blog live our on from latest the Get York. New in close polls until hours few a Just entrevista. esta en explica nos delegados en experto Nuestro delegados? de sistema el funciona ¿Cómo over: head then place, polling your Confirm primary. NY the in vote to left hours few a Just polls. the to heading Yorkers New of couple A ht… out. find to liveblog @HFA's out Check vote? Yorkers New while to up @HillaryClinton What's @TheBriefing2016: RT -H you. for fighting stop never I'll tonight. again and ago years 16 me in faith your put You York. New you, Thank York. New you, at back Right House: White the to way the all back her got you've know Hillary let to $3 in Chip nomination. this win Let's you. Thank win. your is This York: New in out hearts your worked who supporters and organizers, volunteers, our To going. momentum the keep to now up Sign vote. the out get to hard worked who everyone to belongs victory Tonight's news. the spreading Start live: Hillary Watch York! New it, did We sight.” in is goal our and stretch home the in is nomination Democratic the for race “The done. things get to like also Yorkers New But campaign. this in goals progressive bold, setting we’re big—and dream to place a is York New down. other each tearing not up, other each lifting about It’s @HFA: RT down. them tearing up—not people lifting be should We dangerous. &amp; divisive that's America for vision a pushing are Cruz Ted &amp; Trump Donald weakness. a not strength, a is diversity Our continent. every from hail and faith, every worship language, every speak Yorkers New together.” rise all and election this win and out go let’s So upward. ‘Excelsior’–ever is state this of motto “The tonight. her with you're Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text → aquí campaña la a Unete apoyo. su por gracias Muchas York! Nueva ustedes todos de es victoria ¡Esta —Hillary done." things get to like also Yorkers New But big. dreaming for place a is York "New votes.” million 10 win Republican—to or one—Democrat only the is campaign this you, of "Because night last York New in —Hillary movement." a into mourning her and strategy a into sorrow her turned has "Erica York New in Clinton Hillary for triumph, a and homecoming, A @nytimes: RT adelante. salir puedan todos que para inmigrantes los para luchará Clinton Hillary -H Tubman: Harriet than bill $20 the for choice better a of think can't I fighter. freedom a and leader, a woman, A principal School Hook Sandy of daughter —@EricaSmegs, have." we what through go to have should families more "No stickers. voted" "I vote: to right the women win to fought who Anthony, B. Susan for yesterday tribute fitting A -H families. Flint help to now act to needs Congress but Flint, in poisoning water for accountable held are people that important It's @MikeyLikesItNY. Thanks, good. so tasted never "Victory" nomination. this win go Let's York. New you, Thank … Appearance @GMA 1988 in Equality Female Talks Clinton Hillary @LSherABC: RT @GMA. on skits Hillary @NBCSNL to reacts Hillary which In . to time It's action. take would Congress year, per people 33,000 killed else anything If @GMA on —Hillary color." of people on system justice criminal the of effects unequal the address to got have "We losses. these to indifferent become cannot We epidemic. an is violence Gun them. stop to need We crimes. in used guns of majority vast the supply actors bad few A @GMA on —Hillary immediately." returned be should rights voting your society, to debt your paid you've "Once … @MsPattyJackson w/ Passing @prince's On Reflects .@HillaryClinton @wdasfm: RT reality. a it make to can we everything do to have We women. for pay equal support we say just to enough isn't It —Hillary us." divides than us unites that more much there's believe I Sanders, Sen. supported who people the all "To masiva. encarcelación la sobre concienciar a ayudando York Nueva en gimnasio un de historia la Conoce Day. Earth Happy planet. our of future the protect to got we've kids, our for future better a make To -H planet? our save help to action taking than Day Earth celebrate to way better What deal. climate Paris the signing is the Proud -H crisis: this address to funding approve to Congress Tell now. act to have we &amp; health public to threat a is Zika women for pay equal ensuring on —Hillary money." the making be to need You money. the on be to enough not is "It safe. families keep to now funding emergency approve Congress: tell and name your Add Zika—fast. on act to need We yuge. remain would gap pay the Trump, Donald Under @TheBriefing2016: RT . to need we agree you if RT aren't. policies Republican changing. is climate The -H voting. to barriers down break to continuing for @GovernorVA friend my of Proud https… society &amp; environment our on impact unmatched have will that accord—one historic a signing by celebrate We @johnpodesta: RT h… every power to energy renewable enough install emissions, cut to further go &amp; Paris on deliver will who leader a need We @johnpodesta: RT … are. policies His him. about thing offensive most the isn't women about things awful saying Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT America. in home every power to energy renewable enough generate can we years, ten In planeta. nuestro de futuro el proteger que tenemos niños, nuestros a futuro mejor un dejarle Para -H celebrating. those to sameach Chag injustice. of forms all fighting to recommit and ones loved with gather to chance a is Passover … . we important so it's why That’s world. healthy a in up grow &amp; live should children All @ChelseaClinton: RT women. benefit that policies about says he what Here's women. about things offensive says Trump Donald know all We crisis: health public this address to Congress Tell act. to longer any wait can't we and the reached has Zika Sad! rhetoric? hateful his forgetting into us fool can he think Trump Does http… now. showing is data early what &amp; world the of parts other affected has Zika how Rullan: Dr. from lot a learned We @AmandaRenteria: RT ht… him. let Don't election. general the to approach "etch-a-sketch" Romney's Mitt take to try to going is Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT embarazadas. mujeres las a especialmente Zika), (del puertorriqueños los a proteger para ahora actuar que Tenemos https:… women pregnant for kits providing &amp; educating clinics WIC @HillaryClinton. for mission fact-finding Zika Rico Puerto @Ann_OLeary: RT live. to place healthy and safe a and drink, to water clean breathe, to air clean deserves America in child Every https:/… @CanoMartinPena flooded of tour Powerful Rico. Puerto to extend will fight justice environmental .@HillaryClinton's @Ann_OLeary: RT … Rico. Puerto en especialmente Zika, del virus del situación la atender a comprometido ha se Clinton Hillary @AmandaRenteria: RT humanos. derechos los a abusos denunciar que tienen se cuando intimida se no Uno mom. her for voting before visited @ChelseaClinton suffrage. demand to ago years 170 Falls Seneca in gathered Women is. he who us shown has Trump them. believe are, they who you shows someone When absurdity. Presidential" more becoming is Trump "Donald this on taking @HillaryClinton see to Great @TUSK81: RT vote. to people for harder it make to try and science climate deny who people from endorsements in interested Not décadas. por líder una sido ha Hillary y siglo medio de más lleva costo bajo a médica cobertura la por lucha La protection." and dignity worth life a has Everybody story. a has "Everybody can. we as long as for can, we ways the all in can, we good the all do to together stand Let's why. Here's Clinton. Hillary for vote to readers their urging are states primary Tuesday in boards Editorial —@BaltimoreSun: proposals." out thought well realistic, advanced has Clinton "Ms. @NOAA. at scientist chief appointed woman first the became Earle Sylvia biologist marine and explorer 1990, In kindness. and love more is need really we what but candidate, presidential a from coming strange sound might This —@PhillyDailyNews candidate.” other any than accomplished more “She's House." White the to done job the getting for passion same that bring to her on count can "Voters Island. Rhode y Delaware Pensilvania, Maryland, Connecticut, —@lenadunham everyone." for place better a becomes world the fall, women for barriers "When @HFA: RT how. Here's weekend. this detail Service Secret Hillary's of part became Noah Eight-year-old @Maddow to —Hillary society." post-racial a not are We more. [racism] about talk to have I person, white a "As —Hillary men." as rights same the deserve women believe I because feminist a "I'm lives. save to act to need excuses—we more No control. of out is epidemic violence gun America's Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head RI and PA, MD, DE, CT, in Voters kindness. and love more need We campaign. this in rhetoric hateful much too way heard We've Island. Rhode y Delaware Pensilvania, Maryland, Connecticut, en Primarias today: vote to plan a make and name your add Hillary, with you’re If RI. and PA, MD, DE, CT, in Day Primary It’s world. the around and home society—at our and economy our of aspect every in men as rights same the deserve Women place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you. needs Hillary vote: Go RI? or PA, MD, DE, CT, in Live accountable. them hold to need we lobby, gun the to up stand won't leaders our If https:… protected. be must activists and on, carry must rights LGBT on work Mannan's deplorable. are murders brutal These @rosenbergerlm: RT back. us holding it's wrong, only not it's racism—and with struggle still We society. post-racial a not are We over: head then here, go to where Confirm RI. and PA, MD, DE, CT, in soon close Polls -H possible. it make helped who employees the with success its sharing Chobani see to Great this. Love see: should you that hall town @MSNBC night’s last from answers Three Maryland. you, Thank Delaware! it, did We yours. is win This possible. this made who everyone to Thanks Pennsylvania! -H believing. for Thanks special. something building is team this state, by state vote, by Vote you. Thank campaign. this built who've supporter and donor, volunteer, organizer, every to belong wins Tonight's Philadelphia. in results primary tonight's on speaks Hillary live: Watch election.” this win to party our unify We’ll delegates. pledged most the and votes most the to back come to going "We’re team: this join to now in Chip donated. have million than More them. solve to us want they problems, diagnose to us want just don’t They solutions. for hungry are Americans —Hillary together" problems solve to ability our in confidence people’s restoring about is campaign "Our —Hillary us.” divides than us unites that more much there’s me, support you or Sanders Senator support you “Whether —Hillary Obama." Barack to Roosevelt Franklin from tradition progressive strong a on build can "We Street." Main threaten to allowed be again never can Street Wall That high. too is inequality and low too are wages that agree all "We all. them defend Let's disabilities. with people for rights and rights LGBT rights. women’s &amp; rights Worker’s rights. voting &amp; rights Civil —Hillary in.” me deal then card,’ ‘woman the playing is pay equal and leave family paid and care health women’s for fighting “If —Hillary barriers.” down breaking we’re walls, building of instead where tomorrow a “Imagine —Hillary hate.” trumps tomorrow a "Imagine —Hillary nomination." the win Let’s forward. go "Let’s nomination: this win go let's and $1, in Pitch sight. in is victory you, to Thanks back. her got you've Hillary tell to 47246 to IMWITHHER Text Connecticut. you, Thank hate. trumps love and strong, are communities supported, are families honored, is work hard where tomorrow a Imagine card" "woman's that About @realDonaldTrump. speech, your Caught PA in night last —Hillary doers." and dreamers both be to have We made: gets progress how is "That https://… act: to Congress Tell Zika. fight to funding emergency need We clear: it made Rico Puerto to trip fact-finding Our @Ann_OLeary: RT card." "woman's the playing says, Trump Donald as Or leave. paid and pay, equal care, health women's for Fighting https:/… -Hillary deserves. it attention the get doesn't families their and women on impact incarceration's Mass @mayaharris_: RT all. them defend Let's rights. women’s and rights Workers’ rights. voting and rights Civil for. stand we everything against goes rhetoric anti-Muslim Trump's Donald htt… bad. they're that is problem The policy. foreign about ideas of lot a has Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT show. colors true his letting he's again once election, general the into heading tone his change would Trump that reports of week a After Really? "shouting." Hillary's from recovered" "hasn't he said Trump morning, This "." the night, Last to. have shouldn't women of Millions attacks. these handle can Hillary joke. a aren't comments Trump's but headlines, flashy make might They back. us set Trump's like Comments problem. the of part be shouldn't president barriers—a many too face still Women Parenthood. Planned defund Would leave. family paid support Wouldn't pay. equal dismissed He's beginning. the just is rhetoric Trump's , the playing is women for fighting if So https://t… response: Hillary's weapons. nuclear with unpredictability" "need we said has Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT dangerous. it's offensive, just isn't policy foreign Trump's Donald Yikes. devastating. are consequences The prisoners. women its of 30% nearly but women world's the of 5% has The values. our aren't chaos—these and violence inciting other, each against Americans pitting Muslims, away Turning us: Join election. this win and out go Let's @HFA: RT —@realDonaldTrump folks." do, to going I'm say, I "Everything -H done. Well officer. infantry female first Army's the become to about is Griest Kristen Capt. Same. Trump? President Parenthood. Planned and leave, paid pay, equal opposes Trump Candidate No. Hillary: you? intimidate Trump Donald Does .@jimmyfallon: counter: the over available contraception emergency make helped Hillary when 2008 to -H threat: this address to Republicans for time It's @PattyMurray. more, agree Couldn't abortion. an seeking for punished be should women said Trump Donald Fact: value. American an isn't Hate playing? Trump is card what ," the "playing is women for fighting If now: in Chip one? Want años. los de través a Clinton Hillary de logros los de alguno Conoce him. to up stand bully, a see you If it. condemn violence, see you If it. oppose bigotry, see you If why. you show will video This presidency. Trump a afford can't We @TheBriefing2016: RT … virus? Zika the of spread the stop we can How @HillaryClinton: candidate Presidential @Quora: RT @Quora: on answers Hillary threat? Zika the fight to do we can What in. us Deal cards? woman of deck entire An Bill. GI 9/11 post the back rolling not by thing right the did Committee Affairs Veterans Senate The @jmurray20: RT purchases. your on discount 21% a include not *does *: own your Get … concerning" "quite views policy foreign Trump's Donald calls Clinton Hillary @CNN: RT presidencia…. su ser podría Así Trump. de promesas las son Estas : your of perks the of some Just care! health to access Limited leave! family paid No wages! Lower him. to up stand bully, a see you If https://t… her for campaigned friends after queen prom winning student HS Muslim on article @nytimes Touching @jastengco: RT us. divides than us unites that more lot a There's hombre? un fuera si pagarían le que mismo lo pagar a van le presidenta, sea cuando que ¿Crees day. any play we'd card a is rights women's for Fighting ? The # the playing is women for up standing If workers. with stand to have we incomes, raise to want we If rights. union Protect leave. paid Ensure wage. minimum the Raise votes. more has who candidate one only There's nomination. GOP the clinching to ever than closer is Trump Donald https:/… works. education sex &amp; contraception to access opposition, Republican Despite low. all-time at rate pregnancy Teen @mayaharris_: RT -H approves. Hillary Aunt night. last job Nice @potus future.” kids’ your for fighting want you who that’s and uniform, dirty a got she’s tested, battle "She’s country. our to Islanders Pacific &amp; Americans Asian from contributions tremendous the celebrate let's , This → Detroit in dinner @NAACP annual 61st the addresses Hillary live: Watch Hughes Langston quoting —Hillary prayer.” a poetry…that’s than more is That love.’ of land strong great that ‘be America “Let —Hillary behind." left gets who and America in ahead gets who determining in role significant a plays still “Race —Hillary families." white for that of fraction tiny a just is families black for wealth median the when wrong "Something’s —Hillary children.” their burying are parents black many so when wrong “Something’s end. to have rights voting on attacks The harder. not vote, to easier it making be should We all: them tackling means injustice racial Tackling pay. Equal justice. Criminal Education. care. Health —Hillary problems." our are These problems. else’s somebody aren’t violence—these gun poverty, inter-generational racism, "Systemic —Hillary hands." Trump’s Donald into fall legacy Obama’s Barack let cannot "We —Hillary hate." trumps love that sure make Let’s mobilize. and organize Let’s together. going keep "Let’s https… Mexico to ambassador new the as Jacobson Roberta confirmed finally Senate Republican-led the wait, long a After @Jorge_Silva: RT parents. working respect to need we succeed, kids our help and communities strong build to going we're If -H now: act should We irresponsible. is Congress from inaction Continued crisis. economic an faces Rico Puerto resultados. lograr y desafíos a enfrentarse para preparada candidata única la es ella que demostrado ha Hillary ones. loved for caring and eating between choose to have shouldn't Families luxury. a isn't leave family Paid ya actuar Debemos irresponsable. es Congreso del inacción persistente la y económica crisis una enfrenta Rico Puerto law. abortion restrictive new, state's the on taking is Clinton Hillary Indiana, In @TheBriefing2016: RT rise. all we words, hateful side's other the against together stand we When forward—together. move Let's Trump. Donald by away torn be @POTUS under made we've progress the all let can't We best. it puts @AndraDayMusic kindness, and love to comes it When Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head Hoosiers, it. disregarding blatantly for accountable held are Blankenship Don like people so safety miner coal on act Let's ahead!" speed "Full be? Knope Leslie would president of kind What place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you. needs Hillary vote: Go Indiana? in Live economy: our grow and jobs create to plans her on Ohio in speaking Hillary’s live: Watch —Hillary honored.” be should legacy that and secure, and prosperous more America made Appalachia of workers the that question no “There’s day.” single every you for and them for be to going I’m November, in me for vote don’t people if “Even improvements. infrastructure and projects locally-driven in investing by jobs good-paying more create We’ll —Hillary purpose." of sense a and dignity about It’s paycheck. a getting than more much so about is job good a “Having programs. retraining and vocational to college to pre-K training—from and education in investing means Appalachia Revitalizing it: address to plan Her —Hillary Appalachia.” across rise the on all are suicide and abuse alcohol abuse, “Drug —Hillary before.” us failed that economics trickle-down old same the it’s Unfortunately, offering? side other the is “What that. afford can't We more. even them give would Cruz Ted billionaires. &amp; millionaires to trillion $ give would plan tax Trump’s Donald families. your help to thing a do won’t that solutions fake Trump's on waste to time have don’t We —Hillary children.” our of one single every of work hard the and talents the of advantage take will that future a build to going “We’re -H states. 50 all in kids adopt now can are, they who matter no parent, loving Every news. this by Thrilled today: vote Hillary, for Hoosier a you’re If Indiana. Day, Primary It’s women toward comments disparaging @realDonaldTrump's on —Hillary anymore." out counted be to going not "We're raise. a deserve They back. the on pat a just than more deserve teachers Our president: become him let can't we agree you if now in Chip nominee. @GOP presumptive the is Trump Donald Trump on —Hillary voice." their be to going I'm group, every literally after goes he as women, after goes he "As back: Hillary's got you've if now in Chip presidency. Trump a stop can who left candidate one only There's down. him vote let’s then down, him shut to want you If are. we who not is Trump Donald know We http… demagogue. a is probably it then demagogue, a like talks and demagogue, a like acts demagogue, a like looks it If @TheBriefing2016: RT Whi… the reaches never insecurity &amp; hatred of stew toxic @realDonaldTrump’s sure make to out heart my fight to going I'm @elizabethforma: RT president. as do would nominee @GOP presumptive the what Here's —Trump folks." do, to going I'm say, I "Everything higher." much get don’t stakes The hate. versus love and selfishness, versus compassion division, versus "Unity @AndersonCooper to —Hillary country." the running Trump Donald like cannon loose a on risk a take can we think don't "I @realDonaldTrump: on —Hillary misfire." to tend cannons loose and cannon, loose a "He's rivals: @GOP Trump's on —Hillary him." with agreed basically they because issues the on on him take couldn't "They agree. Rubio Marco and Cruz, Ted Romney, Mitt proposition. dangerous a is Trump" "President equality. for monument national a soon and movement, a of birthplace the Stonewall: here: Details Trump. stop can you engineer software a As @kylerush: RT @realDonaldTrump on —@LindseyGrahamSC bigot." religious xenophobic, race-baiting, a "He's @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary country." our running Trump Donald like cannon loose a on risk a take can we think don't "I Seriously. immigrants. of millions deport &amp; the entering from Muslims ban to proposals his by stood just Trump -H one? get I can Where Ellen. this, Love for. stands it what Here's Trump. of party the now is Party Republican The everywhere. intolerance and hate fighting to ourselves rededicate and lost lives of millions the remember we Day, Remembrance Holocaust On Flint. in crisis ongoing the on light shining and today visiting for @POTUS, you, Thank @ChelseaClinton: RT today: @HFA join to Apply November. in GOP the and Trump Donald on take to team strongest the need We Blanca. Casa la a acerque se peligrosa y odiosa retórica su que dejar podemos No Republicano. Partido del nominado presunto el es Trump Nope: Trump? President divisive. and dangerous, reckless, is Trump Donald agree: Republicans "Yes." @realDonaldTrump: country?" the entering from banned be should Muslims that believe still you "Do … companies: minority-owned and women- for President—especially Business Small the be will Hillary @mikereedschmidt: RT really you who reflect friends your say They together." this in all are we again believe to Americans more want "I immigrants. of millions deport president: as do he'll says Trump What do." I folks, do, gonna I'm say I "Everything yesterday —Trump, deported.” be gonna “They’re ago minutes 52 —Trump, Hispanics!” love “I Irresponsable. exterior? política la sobre visión su es ¿Cómo Ejército. del Comandante próximo tu ser podría Trump immigrants. of millions deport and the entering from Muslims ban to plans his by stood Trump night, Last citizenship. birthright end would Trump Donald FACT: most. the them hurt would deportations Trump's parent. undocumented one least at have the in kids million apart. them rip not together, families keep to fighting be should We economy. our into and shadows the of out people bring will reform immigration Comprehensive https:/… @RealDonaldTrump. endorsed He's America." in lawman lawless most "the called been He's @TheBriefing2016: RT president. next the become Trump Donald let cannot We -H table. the at them meet should VW deserve. they rights the for voices their raising are TN in workers Volkswagen president. for nominee their be to selected has @GOP the man the is This to. wants he says Trump times many how matter them—no deport and immigrants of millions up round to going not We're were…honest. They presidency. Trump Donald a about feel they how people dozen a asked We why: us Tell president? become not should @realDonaldTrump thinks who Republican a you Are deportación. la o discriminación la de sombras las bajo crezca niño ningún que el en mañana un Imaginemos About —@realDonaldTrump everybody." with along get "I this. solve to got We've ones. loved and neighbors, friends, kids, our hurt addiction drug and abuse Substance -H assigned. been they've roles the than more much so are Women this. for thanks @JLo party). own his of members (from president become never should Trump Donald why reasons 62 -H @SadiqKhan. Congrats, London. of Mayor now and rights, human and rights workers' of champion driver, bus Pakistani a of Son Scout. Girl a always Scout, Girl a Once @HFA: RT compete. to woman first the becoming , the at history into way her rode Crump Diane 1970, In reacciones. sus fueron estas Trump—y Donald sobre neoyorquinos varios a Preguntamos … Charlotte daughter raise @ChelseaClinton watch to is it exciting how on .@HillaryClinton @people: RT Seriously. office. in day first his classrooms—on in guns allow to schools all force would .@realDonaldTrump → gone they're before them Get @evafehren. and @DVF from designs New -H @ChelseaClinton. daughter, wonderful my and mom, Charlotte's to Day Mother's Happy mom her on —Hillary known." she'd anything beyond far opportunities brothers my and me give to determined was "She —Hillary: others." serve and us help to able was she much how by life own her measured “Mom @HFA: RT mom. a become Chelsea watching and grandmother a becoming about talks Hillary gift." incredible an been only "It's House: White the reaches never @realDonaldTrump sure make to do can you what Here's idea. good a that's thinks who Here's Commander-in-Chief. next our be could Trump Donald nation. the across spread it families, Arkansas to program preschool innovative this introduced Hillary When hurting." still those up lift can that policies about talk honest requires nation just more a America "Making → Watch Virginia. in families working with discussion roundtable a leads Hillary Facebook: on Live women: for pay equal on —Hillary you" affects it working, is who daughter a sister, a wife, a mother, a have you "If —@VoxDotCom economy." the destroy would States United the to idea [Trump's] "Applying … @POTUS. to Kudos mammal. national our now is story success conservation first America's that Fitting @johnpodesta: RT us. of all for problem a That's do. men $1 every for $ just earn Women raise. a need Americans —@businessinsider economy." American the tank would that idea insane an floating is "Trump —@realDonaldTrump deal." a make could I crashed, economy the if that knowing borrow would "I Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head Virginians, West care. child on income its of 10% than more pay to have should family No himself. for fight will other The you. for fight will candidate One @TheBriefing2016: RT illegal." wrong—it's only not was you to happened "What baby: her losing after fired was she Hillary told woman A live: watch to in Tune care. child about families with talking today Kentucky in Hillary's achieve. to struggling are Americans many too that necessity a It's few. the for luxury a isn't care child affordable Quality, 10%. than more spend to has family no sure make Let's care. child on income their of 40% spends wage minimum the earning parent Kentucky A much. too paid being are Americans that argued actually Trump Donald care, child for pay to struggling are families While —Hillary families." working all for affordable care child quality make we time It’s enough. is "Enough convention. @GOP the at delegate a be to leader nationalist white a selected just Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT Trump. de presidencia una evitar para mismo ahora hacer puedes que cosas Cuatro $0. be would wage minimum federal the way, his had Trump If -H parents: and teachers include that solutions need we and crisis, in are schools public Detroit's https:/… milestone: huge DREAMers--a to scholarships providing by opportunity of ladders build to continues .@thedream_us @lorellapraeli: RT family. every for affordable it make Let's tuition. college than expensive more even is care child states, many In everyone. for work economy the make and poverty, of out families of millions lift wage, minimum the raise to need We https:… states: these in live you if problem a only That's wage. minimum the for floor federal a for need no sees Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT @ for week banner a been It's help. some got they time It's care. child quality afford to struggle families of Millions Hillary: endorsing —@washblade continue." will it hands, her in safe only not is progress community's] LGBT "[The this. change to got We've Security. Social to contributing and retirement for saving in short-changed also they're less, paid are women When debt the with country the of rest the Saddle 2. Americans wealthiest the for taxes Cut 1. plan: tax Trump's Donald l… by Street Wall on tough be you can How banks! overseeing said @realDonaldTrump doing, stop should gov what asked When @elizabethforma: RT something. saying that's women—and on comments his than offensive more even are women affect that policies Trump's wage. minimum national the raise don't we if families up lift to going we’re how imagine to hard It’s show. reality a isn’t election This combined. 60% bottom the than relief tax more get would Americans of wealthiest the plan, tax Trump's Under —@RealDonaldTrump it." with playing love I debt, love do I debt, of king the am "I billionaires. for billionaires, by written plan tax a proposal: detailed one just released has Trump Donald important. more be not could education childhood Early 3. of age the before formed is brain child's a of 80% awkward. pretty probably was it why Here's met. just Trump Donald and Ryan Paul @TheBriefing2016: RT them." of one not is 'Quitter' people. many by things many called been "I’ve that. with luck Good —@realDonaldTrump party." Republican the to unity bring to want "We -H today. you of Thinking win. never will hate us taught have victims violence gun of mothers all and you Sybrina, him. let Don't backpedal. to trying he's Now week. last just ban Muslim proposed his by stood Trump care day on less lot a spend to you for plan a has Clinton Hillary @Wonkblog: RT … join: can you how Here's election. this win will that team the build to roles multiple for hiring is organizing HFA @HFA: RT —Hillary well." and alive be to Dream American the want I behind. left and out left feel to Americans want don’t "I Trump. Donald like Billionaires plan? tax Trump's Donald from benefits Who favor. the returned we time It's own. their like families our for care Nurses count." voice your make and world, the into yourself "Throw 1992: in graduates @Wellesley to advice Hillary's keep. they company the by someone about lot a tell can You Trump." "President of idea the with terms to come can't Republicans Even pay equal and women on Trump —Donald job.” a good as do you if same the make gonna “You’re taxes. in share fair their pay should economy our from most the benefited have who Those idea: simple a It's —@glamourmag college." public year 4 average the at tuition year’s a than higher is care child of cost annual "The ET: 3pm at plan care child new Hillary's on Q&amp;A Facebook a Join parents. working help to lot a do can We balance: work/life and care child on Q&amp;A a for moms) working (and advisors policy senior @HFA join → now Happening potential. their reach to Frankie like people for easier it make to can we everything do to got We've him. like people for cuts tax on T) a with (yes, trillion $3 spend to wants Trump Donald office. in day first his on classrooms in guns allow to schools force would Trump Donald FACT: excuses. of out he's like Looks returns? tax his released @realDonaldTrump hasn't Why @TheBriefing2016: RT it: prevent to do can you things four are Here presidency? Trump a about Worried Ohio. in friend new a Made speech: the Read 1969. in speaker commencement student first @Wellesley's was Hillary billionaires. for taxes cutting is which of one not raise, a families middle-class give can we ways 8 pregnant?" they're because liability a them make doesn't that women for do we can "What that. fix to got We’ve years. 15 about in Americans most for up gone haven’t Incomes —@VoxDotCom economía" la destruiría Unidos Estados los a Trump] [de idea la "Implementar —@POTUS virtue.” a not is ignorance life, in and politics “In refused. has Trump but returns, tax their released has 1976 since nominee presidential Every ht… bill. the with families class middle leaving taxes--and his paying avoiding career whole his spent Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT back. manufacturing American bring can we yes, So ever. year best its had just industry auto American The Room. Situation the in him imagine policy, foreign reckless Trump's about read you Whenever … forget. won't you concert a for Hillary and Wonder, Stevie @ricky_martin, @johnlegend, @AndraDayMusic, @xtina, Join @HFA: RT detenido. ha se No “crimen”. y “drogas” traen y "violadores" son mexicanos los que diciendo campaña su empezó Trump -H question. a be shouldn't This coverage. control birth deserves works, she where matter no woman, Every overseas. jobs move to incentives companies giving stop to got We’ve niños. y mujeres familias, las por décadas varias durante luchado ha Hillary cómo Conoce it? about brag you would Why Americans. as for stand we everything against goes vote to harder it Making one. like it treats who candidate a afford can't We show. reality a on being like isn't president Being Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT Oregon. and Kentucky for Day Primary It's know. won't voters returns, tax his release to refusing keeps he as long As taxes? in share fair his pay Trump Does kids. our of all for opportunity equal ensure to have We schools. segregated many too have still we Board, v. Brown after years 62 him. like millionaires Billionaires—and plan? tax Trump's from benefits Who that. change Let's to. used they as far as stretching aren't paychecks families, many too For worldwide. people LGBT against hate and violence ending to recommit let's Transphobia, and Homophobia Against Day International the On dry. to out families middle-class leave and Street, Wall on rules gut Trump: from idea reckless Latest https:… infer. can we But hiding. he's what know can't we returns, tax his releases Trump Until @TheBriefing2016: RT united. stronger always We’re out. turned who everyone to Thanks Kentucky! won just We back: her got you've if now in Chip started. getting just is election this but Kentucky, won just Hillary Kentucky. back, our having for Thanks billionaires. and millionaires raise—not a need that families middle-class It's America. in family a raise to easier it make Let's knows. he Only returns? tax his in hiding Trump Donald What's @TheBriefing2016: RT -H deserve. they pay overtime the receive Americans of millions sure making for @POTUS, you, Thank like. look would Court Supreme his what know to list Trump's on who's see to need don't You @TheBriefing2016: RT be? could that why Wonder returns. tax his in what's see to you want doesn't .@realDonaldTrump @SECARMY. Congrats, of. proud be all can we milestone branch—a military a of leader gay openly first The done. things get to together working about been always has America salarios. los subir para plan un tiene años—Hillary en aumento un recibido han no trabajadores Los Wednesday.) only (It's service. special a for together came churches Kentucky Two miércoles. es solo y … http… hiring: is @HFA president woman first the elect to going that’s team the join &amp; today Apply @MichelleWKwan: RT —@GabbyGiffords President." Madam words: two these say to want I January, come but me, for hard is "Speaking stake. at what's Here's Court. Supreme the to nominating consider would he judges 11 named Trump Donald -H this. fund fully should Congress in Republicans enough. not it's Zika—but of spread the combat to step necessary a is vote Senate Today's wrong. unconstitutional—it's this is only Not rights. basic women's attack politicians extreme while by sit can't We @CNN on —Hillary partners." our and friends, our ourselves, protecting ISIS, defeating of goal the toward can we everything put to have "We rhetoric anti-Muslim Trump's on —Hillary difficult." more countries those inside situation the makes and disrespect of message a sends "It —Hillary not." do I "No, —@ChrisCuomo president?" be to qualified is Trump Donald think you "Do rhetoric dangerous @realDonaldTrump's on —Hillary watching.” is world entire the States, United the of president for run you "When @CNN on —Hillary qualified." not is Trump Donald and strength as well as steadiness need You is. job this hard how know "I @CNN on —Hillary democracy." our to country, our to dramatic so is poses Trump Donald that threat "The @realDonaldTrump on —Hillary dangerous.” and divisive are that statements and issues those on exactly him after going “I’m primary GOP the on —Hillary him." with agreed fundamentally they because issues on him criticize couldn’t that field a out took "Trump —Hillary going." keep and off, yourself dust up, back get you whether is test real The life. in down knocked gets "Everybody —Hillary not." do I "No, president?" be to qualified is Trump Donald think you "Do Question: presupuesto aprobar deberían republicanos Los suficiente. es no combatirlo—pero para importante paso un es Zika sobre hoy Senado del voto El h… himself. for them took Trump Donald businesses. small struggling help to grants offered Government the 9/11, After @TheBriefing2016: RT it. like act should leaders Our NRA. the of interests the than important more is kids our of safety The importante. recordatorio Un face… color of women that sexism &amp; racism systemic the fighting to commit must we Action, of Day Nat'l This @ZerlinaMaxwell: RT work. needs definition your "qualifications," policy foreign as pageants hosting and torture supporting cite you If —Hillary prosperity." global improving to essential of education and health the in "Investing https://… critical. is it combat to funding for vote Senate Today's Zika. about more learn to Rico Puerto to me sent Hillary @Ann_OLeary: RT awesome. pretty is silo this but barriers, down breaking about is campaign This @HFA: RT difficult. more terrorists defeating make will States United the entering from Muslims ban to plan Trump's Donald disqualified. He's heartless. just isn't families American of expense the at gain own his for roots who candidate A threat: this combat to do can we what Here's year. this Zika get could Rico Puerto in people 4 in 1 estimated An out: find to quiz helpful this Take president? be to qualified Hillary Is https:/… employees. LGBT for protections anti-discrimination back roll to GOP House by move shameful another day, Another @dominiclowell: RT Americans of majority vast The Thanks, done. this get Let's Congress, Dear them. alienates and insults who one not ISIS, defeat to world the around leaders unite will who president a need We vote. that casting Enjoy Alicia. citizen, a becoming on Congratulations violence. gun senseless preventing while rights Amendment Second uphold can We @realDonaldTrump. wrong, You're qualified. not is Trump Donald smarts. and strength as well as steadiness requires presidency States United The Jersey. New in nurse a with out nerds Hillary … President." "Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is Speaking @GabbyGiffords: RT crisis. this fix to how Here’s rent. than more costs now care Child Clinton: Hillary by Op-ed @washingtonpost: RT abortion: an perform to felony a it make to voted Oklahoma in lawmakers Republican adelante. salir puedan todos que para plan un tiene Clinton Hillary birth. giving after soon too work to back go to have moms many Too that. into dig Let's president. be to qualifications Hillary's questioning is Trump Donald president. as be he'd dangerous how just proved Trump Donald week, This antes. como tanto rinden no ya ingresos los muchos, Para "normal." as this accept can't We violence. senseless to child a lose to has family other no sure make to want moms These dinner @TTMFoundation the at —Hillary racism." systematic against up stand obligation…to moral a have we believe "I —Hillary intimidated." be not will we and silenced be not will We lobby. gun the to pander not will I Trump, Donald "Unlike can. you as long as for can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do Trump. sobre dicen republicanos líderes que cosas otras y “xenófobo" "fraude", “Mentiroso", debt. of lifetime a not future, brighter a building about be should Education one. this like stories with country the across parents many too are There mom her on —Hillary kindness." and love of power the and courage, resilience, me taught "She Americans. of millions attacking they're unions, attack Republicans when so class, middle the build helped Unions families. working for fight the in all you join to Honored together. stronger we’re that unions than better knows Nobody @MaryKayHenry Convention. International @SEIU 2016 the address Hillary watch to in Tune Detroit in members @SEIU to —Hillary fights." my are fights Your this: know to you want I And heroes. unsung often are "You ahead. get to able be should you part, your do and hard work you If great: America made that bargain basic the pioneered movement labor The properties. his on campaigns organizing up break to firms union-busting hired has and much too paid being are Americans thinks Trump Donald @SEIU the to —Hillary in" me deal then card,' 'woman the playing is care child affordable and leave, family paid pay, equal for fighting "If —Hillary us.” of all is Office Oval the and Trump Donald between standing thing only “The —Hillary together." stronger we’re that is times, hard and times good through history, our of lesson "The way. our in stand can nothing together, work we When @HFA: RT happen. that let can't We about. care we issue every nearly on backward us pull would presidency Trump Donald A bluster. and bigotry with ISIS defeat can't We Trump. Donald stop to together come to time It's us. divides than us unites that more much so There's president. being business no has it for hoped who man A crash. 2008 the in homes and jobs lost Americans of Millions in. cash to tried Trump Donald suffered, families American While @TheBriefing2016: RT happen. to it for rooted Trump 2006, In homes. and jobs their lose to Americans of millions caused crash 2008 The lose. you wins, Trump Donald When @TheBriefing2016: RT president. be can't guy This homes. their lost Americans of millions crash, housing a for wish his got Trump When it. of off money make could he happen—because would it hoped he said @realDonaldTrump crashed, market housing the before Right expense. their at profit to tried Trump savings. and jobs, homes, families—lost Latino and black families—disproportionately of Millions pockets? own your pad to all families, of millions devastate would that crisis a for root actually to be to have you do cruel How again. wild run Street Wall let He'd families. middle-class hurts and millionaires helps plan economic His Trump. for anomaly an wasn't This himself. is for fight he'll person only The telling: is it but new, isn't well-being Americans' over gain own his prioritizing Trump chance: the gets never he sure make Let's companies. his bankrupted he like America bankrupt could Trump Donald expense. their at profit to tries who one not Americans, all for incomes raise to fighting who's president a need We needs." country our thinking of "kind the isn't homes their losing people of off profit to Trying that. than better We're hurt. get families working and his gets Trump means result” “good a world, Trump’s In now: Watch page! Facebook @TheEllenShow's on live Hillary's -H us). of all be should really (which vote to harder, not easier, it make should we think who those for win Big homes. their lose to Americans million 5 caused that crash housing the for rooted .@realDonaldTrump in. cash to chance a as it saw Trump Recession. Great the in destroyed savings life their saw families of Millions ellos. de costa a desplome este de enriquecerse esperaba Trump hogares, sus perdían personas de millones 5 Mientras ht… needs." country our thinking of "kind the its says he Now crash. housing the in families American against bet Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT process. the in hurt gets who matter no profit, a turn to looking career his spent has Trump Donald walls. not bridges, build we When them. denigrate not immigrants, embrace we When together. stronger We’re great. look himself making about care to seems he as much so great America making about care actually to seem doesn't Trump Donald coverage. health has American single every sure making toward march our continue and Act Care Affordable the on build to have We instead: do could we things Some billion. $25 least at cost likely would border the on wall Trump's ET. pm 4 at today @TheEllenShow Watch friend. good a with back be to Excited buck. quick a turn to can he anything or anyone exploit model: business @realDonaldTrump The @GovPeterShumlin. Thanks therapy." "conversion harmful love—not deserve They are. they way the perfect are kids LGBT Room? Situation the in that imagine you Can trail. campaign the on out theories conspiracy fueling is Trump Donald https… @POTUS move, Good transparency. for step emissions=important disclose to contractors federal Getting @johnpodesta: RT need. we infrastructure building by families of lot a help could we wall, his on waste would Trump money the With president. for @hillaryclinton endorses @UAW: RT money. that with do could we else what Here's billion. $25 cost would wall @realDonaldTrump's So, needs." country our thinking of "kind the isn't homes their losing people off profit to trying .@realDonaldTrump, plan. su de lugar en hacer podríamos que Lo millones. mil $25 unos menos al costaría frontera la en Trump de muro El right. get we what matter doesn’t it that, at fail we If kids. our protecting than important more nothing There’s profit. to chance a saw Trump disappear. savings and foreclosed homes their saw families crashed, economy the When → → Vegas Las in conference @UFCW the at speak Hillary Watch now: Happening —Hillary wage.” minimum federal the raising by start can We incomes. families’ raise to more do to got “We’ve —Hillary result.’” ‘good a be would jobs their losing &amp; homes their of out kicked getting families working off profiting said Trump “Donald —Hillary hurt.” get you and his, gets Trump—he Donald to is result’ ‘good a what know we “Now Blanca. Casa la a llegue Trump que detener podemos que únicos los somos Nosotros uniéndonos. es "bully" un a enfrentar de forma única La space. in astronaut LGBT first &amp; woman American first the was Ride Sally Dr. 1951, in day this on Born president. for nominee GOP the about know to need you all says Williams Brian @creynoldsnc: RT https://t.… pregnant. and working they're if not Just women." "cherishes he says Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT awkwardly is Trump, for that, impact major one has change climate Because @johnpodesta: RT more. agree Couldn't wall. a wants: Trump What grid. energy clean a schools, bridges, need: we What 1994 in —Hillary unfortunate." the and poor the on back its turns that great be can nation a think don't "I pregnancy. president—on next potential your from message a series: new a in first The combatirlo. para hacer podemos que lo es Esto año. este Zika el contraer podría Rico Puerto en personas 4 cada de 1 card," "woman the playing is care child affordable and leave paid pay, equal for fighting If @HFA: RT wall: Trump's homes. million 5 power to energy Clean schools. new 1,500 for: pay could billion $25 it. combat to ability our destroy would Trump President “hoax.” a is change climate thinks Trump Donald everyone: about just insulting week the spent Trump women, demeaning to veterans off ripping From president.) next your be could (He businesses. to "inconvenience" an is pregnancy workplace thinks Trump Donald → take Hillary's Here's Trump —Donald business." a for inconvenience an "Pregnancy wrong. them prove Let's us. behind are days best our say may side other the on Some Disgusting. problems. serious most world's the of one solving over Jersey New in nurse a with out wonk Hillary Watch America. of promise the That's life. better a kids our give we sure making is task important most Our demás. los a importar sin Beneficiarse Trump: de mantra El one. this families—including loving find kids of thousands helped Act Families Safe and Adoption The -H day. every and today freedom, our protect to lives their giving for gratitude profound our deserve heroes fallen Our thanks. eternal our deserve They freedom. our for price ultimate the paid have Betsy’s like families Star Gold What? happening. even is California in drought the that denying now he's change, climate deny Trump does only Not 1992. in trail the from Hillary of photos never-before-seen 10 Clinton Hillary of endorsement ever first makes group environmental Major @postpolitics: RT free. they're until rest can't We trafficking. human into forced are world the around Millions Commander-in-Chief. your be to wants he war—but of prisoners like doesn't .@realDonaldTrump close! But it. about lying then and vets scamming for publicity bad got You quite! Not @creynoldsnc: RT @JerryBrownGov: — Trump." Donald not office, of oath the takes who Clinton Hillary is it that sure be to want "I war. of prisoners about say to something has Trump ok?” captured, weren’t that people like “I need: they support the them give Let's words. empty than more deserve families their and members service Our fan). big a not (He’s war. of prisoners about ideas some has @realDonaldTrump Commander-in-Chief Aspiring endorsement presidential first-ever its on —@NRDC_AF her." with we’re why that’s And stake. at is future "The 7. June on Hillary for voting are Californians why Here's @JerryBrownGov. Now: @latimes. the First: https://t.… more: much about it's that president—and woman first the as history make she'd knows Hillary @TheCut: RT Americans: as duty solemn our of part is veterans our of care Taking rally. Hillary a at see you'll what know never You —@JerryBrownGov: one." day on country our lead to prepared be will experience long her with Clinton, "Hillary … it. negotiated who guy the from deal, climate Paris the on views misguided" "stunningly Trump's of takedown A @johnpodesta: RT it. afford least could who those upon prey to used scheme fraudulent a was University Trump "scam.” a as it described employees own University's Trump bu… ahead, get to way Americans hardworking promising campaign: whole his for metaphor it's because devastating is U Trump @brianefallon: RT … repulsive. completely just are naive and poor the on prey to employees University Trump of actions The @morningmoneyben: RT (1/2) University. Trump from degree a as worthless as are promises His fraud. a phony, a is Trump Donald know. I what Here's @MittRomney: RT nausea. cause Caution—may money. make to families on preyed that scam a was "University" Trump confirm documents New "sleazy." media the call to gall the has he And money. their take to students exploited &amp; deceived university for-profit Trump's gist: The classes. buy to took it cards—whatever credit out max retirement, out cash debt, on take to people push tactics: University's Trump of Some them. fleece to families struggling target employees: own its to according practice, University Trump Another fraud. word: a In packages. expensive outrageously sell to lied and experience no with instructors employed University Trump risk. at people put intentionally company Trump's ploy. marketing a as name a using steaks sell to thing one It's profit. own his is concern only His character: his matches record business his But "credibility." business his on built is candidacy Trump's country? our with him trust we can finances—how personal your with him trust can't you If Trump. about lot a says con University Trump The tactics. marketing predatory with them targeted then and vulnerable most those identified University Trump FACT: University. Trump at people those all scammed he way the America scam to trying He's fraud. a is himself Trump idea.'… 'best America's preserve to plan a has Hillary @NatlParkService, the of years 100 celebrate we As @johnpodesta: RT country. our to same the do He'd them. scammed he and futures, their with Trump entrusted students University Trump gain. own his for Americans vulnerable exploit to @realDonaldTrump for vehicle a was University Trump on. fight Let's Month. Pride Happy do. can't we nothing there's love, and courage with us: taught has equality LGBT for movement the What "university." Trump's about know to need you what Here's classes for pay to how on University —Trump card." credit your out max just , “It’s –@POTUS had." we've state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I chaos. security: national and policy foreign to approach Trump's for word one only There's https… accomplishment this in role a played who all &amp; @TheWCS @WhiteHouse, to thanks Many news. Important @ChelseaClinton: RT → Commander-in-Chief as Trump afford world—can't the America—and why on Hillary now: Watch Commander-in-Chief. be to unfit temperamentally he’s unprepared; just not He’s dangerous. he’s incoherent; just isn’t Trump America. with dice the roll him let cannot We hands. Trump’s Donald in grandchildren and children our of security the put cannot We prevail. we and purpose, with lead We walls. behind cowers that country a not We’re day. every us for deliver allies our And exceptional. us makes what of part is allies of network America’s trick. the do tweets—won’t nasty composing mocking, table—bragging, the to brings Trump Donald tools The arsenal. entire America’s but angry, he’s when disposal his at account Twitter his just not had he if Imagine wrong. all America got Trump’s Donald great. isn’t America that you tell anyone let Don’t codes. nuclear the have ever should who someone not is Trump Donald bigotry? in engages president our children—if own our for and world the set—for we example moral the to happens What enough. nearly doing not we're then , prevent to can we everything doing aren't we If policy foreign Trump's dictators to up Cozies ✔ allies our Alienates ✔ proliferation nuclear Supports ✔ pageant! mean a throw can he but ceasefire, a negotiated never has Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT same. the do should president next the families; protect will rule new @CFPB's long. too for Americans on preyed have lenders payday Abusive (yet). president even not he's and safe, less Americans making already is policy foreign Trump's Donald Commander-in-Chief. be to fit isn't Trump Donald reasons many) (many, the of Some Trump. Mr. para Recordatorio skin. thin very with brain" good "very one team: policy foreign Trump's Donald things. those all said literally You -H support. @MomsDemand's &amp; @Everytown have to Honored lobby. gun the by intimidated or silenced be never will We @POTUS. Thanks, it. expand and protect should Security—we Social privatize or cut Republicans let never can We … safety. gun with stands consistently who candidate only the is Clinton Hillary clear: is choice The @MomsDemand: RT behalf. our on decisions life-or-death making Room Situation the in him imagine temper, his loses Trump time Every tú. eres problema interés”—el de “conflicto un es no Esto Donald. No, highlights: the of some on up Catch speech? the Miss yesterday. policy foreign on Trump Donald schooled Hillary deadly." that's and directly, him quoting just 's Donald caricaturing not "She's .@maddow: https… system. highway interstate the built we since investments infrastructure boldest the making by jobs create Let's @mikereedschmidt: RT skin. thin very his under got somebody because just war a into us leading @realDonaldTrump imagine to hard not It’s here. bias of victim the *he's* thinks Trump because heritage his on based judge a attacking is Trump "No." Trump: racism?" of definition the not that race—is his of because job his do can't judge] [a "Saying Q: lies. outright and feuds, personal rants, bizarre of series a just really are "ideas" .@realDonaldTrump's Trump on take to candidate better the is Clinton Hillary @latimesopinion: RT forces. armed our in serve immigrants and Muslims that remember should he immigrants, or Muslims insults Trump When thinks. Donald what of regardless strong, us makes That heritages. and beliefs diverse of country a is America intolerancia. la valores—no los definen Nos país. este de parte es no y es quién definir de derecho el tiene no Trump them. from American an being about something learn could Trump military. the in distinction with serve immigrants Mexican and Muslims voter. time First citizen. DREAMer. staffer. HFA .@lorellapraeli: ¡Felicitaciones! vez. primera por votar pudo @lorellapraeli cuando momento emocionante El week. this said Trump thing worst the even wasn't that words—and own his and business, his veterans, about Lying most? the you appalled story Which @realDonaldTrump. REAL the saw we week, This -H family. his of Thinking conscience. and courage in also but skill, and power in just not Greatest—unmatched The was really Ali Muhammad heritage.” “Mexican his of because job his from disqualified be should U. Trump against lawsuit a over presiding judge the said Trump —Hillary is." Trump Donald as American an of much as he's and am, I as American an of much as is Curiel "Judge great. country this makes what about wrong He’s America. about wrong Curiel—he’s Judge about wrong just not Trump’s Donald race. our deeds—not and words by judged be should We is. skin your color what or born were parents your where matter doesn’t it America, In States. United the of President be to unfit him make they And deeds. his and words his by Trump Donald judge to time It's Increíble. chance. the him give can't We rights. LGBT on made we've progress the back roll to Trump for easy too all be It'd … coming. we're – Donald ready, Get like. look @realDonaldTrump beat to united Democrats what is This @elizabethforma: RT … caucus Dem Islands Virgin in winner projected is Clinton BREAKING: @NBCPolitics: RT English. learn to Beijing in speech 1995 Hillary's using are students ESL California These . amigos: tus a saber déjale y esto Comparte Hillary. por votar a ir de día tu es Hoy Rico! ¡Puerto Michaels —Caryn now." until publicly it about spoken never I’ve shooter. mass a by killed was son my ago, years "Two salgas. te No votar. a derecho el tienes 3pm las de antes o en fila la a llegas Si 3pm. las a cierran Rico Puerto en Urnas Room. Situation the near anywhere him let can’t we proves that @realDonaldTrump President of preview A home. come they when and serve they uniform—while in women and men our of care take to is job president's The -H Mubarak. Ramadan health. good and family, reflection, of time blessed a Muslims all wish I Ramadan, begin we As 2000 in —Hillary head." ugly its rears it wherever hate against stand must "We victoria! esta por Encanto del Isla la a ¡Gracias Rico! Puerto won just We offended. are Republicans other even disgusting, so are judge Latino a about comments bigoted .@realdonaldtrump's people. to listen and talk actually and himself after names he towers the of out come should Trump Donald for. fought they values the defending by them honor Let's lives. their gave who men brave the eulogize just not let's , after years 72 —@latimes Trump" on take to candidate better the is Clinton "Hillary lives. these of lot a save can We year. each violence gun from die people 33,000 California: in Trump on —Hillary insults." from exempted he's that country this in left be to going "Nobody's one. day on lead and Office Oval the into step can who candidate one only There's … Add: primary. CA the in her support to voters encouraging Snapchat, @HillaryClinton's over taken I’ve @billclinton: RT amigos: tus a saber déjale y esto RT voto. tu con mañana Hillary a apoyar Recuerda process: the in staff his belittling heritage—and Latino Curiel's Judge on attacks bigoted his intensifying is Trump tomorrow! vote SD, NJ, ND, NM, MT, CA, win. to primaries got we've but @AP, flattered, We’re vote: every for fighting keep Let's do. to work have still we but moment, historic a of brink the on are We together: election general the into head and strong primary this finish Let's tomorrow! turnout great a have Let’s said.👇🏼 she What @billclinton: RT thing. this win go Let's you. thank hard, so worked who's everyone To all. us inspires service of example Your Edelman. Wright Marian mentor, and friend a to birthday Happy voto: cada por luchando Sigamos hacer. que trabajo tenemos todavía pero histórico, momento un de borde al Estamos history. make to ready you're if RT … her" endorse to "proud is and the in @HillaryClinton for voted she @GMA tells @NancyPelosi WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT polls. the to head to day your it's SD, and ND, NM, NJ, MT, CA, amigos: tus a saber déjale y esto RT Hillary. por votar de día tu es Hoy today. ago years Eight it." in cracks million 18 about got 's glass hardest highest, that shatter to able weren't we "Although us. of one last every of potential the embraces and respects that America an build Let's -H you. for is Tonight president. want—even you anything be can you Yes, big: dreams who girl little every To break. to high too ceiling no and great too barrier no is there America, in that, pride with say can we Tonight, you. Thank campaign. this for fought donors and volunteers, organizers, of millions because possible only Tonight's magnet: free a with Celebrate tonight. history made we you, to Thanks Ready. president for run can they knowing up grow can girls little grateful &amp; Mom you, of proud So @ChelseaClinton: RT → Brooklyn in stage the takes Hillary as live Watch States. United the of President for nominee party’s major a be will woman a history, our in time first the For us. before men and women of generations of sacrifice and struggle the to thanks moment this reached We —Hillary back." your have always will I president, your "As America." stronger fairer, better, that toward working keep to need all we Sanders, Senator or primary, this in me supported you "Whether together. stronger are We together. better are We together. fairer are We idea. powerful but simple a It’s —Hillary Commander-in-Chief.” and president be to unfit temperamentally is Trump “Donald walls. than better are bridges and resentment, than better is empowerment division, than better is Unity us. define that values the as big as be to have We small. be can’t we great, be To down. other each tear up—not other each lift should We Americans. as are we who about Republicans—it’s and Democrats between fights old same the about isn’t election This —Hillary purpose." common of sense a with act and other, each to listen other, each respect we when stronger are "We vote." to right the women Constitution—giving the to Amendment 19th the passing was Congress Chicago, in born being was Mom day very the "On tonight. see to here been have could Mom Wish —Hillary us." of any limits—on ceilings—no no are there sure making about is campaign "This back: Hillary's got you've if in Chip do. to work more have we tonight—but history made We you. Thank House. White the to way the all side her by be to proud you're Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text win. can equality &amp; Justice down. come can Barriers America. in happen can’t things great you tell anyone let Don’t … made. History proud. more be couldn't I it. proved she tonight and changemaker, ultimate the is Hillary saying keep I @billclinton: RT America. in happen can’t things great that you tell anyone let Don’t California! you, Thank together. history, making keep Let’s … @DavidMuir. with speech her before crowd cheering over out looks she as emotional gets @HillaryClinton WATCH: @GMA: RT President." "Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is Speaking @GabbyGiffords: RT mom. her be would it president, for nominated been she'd anyone tell and time in back go could Hillary If day. big a on country the around from pages Front History. President… woman 2nd the be I’ll “OK, said, She President. woman first the elect could we daughter 5-yo my told I AM This @originalgriz: RT making. the in years 227 headline A @HillaryClinton possible." is anything true, it's Mom, "See said old year 8 My @ConstanceZimmer: RT Hillary. from note A —Hillary together.” stronger are we that believe We idea: powerful but simple a “It’s caught get you if only check a Cut 3. nothing Do 2. causes to money Pledge 1. Philanthropy: of School Trump's Donald statement: our Read president! for @HillaryClinton endorsed has Club Sierra @sierraclub: RT bedtime. &gt; History lives. changing business—he's small a running than more doing is entrepreneur Oakland This House. White the in home a find not does denial climate sure make to have We @johnpodesta: RT office." this hold to qualified so someone been ever there’s think don’t "I Hillary: endorses Obama President -H go! to ready and up fired I'm @POTUS. me, with you have to Honored Hillary. endorse Obama President Watch done." job the get to heart the and compassion, the courage, the got "She’s account. your Delete —@POTUS Hillary." for campaign and there out get to wait can’t I and up, fired I’m her, with "I’m https://t.… Wednesday! on Wisconsin to @HillaryClinton and Obama Barack President back welcome to wait can't We @HillaryforWI: RT —@POTUS it." at good so be she’ll know I why That’s be. can job this hard how know "I presidencia". la para calificado tan alguien habido ha "Nunca Clinton. Hillary para apoyo su anuncia Obama presidente El —@steelworkers families." their and Americans working with stands Clinton Secretary issue, every virtually "On —Hillary: interests" special &amp; corporations by sold and bought voices—not voters' by shaped be should elections "Our —@POTUS her." with I'm close. up values our to commitment and toughness, judgment, her seen "I’ve support. your have to Honored —@POTUS it." at good so be will Hillary know I why That’s be. can job this hard how know "I —@POTUS made." we’ve progress the on build November—we’ll in win just won’t come we "When —@SenWarren guts” with fighter a fighter, a she’s because Clinton Hillary supporting “I’m —@SenWarren States" United the leads who person the be cannot That it. off profit a makes he as long as hurt gets who care "doesn’t Trump fighter." a "She's @maddow: on Hillary endorsing .@SenWarren Obama. Thanks, -H families. working for concerned deeply and decent, honest, opposite: exact Trump's is who woman @SenWarren—a of support the have to Proud @POTUS. you, Thank —@SenWarren: president" next the is Clinton Hillary that sure make and fight this in jump to ready “I’m team: our join to Apply November. in win a home bring to country the across hiring We're America. of States United the leads who one the be cannot Trump Donald @Maddow: to .@SenWarren Parenthood Planned to —Hillary you.” Thank enough: often hear don’t you something saying by start to want I "Today, @PPact to —Hillary them.” transformed also lives—it women’s saved only not families their plan to able “Being leave? paid child—like a raise to easier it make that policies oppose also abortion and control birth oppose who politicians the notice Ever now. it repeal to need We color. of women women—disproportionately low-income of rights reproductive the restricts Amendment Hyde The it. afford can who women just it—not need who all for abortion legal safe, to access defending means health women’s Defending safe. less women make just it—they seek to likely less women make don’t abortion to access restrict that Laws women. for best what’s idea no has abortion legal safe, out wipe and @PPFA defund who'd Anyone women." for best "the be he'd says Trump rights. our protect less women—much respect to him on count even can't We animals.” “disgusting and “dogs,” “pigs,” women called has Trump families. their and women back hold that barriers the all down break to going We’re ceiling. glass the break to going just not We’re Obama. presidente del mensaje el Mira trabajo”. el realizar para corazón el y compasión la valentía, la tiene “Ella -H deal. BIG… a is support Your Biden! @VP Thanks, right.) he’s once, (For respect. with women treats he say can’t Trump Hillary: on —@elizabethforma tough." She’s there. out She’s fighter. a "She’s —@realDonaldTrump encountered." ever you’ve that person racist least the am "I so. think Don't women.” for best “the be he’ll says .@realDonaldTrump president. becoming business no has women for disrespect and contempt much this with man A history. camera, Lights, https:… clear: more be couldn't environment the on Trump Donald &amp; @HillaryClinton between divide The @sierraclub: RT Commander-in-Chief. and president be to unfit temperamentally is .@realDonaldTrump $35,000! of price low the for risk—all at finances own your put and pockets Donald's Pad University: Trump -H disavow. should Rs hers. for senator heritage, his for Judge him. challenges who anyone insults he script staff's his off goes Trump When country." our lead to need we that champion environmental strong the be will Clinton "Sec. himself): for millions pocketed (but casinos City Atlantic his bankrupted He failure. total A businessman? the Trump losses: huge posted Trump's thrived, City Atlantic in casinos other when decade a During chips: in million $3 buying by out him bail to had dad his payment, interest million $18 an make to had Trump When owed. were they what paid got never that businesses small of universe whole a hurt he failed, casinos Trump's When president. being business no has way that thinks who man A millions. made HE because success a casinos shuttered his considers Trump Donald -H act. horrific this by affected those with are thoughts my information, more for wait we As FL. from news devastating the hear to up Woke acto horrible este de afectados los con están pensamientos información,mis más esperamos Mientras FL. de noticia devastadora la con Desperté statement: Hillary's Orlando." in attack the of victims the for praying in Americans join "I Orlando in attack the on —Hillary hate." of act an also was This terror. of act an was "This —Hillary them.” of one am I country. our across allies of millions have you that know please community: LGBT the "To attack FL the on —Hillary criminals." violent other or terrorists of hands the of out night last used ones the like guns keep to need "We FL in attack the on —Hillary country." and communities our defend to can we everything do to resolve and together stand to time a is "This Orlando. en ataque el sobre Clinton Hillary de Declaraciones —Hillary hate." to answer the not is entire an on war declare and demagogue, demonize, cannot "We → Orlando in attack terrorist the on speaks Hillary live: Watch victims Orlando the on —Hillary give." to more lot a had all sisters, and brothers daughters, and sons were "They respond. and resolve our steel to have we Now furious. us makes and us, scares hearts, our breaks always people innocent of murder The strategy counterterrorism her on —Hillary priority." top a wolves lone stopping and identifying make will I president, "As attacks. out carry to need they weapons the getting from terrorists stop to need We asked. questions no with gun a buy go just to able be shouldn’t you links, terrorist suspected for you watching is FBI the If so. do to them for harder it make should We Americans. kill to AR-15 the like weapons assault used terrorists Bernardino, San and Orlando In them. for fight to need We lives. save and some, stop they'll attack—but every stop not might ban weapons assault an and checks Background dangerous. it's and wrong, It’s terror. hate and freedom love who Muslims of majority vast the hurts rhetoric anti-Muslim Inflammatory Americans. all on attack an is American any on attack An bigotry. and hatred of out Americans LGBT targeted Orlando in terrorist The —Hillary them." of one am I back. your have always will who allies of millions have you today: grieving people LGBT the all "To together. stand to have We violence. by marked being fear without and openly, freely, live to struggle the of examples many too seen We’ve stronger. us makes It liability. a not terrorism, against struggle the in asset an is society diverse open, Our hate. who those all and terrorists the to rebuke better no is There together. proud be and together stand to have We stronger. us makes It asset. an It’s terrorism. against fight the in liability a isn’t diversity Our odian que aquellos todos a y terroristas los para respuesta mejor hay No juntos. orgullo sentir unirnos, que Tenemos streets. our on place no have Bernardino San and Orlando in used those like war of Weapons history: in shooting deadliest the on Hillary familiar." mind-numbingly become that’s nightmare "A attack: Orlando the on address Hillary's together." it meet we if — challenge this meet can we doubt no have "I America. in gun a buy to dangerous too you're plane, a on get to dangerous too you’re If Orlando. en tragedia tras —Hillary estadounidenses” los todos a ataque un es estadounidense, cualquier a ataque “Un lives. save will they attack—but terrorist or shooting every stop not might laws prevention violence Gun Today… wrong. is rhetoric divisive @realDonaldTrump's immigrants. women, Latino, black, Jewish, Muslims, are people LGBTQ @ChadHGriffin: RT responds: Hillary as live Watch Orlando. in attack terrorist the about spoke Trump Yesterday, —Hillary hands." wrong the into fall don’t guns sure making while rights Amendment Second protecting of capable are Americans we believe "I —Hillary us." divides than us unites that more ’s same the on all we’re opinion, of differences those despite that believe "I us. defeat hate let won’t we say: to together coming are identities gender and orientations, sexual backgrounds, faiths, different of People president. for running he’s when another It’s personality. TV reality a was he when thing one was It shameful. is rhetoric Trump's plans. concrete and sense, common leadership, need We self-congratulations. pathological and theories conspiracy need don’t Americans —Hillary Laden." bin got we that mattered Laden—it bin called we what matter didn’t It say. we what just not do, we what matters "It religion." entire an on war declare not will I But listening. been hasn’t he is, it what threat this call won’t I suggests Donald "If Donald. like Queens—just in born was Orlando in terrorist The nonsensical. instance, this in and dangerous, wrong, is ban Muslim Trump's wrong." Also screening. any without country our into refugees of flood a let I’ll said He Wrong. Amendment. 2nd the abolish I’ll said "He himself. for say to substantive nothing has he that fact the from distract to has he because them tells he lies—but are statements Trump's them. address actually that plans real with complexity, their all in challenges our with grapple can who Commander-in-Chief a need We asked? questions no gun, a buy can terrorism for FBI the by watched being people bottles—but shampoo full with planes board can’t People offer. to has Trump anything by helped be will this of None safe. citizens our and country our keep to together work to need We all. way—for one worship or love or look who those for just Not all. for justice and liberty with indivisible, God, under nation one is This internet: the on expression of freedom and innovation, consumers, for win big a is decision Today's here: location polling your Find Washington, today, Hillary for voting you're if RT Americans. all on attack an is Americans LGBT on attack An terrorism. defeat to us for harder it makes it and wrong, is Americans Muslim Attacking .@realdonaldtrump: you. Thank nation. our protect and serve to call the answered have soldiers @USArmy brave years, 241 For values. our of best the represents that note a him left @GeorgeHWBush office, took @BillClinton When voted. who everyone to Grateful ! Washington, won just We conspiracy a is Trump Donald saying are people of lot A … families. these with solidarity In broken. is heart My hermanas. y hermanos mis en Pensando @lorellapraeli: RT self-congratulations. and theories terrorism—conspiracy defeating for "plan" his us gave just Trump Donald … zone. combat a in while embezzlement of troops other of thousands and me accused just candidate presidential A @bkesling: RT together. stronger been always we've And "me." not "we," of country a been always has America himself. for say to substantive nothing has he that fact the from people distracting at expert an is Trump Donald being… against is that campaign a running just He’s correctness. political against campaign a running isn’t Trump Donald @JesseFFerguson: RT theories. conspiracy and lies with attack terrorist a to responding nominee presidential @GOP Your @ChrisMurphyCT. strong Stand them. of one is violence gun Preventing silent. stay to important too are fights Some reform. immigration pass and DACA/DAPA protect to need We ago. years 4 DACA on action @POTUS's to thanks together are families of Thousands migratoria. reforma una aprobemos y DACA/DAPA Protejamos DACA. sobre @potus de acciones las a gracias juntas están familias de Miles speech: Orlando Trump's to react Newspapers hands" ISIS's into "Plays low" "new A values" our on "assault An Trump. que igual NY Queens, en nació terrorista el musulmanes—pero de entrada la prohibirá y afgano” “un nació terrorista el que dijo Trump … action. deserve They families. their and victims the forget never us Let @SenatorBaldwin: RT you. with fight this in be to Proud @SenWarren. you, Thank "city." favorite Trump's Donald Belgium: team. this on @POTUS have to Proud @HFA: RT asked. questions no America, in gun a buy can links terrorist suspected with people that absurd It's been. it's year a what And president. for campaign his announced @realDonaldTrump today, ago year One @HillaryClinton endorse proudly we and spoken, have people Working @AFLCIO: RT movement." labor the of champion a as herself proven has Clinton “Hillary election: general the of ads first the of One kids. million 8 for care health get helped Hillary -H vote. the to forward Looking note. take senators GOP hope I like. looks leadership what showing for Chris, Thanks ceilings. glass many so shattered who's someone of support the have to honor an It’s you. Thank .@oprah us. defeat never can hate together, stand we if differences, our Despite @SpencerJCox. you, Thank Cox: Jo on —Hillary intolerance" political of act violent a by short cut was life her that terrible and cruel is "It https:/… act. to failing STILL Congress US, in w/Zika women pregnant more hundreds &amp; Zika from defects w/birth born babies 6 @Ann_OLeary: RT ad: latest Our this." does she why see you moments quiet the in "It's @HFA: RT Hi. president. for candidacy his announced Trump since year a been only it's believe to Hard Helpful. opposite. exact the done he's reality, In veterans. supporting supposedly of show big a made has Trump no. Yeah, community. LGBT the of friend" real "the he's says Trump Donald Michael. you, Thank equality. in stake a have all We community. LGBT the with stand to LGBT be to have don't You -H change. to need We stop. to has This others. many Too Newtown. in 26 Sunday. on Orlando in 49 Charleston. in lives 9 lost we ago year One fear. without and openly, freely, life live can American LGBT every until fighting stop can't We fails. never love that remember and change, for fight divides, our bridge let’s , the of spirit the In together. them fight to need We Charleston. in racism Orlando, in isolated—homophobia aren't hate and violence Gun space. to go to astronaut LGBT first and woman American first the became Ride Sally 1983, 18, June On veteran. a hire done, job the get to someone needs and hiring is organization or business your If Mezvinsky. Clinton Aidan son, our of birth the celebrate we as love and gratitude with overwhelmed are I and Marc @ChelseaClinton: RT @BostonGlobe the to —@SenWarren guts.” with fighter a fighter, a she’s because Clinton Hillary supporting “I’m … special. something was 7 June but photographer, @HillaryClinton's as moments special of lot a witnessed I've @barb_kinney: RT been. it’s year a what And week. this ago year one campaign his launched Trump Donald —@SenWarren cookie." tough one got We fighter. a is who Clinton Hillary in candidate a got "We've @HFA: RT … home. common our for care Let's all. of most vulnerable the hurts change Climate right: is .@Pontifex @rosenbergerlm: RT @BillClinton! Day, Father's Happy heard. voices their making are supporters these but vote, to young too be may They Day. Father's on dad her remembers Hillary @HFA: RT president. our was this if Imagine -H grateful. So Aidan. grandson, new our with being joy a What … Chelsea! and Marc for thrilled are I and Hillary Day. Father's this happy very dads two made has Aidan @billclinton: RT president. woman first the for rooting she's Today, vote. to right the won women when old years 5 was Shirley photo. this behind story the read to want You'll human. less you make not does LGBT Being rights. gay are rights human and rights human are rights Gay summer. of day first Happy … recession." "lengthy a cause would plans economic 's @realDonaldTrump : @MoodysAnalytics from line Bottom @mpshapiro: RT night. historic a at look behind-the-scenes A prevention: violence gun on act to senators your Tell prayers. than more victims violence gun of families owe We act. to Congress for time It's sense. common just is This them: support you senators your Tell violence. gun prevent to measures commonsense on vote will Senate the Tonight, prevention: violence gun on action demand all Let's @ChrisMurphyCT. too, me inspire You tonight: checks background expand to vote to senators your Tell violence. gun prevent to enough not are prayers Our -H them. welcoming to commitment our reaffirm let's , On refugees. and immigrants of nation a been always has America them. of one you're if RT violence. gun reduce to steps support owners) gun (and Americans of majority overwhelming An -H Enough. officials. elected our from prayers and thoughts than more demand to time It’s are. we who not it’s and values, our reflect doesn't worldview Trump’s right—Donald is .@JoeBiden know: wait—we Oh economy? the to do he will What ground. the into companies driving rich gotten Trump's —@WSJ jobs." million by employment reduce prolonged a produce could proposals economic "Trump's course. of himself, Why, on? resources campaign meager his spending Trump is What peo… American the failed Senate the test, that failing In action. requires It silence. of moments than more requires violence Gun @POTUS: RT "t." a "trillion"—with That's years. 20 over debt national the to trillion $30 add would plan tax Trump's Donald Ohio: from live economy, the on speaks Hillary themselves. just families—not for fight should president Our —Hillary done." it get you’ll how and it, for pay to going you’re how do, to want you what say should you president, for running you’re "If matter.” they because specifics the sweat wonky, little a admit—it's “I’ll recession. deep a into us put would Trump agree: @MittRomney and .@elizabethforma economy. global the to threats biggest 10 the of one Trump Donald declared .@TheEconomist ours. it’s president, for running he’s when But business. his recklessness—that’s his of proud is Trump Donald —Hillary country." this in high too are wages that said and November in stage debate a on stood actually Trump "Donald @realDonaldTrump on —Hillary already." aren’t we if men—as as job a good as do they as soon as pay equal making start will women says "He plan economic reckless Trump's on —Hillary away.” gamble just can we something not is States United the of credit and faith full “The happen. that let can't We Obama. President under years 8 past the over made we’ve progress the of much so undo would Trump" "President plan tax Trump's on —Hillary people." hardworking million 120 to would he than 120,000 the to away more giving "He’s —Hillary painful.” more and longer Depression Great the made it isolationism, Trump-style for opted we time last “The 11. Chapter at end to seem all they business—but about books of lot a written has Trump —Hillary: years” for exploiting been he’s people are now him for vote to get to trying [Trump's] people same "The bankruptcy.” with play “I brag, would mistakes his of consequences the faced actually never who’s someone only .@realDonaldTrump, Trump on —Hillary emergency?” an in us leading want you who this Is stake. at are savings and jobs your when charge in being him "Imagine people. other destroying by it do shouldn’t they know we but – successful being people begrudge don’t we America, In us: Join behind. left is one no and shot equal an gets everyone ensures that economy an build to need We 11. Chapter at end to seem all they but business, about books of lot a written has .@realDonaldTrump Americans. working million 120 for would it than families richest 120,000 the for taxes more cut would plan Trump's … speech. Columbus in him against words @realDonaldTrump's uses .@HillaryClinton @OhioPoliticsNow: RT Hillary: backing are industries across unions labor Why —@AFLCIO values." our shares who leader proven “A jobs. create to plan actual no has Trump Donald game. a isn’t economy our him tell should Someone debt.” with playing love “I says, Trump watching: worth It's today. Columbus in task to policy economic reckless Trump's Donald took Hillary —@TheAtlantic economy." the destroy would plans economic "Trump's casinos. @realDonaldTrump's than years 30 last the in often more 11 Chapter for filed has company major No FACT: like. looks leadership real what is This … → campaign the with involved get can you how discuss to @JessLivMo &amp; @MarlonDMarshall @HFA's Join Facebook: on Live @HFA: RT here. Watch everyone. for work economy the make to plan Hillary’s Carolina: North from now Live —Hillary can." you ways the all in can you people the all for can you good the all do say: to like Methodists we "As other. the with slips pink out give and hand one with dollars taxpayer take to wrong It’s forgotten: have to seem corporations many Too family. a support to enough pays that job a find to able be should hard work to willing American Every —Hillary decades.” in infrastructure American in investment biggest the be will plan my of heart “The color. of communities in especially people, young for jobs create to specifically billion $20 invest to going We’re College: School: Pre-K: success: to path a have should child Every them. scapegoat not teachers, our support should We —Hillary wages." good of, instead not of, top On employees. with profits share to companies more for priority national a it make will "I home. at here received they breaks tax back give overseas jobs ship that companies make We’ll care. child on income their of 10% than more spend to have shouldn’t Families —Hillary it.” done I’ve because together, work can Democrats and Republicans know I … possible is “Progress debt. national our to trillion $30 than more add would billionaires &amp; millionaires for cuts tax .@realDonaldTrump’s 11. Chapter be can’t it and – Dream American the in chapter new a need We casinos. his did he way the America bankrupt Trump let can’t We together. country our building in everyone enlist to need we other, each against people pitting of Instead … along: Follow today! account Instagram Hillary's over taking is Mook Robby Manager Campaign @HFA: RT do. they work the for less women pay to able be should America in company No it. through on live She'll values. her and work her on carrying by birthday Cox's Jo celebrate Let's @rosenbergerlm: RT its… continue Let's too. America and , of millions for opportunity creating , the signs FDR today, ago yrs 72 @jmurray20: RT -H violence. gun on act to have We voices. our off cut can't they but cameras, the cut have may Republicans House families middle-class Americans, LGBT Americans, African Latinos, women, Muslims, for valid not *offer You* managers. fund hedge many than rate tax higher a have nurses and teachers that ridiculous It’s … today: Apply campaign. the of stretch final the for HQ Brooklyn our at us join to interns fall for looking We're @HFA: RT going. keep Let's ruling. historic the under disabilities with those for progress of years 17 of Proud … prize. the on eyes our keep must We out. give or in give or up give cannot We @repjohnlewis: RT " overcome shall "We singing floor House the On @YvetteClarke: RT che… background universal or weapons deadly getting from terrorists suspected stop to vote without House recessed just GOP @RepDanKildee: RT held. floor the Consider anywhere?! going are @HouseDemocrats like look it Does @RepTimRyan: RT for fighting we're who are They @RepJohnLarson: RT … vote. a allow will colleagues Republican our if see to chamber House in now right waiting are We @RepBecerra: RT … actuar de momento Es fuego. de armas por causada violencia la parar para acción de falta la por indignado Estoy @RepRubenGallego: RT … legislation! gun on consciences our vote us Let sit-in? this end to way effective more a know to want .@SpeakerRyan, @RepJudyChu: RT http… sitting I'm where frm like looks the what is This @RepDuckworth: RT holiday… 4 July for early home House sent has @SpeakerRyan legislation, safety gun sense common on vote &amp; debate than Rather @RepKClark: RT https… violence. gun reckless of families &amp; victims the for acting without leave not will we .@SpeakerRyan, @repjohnlewis: RT -H better. do must We deportation. facing families million 5 apart tear could ruling immigration heartbreaking Today's más. hacer que Tenemos deportación. de riesgo en familias de millones 5 separar podría inmigración de de decisión Desgarradora -H some. just not American, every to open be should education higher to doors The all. us for win a is decision Fisher Court's Supreme The gender. their matter no opportunity, equal deserve students All ever: than truer passed, since years 44 -H up. give can't We better. demanded and violence gun on inaction Republican exposed has determination Your . you, Thank feeling. the know We country. their to coming Trump about thrilled not are Scotland in People York. New Bravo, products. menstrual affordable to access deserves woman Every issue: economic an is health Women's casinos. his bankrupted he way the America bankrupt @realdonaldtrump let can’t We rate. tax lower a pay them of many → takeover! Snapchat state 8 our see to along Follow @HFA: RT president. next the of hands the in families—is undocumented of millions reform—and immigration of fate The —Hillary made." have Kingdom United the of people the choice the respect "We families. working hurt not does events these by created uncertainty economic the that sure make to be to has task first Our off… profit to tried who person a is this business, for good is pound of depreciation saying Trump by shocked anyone For @GideonResnick: RT —Hillary House." White the in leadership experienced steady, calm, for need the underscores only uncertainty of time "This https… about" talk to nothing “there's says Trump , about advisors policy foreign any to talked he whether Asked @TheBriefing2016: RT benefit. would personally, he, how about Talking the in was Trump Donald , the after Hours -H equality. toward march Americans' LGBT on milestone important another marking for @POTUS, you, Thank -H courage! work—and hard the up Keep age. her what matter no pay, equal deserves woman Every Jensen. you, for Good violence. and bullying acceptance—not and love deserve They are. they way the perfect are kids LGBT 2000. in States United the of Lady First the with parade pride gay NYC's in marched he time the on .@BarneyFrank safe. stay Please flooding. by impacted those with are sympathies and thoughts Our @TalleySergent: RT are. we who not That's Monday. on fired and Saturday on married get can Americans LGBT states, some In change. to has This discrimination. face still but progress, much so seen have seniors LGBT here: win to Enter Hillary. with @HamiltonMusical at night your of story the tell You'll @HFA. Love, you. with We're community: LGBT the To ht… 12th: July on @HamiltonMusical at @HillaryClinton join to tickets win to chance a for Enter @HamiltonMusical: RT world. the around and home at equality, for fighting keep to going We're rep… protecting &amp; reform justice criminal &amp; immigration wages, raising like champions, Hillary issues reflects @mayaharris_: RT tackling… and pipeline, school-to-prison the and incarceration mass ending for calls ever, time first the For @mayaharris_: RT fe… indexing &amp; raising for calling &amp; law wage min NY’s citing hour, an $15 least at earn should Americans says @mayaharris_: RT repr… to access women’s restricts which Amendment, Hyde the repealing for calls explicitly time, first the For @mayaharris_: RT maps). favorite our of one (still later year One bar—HR… meet doesn’t TPP believe Dems many fact reflects trade; on standards high &amp; principles progressive has @mayaharris_: RT https://… millions. deport and apart families tear would that force' 'deportation a for called has Trump mistake, no Make @lorellapraeli: RT her. with We're @dominiclowell: RT violence. or discrimination from free marry and work, live, to deserves American LGBT Every Hillary: with @HamiltonMusical see to tickets Win shot: your Here's happens? it where room the in be to Want -H don't. they until marching keep Let's barriers. many too face still Americans LGBT Yet court. highest our in triumphed love ago, year One ! Happy https://t… 🌈 too! are you if 47246 to PRIDE Text 💁 . why That's equality. LGBT for champion a is .@HillaryClinton @jessetyler: RT violencia. y discriminación de libres amar y trabajar vivir, merecen LGBT personas Las at —Hillary interests." business personal their of ahead people American the of interests the put need "We —Hillary ever." now—not Not this. accept cannot the in country other any than States United the in shootings mass more are "There laws. gun our strengthen to together come to us for time It's dancing. or praying, teaching, learning, while down gunned be should person No better. deserve Americans prevention. violence gun on forward move to leadership Republican convince could Congress in sit-in a even Not results. deliver actually to have tweet—you snarky a with respond can’t You solutions. real for you on count Americans office in you're When country. a as for stand we everything against goes common—and too all is people LGBT against Discrimination Texas. de Sifuentes —Armandina Unidos” Estados los fuera que de antes 1731 desde aquí estado ha familia “Mi hate. and violence, prejudice, of free lives their live can Americans LGBT all until fighting stop can’t We here: Enter Hillary. with @HamiltonMusical see to tickets Win shot. your away throw not Do juntos. historia haciendo Continuemos president. volatile a is need we thing last the world, volatile a In it." for pushing Hillary have didn’t we if today existence in be wouldn’t program health children’s “The -H reality. in but paper, on just right—not a be should abortion Safe America. across and Texas in women for victory a is decision SCOTUS's -H rights. basic their exercising for "punished" be won't Women health. women's protect to has president next The over: isn't fight This … Cincy! in stage the take Warren Elizabeth and @HillaryClinton until down count we as smiles All @HillaryforOH: RT Ohio: in @elizabethforma with stage the takes Hillary as live Watch —@ElizabethForMA Trump.” Donald like just guys rich for greater even it make means he great, America make he’ll says Trump Donald "When Hillary on —@ElizabethForMA hate.” and greed by driven is who bully thin-skinned a beat to takes it what knows "She @elizabethforma on —Hillary president." be to unqualified totally and unfit temperamentally is: he what for [Trump] exposes "She right. it make to chance a is election This success. to barriers facing are families while cuts tax more get millionaires that wrong It's relief. families and students hard-working give to got We’ve continue. crisis debt student the let can’t We first. families our put Let’s taxes. of share fair their pay wealthy the and Street Wall that sure make Let’s workers. for it do can they executives, for it do can they If wage. good a pay and employees with profits share that companies reward We'll century: 21st the of superpower energy clean the America making by change climate fight will We America. named aren’t that places in made are products own his but great, America making about talks and countries other against rails Trump stake. at savings and job your with charge, in him Imagine crisis. a faces America time next the Office Oval the in sitting Trump Imagine casinos. his bankrupted he way the America bankrupt Trump Donald let to going not are We —@ElizabethforMA country." our in place no have bigotry and injustice, hatred, racism, that believes "Hillary @ElizabethForMA. with Ohio in trail campaign the hit to day great A Chicago from live —Hillary chance." fighting a chance, a given be to want struggles…they their about us telling [are] "Americans —Hillary himself." for it in He’s people. American the for this in not he’s that proves Trump Donald day, "Every —Hillary matters." say you what believe I it earn to got You’ve you. trusting into someone talk just can’t "You will." I than families your and you for harder fight will one No doubts: have may who voters to say I what "Here’s @POTUS Featuring Vote, To Registering Than Harder Are That Things 5 @BuzzFeed: RT … affected those assist to stamp USPS a create to working is @StampOutPTSD and Day Awareness PTS National It's @jmurray20: RT well-connected. the or rich the just not everyone, for work to economy our need We complicated: not It's ad: new the Watch covered. are Kayla like kids million eight Program, Insurance Health Children's the to Thanks —@elizabethforma Hillary." vs. Donald few: a do just let's so values, about is election "This granted. for it take can't we victory—but major a is rights reproductive upholding decision Today's himself. for only it in people—he’s American the for it in not he’s that day every proves Trump Donald https://… need. we leader climate the she's showed again @HillaryClinton energy, clean 100% to move to efforts supporting By @sierraclub: RT entrepreneurs: for debt student forgive to wants Clinton Hillary @WIRED: RT ht… boost. a people working 114,000 giving hour, an $15 to wage minimum its raises DC Washington @EconomicPolicy: RT them: stop we how Here's laws. gun our in loopholes the of advantage taking are Terrorists himself. about cares only Trump if as almost It's two. that Make done? things gets who progressive A https://… explains: @HillaryClinton dignity." and purpose with work have should people that believe "I @LinkedIn: RT … policies partisan harmful inject to place the not are emergencies Health Public right: are Dems Senate @Ann_OLeary: RT progress. and struggle of decades community's LGBT the to monument national a as Stonewall celebrate we later, years 49 @dominiclowell: RT Bangladesh: in shirts—made his of one Here’s now. right outsourcing about speaking Trump's -H Alzheimer's. end to commitment of kind that exactly need We none. to ethic—second work Her legendary. is record Summitt's Pat → years 3 to up for loans student their defer entrepreneurs let should We plan: New —Hillary violence." and hatred of campaign this against Turkey of people the with united stand Americans "All → creators. content digital @YouTube with hall town Hillary's Watch Angeles: Los from Live —Hillary victim." a remain yourself let to not enough strong are "You how: Here's everyone. for work economy the make let's recession, another risking and debt up driving of Instead https://… businessman. a as 10 least at in made products had Trump state. of secretary as countries 112 visited Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT https… trip! their on info more for 47246 to NC Text Charlotte. in together stop first their making are @POTUS and Hillary @HillaryforNC: RT spaces. public other and airports stations, train In WiFi. free words: Two -H pick. they side which Watching agenda. political a or families choose can Council Executive NH the Parenthood, Planned on vote today's In doing… for Council Executive the &amp; @Maggie_Hassan done Well victory. a is funds Parenthood Planned restore to vote Today’s @HillaryforNH: RT neutrality: net defend and internet open an protect to obligation an have We country. the in state every nearly to us taken primary's the California, to Iowa From Oman Bangladesh Singapore Korea South Taiwan Kong Hong Honduras Vietnam China Mexico like: places in made were They @realDonaldTrump. ties, Cool … economy: our for good it's kids, our for good just isn't teachers science computer new 50,000 on Bringing @johnpodesta: RT possible. connections online fastest the have we sure make to internet 5G deploy should We you?" would me, for mother your "Thank son: teacher's a with education childhood early talks Hillary @HFA: RT … now: apply and information more Get November. in win a home bring to country the across organizers hiring We're @HFA: RT president." becoming of a…chance has Trump “Donald @realDonaldTrump. back, going not We're path." prosperous and stable a on back economy island’s the put to Rico Puerto of people the with fight will "I prosperidad. y estabilidad de camino un en vuelta de Isla la de economía la poner para PR de pueblo al junto Lucharé Hillary. Team with Pride City York New from Scenes it. attack Parenthood—not Planned support they'd health, women's protect to wanted actually Republicans If Onward. continues. equality toward march our but close, a to coming is Month Pride https… home. her in danger in be should child No Ariel. Hallel 13-year-old of murder terrorist heinous the by Heartbroken @rosenbergerlm: RT … @HRC with video produced Murphy Ryan new in victims Orlando the to tribute pay celebrities 49 WATCH: @HRC: RT https:… America. Central in persecution and violence fleeing families help to proposal strong their for Dems Senate Applaud @mayaharris_: RT here: RSVP 8. July on PA Scranton, in trail campaign the on @HillaryClinton join to @VP BREAKING: @HillaryforPA: RT @ElizabethForMA: and Hillary with agree you if now in Chip … funny. not is This rhetoric. anti-Mexican his of consequences the fear truly I Mexican-American, a As @Jorge_Silva: RT … Clinton. Hillary as Americans new of rights the for fighting long as spent has candidate presidential No @AmandaRenteria: RT now: in Chip Trump. Donald to up stand to you on count can she Hillary Show House. White the in Democrat a with stronger always is economy Our rate… start-up smart is entrepreneurship to relief debt connect to plan Hillary's @RanaForoohar: RT here.) not (Hint: his? make he does where but products, USA" the in "Made in pride have should people says Trump money. hard-earned of out Americans innocent cheating strategy: business real Trump's Donald taught Institute Trump —Hillary own." your of space a out carve to afraid be don’t voice your for room have doesn’t in you’re space the "If win. to chance your for now Enter @DemConvention. at president woman first the nominate to speech a give could You país? del economía la manejar sabrá él creer debemos qué ¿por empresario pésimo un es Trump que muestra evidencia La -H hate. and fear to succumb never will We terrorists: the To Bangladesh. in hostages the of safety the for Praying Trump). Donald told ever one no (maybe you about lot a says keep you company The again. manufacturing, in leader world a America make Let's progress. for way the paved work whose leader LGBT early an was Rivera Sylvia activist trans 1951, 2, July Born economy. our on hands his have shouldn’t Trump button, nuclear the on finger his have shouldn’t he like Just progress. on clock the back turn to going not We're Wiesel Elie of passing the on @BillClinton and —Hillary loss" his mourning in world the around those all join "We potential. God-given their to up live to opportunity the have should American Every -H families. victims' the with are prayers My them. defeat will We savagery. ISIS's of example horrific another is Baghdad in attack Today's @POTUS. together, trail campaign the hitting to forward Looking America. on @realDonaldTrump from message A anything." do can I believe me helped and person better a me made have "You scam. giant another yet was it reality, In them. help would Institute Trump thought Americans Middle-class progress. of years 240 to Here's —Hillary America." define that values the as big as be to have We small. be can't we great, be "To -H share. we values the and diversity, freedom, America—our of best the celebrate let's Today July! of Fourth Happy . en Hillary espacio”— propio tu crear de miedo tengas no voz, tu para espacio tiene no estás donde lugar el “Si president. be to takes it everything has Hillary why about talks @POTUS interview, new a In know." don't "I Trump: [votes]?" supremacists' don't you that say and Duke David condemn you "Will Q: … Charlotte in afternoon this @POTUS and @HillaryClinton from hear to house full a already It's @HillaryforNC: RT Watch: campaign. this in time first the for Hillary with trail the hits @POTUS Charlotte: from Live @POTUS on —Hillary Hawaii." It’s tweeting: there out you’re if Donald, And from. came he where forgotten never has who "Someone —Hillary elections." winning about two or thing a knows He campaign. this in support @POTUS’s have to much so means "It —Hillary did.” he what exactly that’s Depression—and Great second a from us save to was job Obama’s "President —Hillary more." 75 see to us want I growth. job of months straight 75 had we’ve @JoeBiden, and @POTUS "Under —Hillary debt." student existing with struggling people of millions help for debt-free college make to going "We’re instead. employees with profits share that ones the reward and overseas, profits and jobs ship that companies on down crack to going We’re it. stop to going we’re and secretaries, their than rate tax lower a pay can millionaires some that wrong It’s too. updated, be pay—to equal to leave paid policies—from our for time It's century. 21st the in changed have workplaces and families Our —Hillary purpose." common and ground common for reaches faced—still he’s obstruction of spite who—in someone see I @POTUS, at look I "When —Hillary strong." and safe us keep to how knows who president a is This world. entire the but country our just not statesman—leading a "He’s —Hillary Commander-in-Chief." our be to unfit Trump Donald and says, president a word every on hangs world "The —Hillary walls." not bridges, build We up. other each lift we down, other each tear don’t we America, "In —Hillary go!” to ready and up fired we’re but you, about know don’t “I —@POTUS States." United the of President next the as her elect help to you want I Clinton. Hillary in believe I because today here "I'm Hillary on —@POTUS her." to personal was It injustice. experienced who's anybody for feels she that passion the saw "I —@POTUS rewarded." been always has Clinton Hillary in faith my you, tell me "Let —@POTUS off." are cameras the when others treat they How somebody. judge you how 's with everybody treated she how saw "I Hillary on —@POTUS quit." won't she How down. back won't she How her. on count can you how saw "I —@POTUS truth." the That's Clinton. Hillary than office this for qualified more woman or man any been never has "There —@POTUS you." offer to nothing got side's other working for out look to going who's is concern your "If Hillary on —@POTUS Commander-in-Chief." be to takes it what knows She world. the around proud us makes who stateswoman a be will "She policies dangerous Trump’s Donald on —@POTUS vote.” to need You help. doesn’t Booing vote! boo, "Don’t —@POTUS happen.” progress real and change real how That’s … true. is Hillary steady. is Hillary is, fact "The Obama. Thanks, Charlotte: in trail the on account Instagram Hillary's over takes @POTUS as along Follow go. to Ready up. Fired 2016 of stop campaign first his at —@POTUS Clinton." Hillary in believe I because today here "I'm Unidos”—Obama. Estados los de Presidenta próxima nuestra elegirla a ayudes tú que "Quiero said. @POTUS What bounds. no knows Hussein Saddam like dictators brutal for praise Trump's Donald debt: student from relief students former give to plan Hillary's about more Learn education. higher of financing the for forth brought just has she initiative bold very the for @HillaryClinton applaud I @BernieSanders: RT it. fix to time It's America. in high too are costs College you: heard Hillary how: Here's contractors. stiffing and workers, off laying businesses, his bankrupting while millions made Trump → City Atlantic from live Hillary Watch casinos. his of one we're like America bankrupt Trump let can't We it. about know to needs America in voter every shameful—and about—it’s brag to nothing is City Atlantic in did Trump Donald What abandoned. it's Now, yet." hit biggest "the Hotel and Casino Plaza Trump the called Trump Donald loss. huge a at ago years few a just sold was City Atlantic in Casino Hotel Marina Trump The pensions. and insurance health workers' canceled It bankrupt. is World, the of Wonder 8th the called Donald which Mahal, Taj Trump the And @HillaryClinton here?" happened What businessman? amazing of kind some be to supposed he "Isn't @creynoldsnc: RT city." whole the hurt decisions bad was town the of rest the before long failing were businesses "[@realDonaldTrump's] Trump —Donald incredible.” was there of out took I money long a for me for cow cash good very a was City “Atlantic @realDonaldTrump: on —Hillary November." in wins he if do he’ll what exactly is City Atlantic in here did he "What process. the in destroyed gets who matter No money? make I did success: for metric only his Always @jmpalmieri: RT take. can you much how about It's build. can you what about not It's strategy: business Trump's Donald —Hillary casinos.” Trump’s than years 30 last the in often more 11 Chapter filed has company major “No —Hillary people." other destroying by rich get they if do we successful…but being people begrudge don’t we America, "In fixed .@realDonaldTrump @gwenrocco: RT workers ✔️Casino builders ✔️Local ✔️Vendors businesses ✔️Small City? Atlantic abandoned Trump when hurt got Who -H Ramadan. this Bangladesh and Arabia, Saudi Iraq, Turkey, in terror by struck families for breaks heart My Al-Fitr. Eid safe a for Praying state. their in university or college public a to go to debt on take to has student no that so it make Let's $125,000" than less making families for tuition-free colleges public make would proposal "Clinton’s @AustinHunt: RT businesses. his bankrupted he way the America bankrupt to chance the has never @realDonaldTrump sure make Let's millions. home take and workers, stiff ground, the into business a Drive method: business City Atlantic Trump The it: saw everyone if campaign Trump’s Donald destroy could that footage discovered Newly estado. su de pública universidad una en estudiar para endeudarse que tenga estudiante ningún que para Trabajemos —Hillary family." his with are prayers my and tragedy, a is Sterling Alton of death "The strawman? a build to want you Do bonus. million $5 a himself paid he losses, in million $66 posted casinos City Atlantic Trump's While House. White the near anywhere economy the to approach Trump's let can't We -H Matter. Lives Black soon. too down cut life a of tragedy another yet to up woke America country. our to thing same the do to wants he Now Tesoro. Andrew like people working cheating by ahead got Trump Matter. Lives Black Matters. Castile Philando Matters. Sterling Alton 2016 30, March Trump, —Donald abortion].” seeking [for punishment of form some be to has “There us. from taken been have women and men black young many Too mourning. are families American African many Too https://t… @realDonaldTrump's: like companies abusive by stiffed being from biz small protect to plan @Hillaryclinton new See @mpshapiro: RT us. of All generation. next the for fight to responsibility a have We -H them. with serve who all &amp; families their for protesters, peaceful protect to duty sacred their doing while shot officers the for mourn I Philadelphia: in Conference Church AME the addresses Hillary as live Watch —Hillary peace" God’s in rest they May preceding. those all and week this lost we those all of souls the for and families those for pray "We be. shouldn’t who dead people many too killing, senseless much much too is There country. our with wrong something is There better. do to have We group. other any than incidents police in killed be to likely more are Americans black that evidence clear is There year. this far so incidents—123 police in killed Americans African of litany painful long, a in latest the are deaths Philando's and Alton —Hillary listen.” to need We us. tell to trying are They lives. people’s apart ripping is violence “Gun —Hillary officers." police by force of use the on guidelines national develop to together communities and enforcement law bring will "I —Hillary situations." de-escalating for methods proven emphasize and not, is it when and warranted is force deadly when clear it make "We’ll —Hillary research." new support [and] programs training best the fund and find to billion $1 commit I'll budget, first my "In march. peaceful a protecting were They died. they when doing were officers those what Remember officers. police vilify not, must cannot, We day. every face you barriers unseen and seen the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans White —Hillary me?" to matters life your that show I can How justice? promote and violence stop to do I can what ourselves, ask "Let’s indifferent." be to afford can us of None indifference.' hate—it’s not is love of opposite 'the that us for clarified once Wiesel "Elie injustice racial addressing and violence gun preventing on —Hillary won’t.” I on, moves cycle news 24-hour the "When 6:9 —Galatians heart.” lose not do we if reap, shall we season, due in for good, doing in weary grow not us “Let face. they barriers the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans White —Hillary people." a as are we who of us reminds stories, American other many so like story, "@LorellaPraeli's mil… to access care health and insurance health expanding toward step important an is @HillaryClinton by proposal Today's @BernieSanders: RT title! Slam Grand 22nd record-tying your on @serenawilliams Congrats, funding: their double to plan Hillary's Here's Americans. million 25 for care provide centers health Community Clinton Hillary by this.” than better ourselves owe We this. than better children our owe “We @Medium: RT Hillary on —@POTUS somebody." judge you how That's respect. with everybody treated she how saw "I justice. toward bends it but long is universe moral the of arc the us, reminded has President the As bancarrota)”. (de 11 Capítulo el ser puede no americano–y sueño el en capítulo nuevo un escribir “Necesitamos millions. with away walked he but jobs, their lost people of hundreds failed, casinos Trump's Donald When —@POTUS quit." not will she and down, back won’t she and waver, won’t she how and her, on count can "You @POTUS: under come we've far how of reminder another month—just last jobs 287,000 added economy Our take. can he much how about —it's build can he what about not it's Trump, Donald For —@POTUS shape." to ours is it that believes She future. the fears who somebody not is "Hillary dictators? brutal on praise showers consistently he when candidate presidential a about say it does What leadership. good of examples as Jong-un Kim and Hussein Saddam to looks candidate a when problem a have You again. time and time them of advantage taken he's but veterans, our supports he says Trump Donald brain." good "very his And Himself. advisor? policy foreign one number Trump's Donald ad: New … today. ago yrs 21 faith their of b/c massacred boys &amp; men 8,000 over Remembering @rosenbergerlm: RT much. so Not war? of Prisoners vets." the "loves he says .@realDonaldTrump More: States. United the of President for @HillaryClinton endorses whole-heartedly @CWAUnion BREAKING: @CWAUnion: RT … PAC —@USProgressives life." adult entire her Americans of lives the improve to worked "Hillary @HFA: RT https… now: NO vote to them urge &amp; legislator your Call 1948. bill—HB anti-abortion restrictive a on voting is Senate PA's @HillaryforPA: RT story." the about something do to but story the repeat to just not is hears she stories the with dealing of way "Her policies dangerous @realDonaldTrump's on —@POTUS wall." higher a build to is plan only whose nominee a picked "They Hillary. sobre Obama país"—presidente al servir y mayor causa una por emociones y personal agenda su lado un a “Dejó candidate. presidential a for flag red a be should dictators brutal notorious, most world's the of some Praising happen. it let can’t We dangerous. flat-out is Office Oval the in Trump Donald … . to time is It lives. innocent 49 claimed that tragedy the since month one marks Today @HRC: RT Hampshire. New in trail the on Hillary joins @BernieSanders as live Watch —@BernieSanders 1%." the just not and us, of all represents which government a for fight to continue will we "Together, that. for her congratulate I and process, nominating Democratic the won has .@HillaryClinton @BernieSanders: RT —@BernieSanders that." for her congratulate I and process, nominating Democratic the won has Clinton "Secretary —@BernieSanders president." next the be will she certain make to can I everything do to intend I Democratic the be will "She Hampshire New in —@BernieSanders Clinton." Hillary endorsing am I why to as possible as clear as it make to here come have "I —@BernieSanders face." we that crises serious very the addressing and people American the of needs the about is campaign "This —@BernieSanders that." do to candidate best the away and far is Clinton mind my in doubt no is "There —@BernieSanders poverty.” in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works America in someone if that understands Clinton "Hillary —@BernieSanders nominate." will Trump Donald justices SCOTUS the about not is election this thinks there out anyone "If Trump on —Bernie coverage." care health to access lose will millions whether about care doesn’t who president a we thing last "The —Bernie millionaires.” fund hedge than higher rate tax effective an paying are Americans middle-class that absurd is it that "knows Hillary —@BernieSanders up." us dividing not together, people our bringing about be must election "This —@BernieSanders together.” us—stand of American—all Native American, Asian Latino, white, and black when stronger become "We —@BernieSanders Party." Democratic the of history the in platform progressive most the far, by produced, "We Clin… Hillary a and House Democratic a Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform progressive our see to is now job Our @BernieSanders: RT —@BernieSanders today." her with stand to proud am I and president, outstanding an make will Clinton "Hillary @BernieSanders on —Hillary country.” our about deeply care who people young of generation a inspired and energized has "He injustice. fighting of lifetime a for but endorsement, your for just not @BernieSanders, you, Thank us. of all require will serve they communities the and enforcement law between respect and trust rebuilding and racism systemic on Taking —Hillary America.” in violence gun of epidemic the end to action meaningful real, take “Let’s wage. minimum the raising we’re wage, minimum the cutting not we’re watching, you’re if Donald, sorry So wage. starvation a is hour an $ altogether.” schools those at tuition eliminate we’ll year, a $125,000 than less making families “For taxes. of share fair their pay super-rich the and corporations, Street, Wall that sure make to going We’re all. for and once women for pay equal guarantee Let’s leave. family paid offer Let’s it. privatize or cut Security—not Social expand Let’s —Hillary country.” the across rights voting on attacks against back fight Let’s harder. not vote, to easier it make "Let's voices. your needs desperately country Our you. thank campaign, Bernie’s into soul and heart your poured who everyone To know.” you too, donations, $27 accept We to go Or 47246. to JOIN text and now right phone your out take can "You election. this win go let’s Together, —@BernieSanders today." her with stand to proud am I and president outstanding an make will Clinton "Hillary all. us from contributions require citizens—will and police between trust rebuilding racism—and systemic on Taking @HillaryClinton sequel. the in women Include @Lin_Manuel: RT education. an to right girl's every for fighting for you Thank Malala! birthday, Happy … agenda. rights civil nation's the on speak opportunity the skip and president for run cannot You @NAACP: RT justice?" promote and violence stop to do I can "What ourselves, ask Let’s Hillary. sobre Obama alguien"—presidente a juzga se como es Así respeto. con todos a trataba ella cómo "Vi you. alongside fight to Proud @BernieSanders. you, Thank https://t… two. Or ago. decade a written been have could it like feels platform, GOP hard-right the on @jwpetersNYT from This @mikiebarb: RT speakers. Trump's of copy a found finally we but awhile, took It @TheBriefing2016: RT together. stronger always we're America, In December: since and say who people uniting been has hashtag One @HFA: RT 1858. in speech divided" "house his gave Lincoln where statehouse, Illinois the from speaks Hillary as live Watch —Hillary stand.'" cannot itself against divided house 'A said: us for resonance hold ago years those all spoke Lincoln words "The people. all for justice promote that policies embrace to need We attitudes. our and laws our at look hard a take to need We —Hillary again” happen doesn’t week last saw we kind the like violence where country a in up grow to children our of "I ago. year Bland—one Sandra Castile. Philando Sterling. Alton incidents. police in killed been have ones loved whose families to listen Let's —Hillary disposable." are lives their like black many Too Matter.' Lives 'Black say who those to listen to need "We serve. they communities the with trust rebuild to day every hard working officers police principled dedicated, the to listen to need We ground. common is this ground, common for looking we’re If violence. gun prevent to have we agree: owners gun of majority vast The violence. gun stop to more do to need We police. support to need We reform. justice criminal need We once: at true be can things These —Hillary II.” War World since jobs good-paying new, in investment biggest the make will we president, as days 100 first my “In dangerous. so is Trump Donald why that's And apart. us split not together, us pull help can who president a need we these, like times In Trump on —Hillary him." about all somehow police—is by people black of killing this—the "Even —Hillary wrong." badly gone has something sign a it’s debates, policy and candidates political by scared are kids "When president? as same the do would he doubt any there Is him. criticized have who press the of members banished has Trump @Hillar… - Policía". la con incidentes en pasada semana la vidas sus perdieron también que latinos 5 que reconocer que "Hay @Jorge_Silva: RT restrained? be he’d think you Do military. our IRS—or the also but opponents, and critics after go to Twitter just not had Trump if Imagine himself." to listens only something. learn actually might He while. a in once people other to listen would Donald wish do "I —Hillary afraid." be should you that message A America. to message dangerous ugly, an to up adds campaign Trump’s "Donald —Hillary own." our as struggles other’s each on take Let’s other. each to allies than more be "Let’s —Hillary all.” for justice and liberty with indivisible, be will We divided.' be to 'cease will we work, the do we “If own. our as struggles other’s each on take Let’s other. each to allies than more be Let’s —@MarkKellyTyler fair." and inclusive, tolerant, more society our make to all us push will who leader a need "We @HillaryClinton. endorses @JohnFetterman Mayor Braddock supporter Sanders Bernie Former BREAKING: @HillaryforPA: RT together. stronger we're because together stand We walls. not bridges, build We up. other each lift we America, In — ) to committed Democrats the when (or day the of news important incredibly the On @lessig: RT @hamiltonmusical. brilliance tactical practical, of presence the In together. it solve to need We problem. our of all is Americans against violence Gun listening. are kids our mouth, his opens @realDonaldTrump When Remember: stu… of dose daily a for Follow Trump. Donald literally tool: devastating a got we've Trump Donald stop to fight the In @literally_trump: RT @LULAC: at live speak Hillary watch to in Tune @LULAC at —Hillary America.” of future the are you because America of future the shape us help to have "Latinos @LULAC at —Hillary here." disconnect a There’s wealth. its of 2% only hold you but population, country’s our of 17% are "Latinos —Hillary outrageous." just is That man. white a by earned dollar every for cents 55 just earn pay gender the close to need "We wage. minimum the raise to need We poverty. in live ever should America in full-time works who one No college: afford color, of students especially students, more help will plan college new Hillary's —Hillary universities.” and colleges public at tuition eliminate we’ll year, a $125,000 than less making families “For —Hillary: citizenship.” to path a with reform immigration comprehensive introduce will days…I 100 first my "In this. fix to have We home. get they when there be will dad or mom if knowing not morning, every parents their to bye say kids many Too bowl. taco a of picture a out tweeting is outreach” “Latino thinks who someone nominate will Republicans Cleveland, in week Next division. racial of flames the fans just That heritage." "Mexican his of because trusted be can't judge federal a said .@realDonaldTrump comment.” racist a of definition textbook “the Curiel, Judge on comments Trump’s called @SpeakerRyan Even —Hillary Trump." Donald as American as and am I as American as is Curiel Judge won’t: Trump Donald what say will "I rails. the off badly gone has something sign a it’s debates, policy and politicians our by scared are kids our When —Hillary equal.” are us of all that notion timeless simple, the reflects that future a ourselves…toward and country our move to have “We -H key. is enforcement Effective work. can diplomacy principled Strong, program. nuclear Iran’s on lid a put has the in, year One … Americans ALL are we believes that candidate a for fight to proud I'm and American an I'm @lorellapraeli: RT community. American the of part vital a are Latinos that voice one with say to got We’ve → Virginia in stage the take @TimKaine Senator and Hillary as live Watch http… us: Join —@HillaryClinton. history." our in elections consequential most the of one is "This @HillaryforVA: RT … “U”: Trump like schools fake about @DeptVetAffairs &amp; @CFPB @FTC, @usedgov, to letter a sent I &amp; Dems Senate 11 @SenWarren: RT Nice in attack the on —Hillary France" of people the with solidarity strong in stands American "Every @TimKaine. Senator and Virginia you, Thank him: about know to need you What mate. running his as Pence Mike chose just @realDonaldTrump official: It's pick. VP his to hello say America, for plan dangerous his with sticking Trump about doubts any had you If House: White the of out agenda extreme their and Pence, Mike Trump, Donald keep to in Chip America. for disaster potential and Indiana of governor current Pence: Mike pick, VP Trump's know to Get president. vice for choice his love to going you’re Trump, Donald like you If vicepresidente. para escogió quién conoce país, el para plan peligroso su continuará Trump que duda alguna tenías Si él: de saber debes que lo Aquí vicepresidente. su ser para Pence Mike a escoger de acaba @realDonaldTrump Oficial: this: of more fund to dollars tax federal your use to wanted Pence Mike @GavinNewsom: RT Kill.” Doesn’t “Smoking titled op-ed an wrote Pence time one and Oh, @TheBriefing2016: RT Indiana. in outbreak HIV an caused Parenthood Planned against battle Pence's Mike @cameronesposito: RT bloc… to attempt law, (Anti-LGBT him. like look don’t who ppl attacking policies supporting of history long a has Pence Gov @DanMalloyCT: RT … Security. Social privatize to wants really really, really, he and wage, minimum the raising opposes He @TheBriefing2016: RT haircut. different a with Trump Donald He’s Pence: Mike https:… lobby. gun the from donations campaign in thousands of tens accepted NRA, the by A-rated : pick VP Trump's @MomsDemand: RT . in situation the on Hillary decisive. so Not divisive. Always Trump: Donald people. LGBT against discriminate to businesses allowed that legislation for advocated Pence Mike FACT: history. in tickets anti-woman most the of one is this but women" for "great he's thinks Trump @UltraViolet: RT https:/… ever than more Now for. fought have people LGBTQ all to threat a are @mike_pence and .@realDonaldTrump @ChadHGriffin: RT control… to trying for famous is who VP a picked – bimbos &amp; pigs fat women calls who guy a – @realDonaldTrump COURSE Of @elizabethforma: RT Pence Mike pick, VP —Trump's history." of heap ash the to sent is Wade v. Roe that day the for long "I pro-cigarettes but anti-immigrant, anti-LGBTQ, anti-woman, is Pence Mike pick VP Trump's Donald @nowthisnews: RT go: you Here Pence. Mike about say to plenty got ​*we’ve*​ Well, planet the *literally* And ✔️ Immigrants ✔️ Women ✔️ economy The ✔️ for: Bad https:… . end to ready you're if RT days! 30 first in plan reform pledges .@HillaryClinton @StopBigMoney: RT mate. running his him made just Trump Donald And abortion. outlaw would Pence Mike to? up looking kids our want we do president of kind What community. American the of part vital a are Latinos that voice one with say to got We’ve bowl'. 'taco un tuitear es latina comunidad la para campaña una que piensa que alguien a nominarán republicanos los semana, próxima La team. the Join You Hillary&amp; Barack&amp; @HFA: RT bathrooms. And a building on president next potential Your of. running his introduced Trump Donald time That Rouge. Baton in shooting the on statement Hillary's presidency: the for unfit he's that proven has @realDonaldTrump ways the of few a Just reform: for advocating is Carr, Gwen mother, his how Here's today. ago years two killed was Garner Eric —@Lin_Manuel bridges?" building who's someone for or wall a build to wants who guy the for vote to going you "Are Trump: about know to need you What country. the entering Muslims Banning zones. school gun-free of rid Getting Trump: on Republican a from confession A Cleveland." in mistake terrible a make to about is Party the think "I -H . an for fight the in Durban in Conference AIDS International the at everyone with stand I win: him let won't you if name your Add president. for nominee @GOP the become to about is Trump Donald me." scares man This man. of kind different a he's Trump, a was "I Republican: a of Confessions president. become never you sure make to can we everything do to going We're Trump: Donald Cincinnati: in @NAACP the to speaks Hillary as live Watch —Hillary accountable." held be must helps who anyone and officer police a kills who terrible a is officers police "Killing better." do to striving are who country the across departments police of lead the follow to is police our honor to way best the "Perhaps law. the by respected is everyone when and law the for respect is there when safer is Everyone reform. justice criminal for fight must We act. to time It's incarcerated. formerly the Helping pipeline. school-to-prison the Dismantling crisis. incarceration mass the Fixing streets. our off weapons assault getting to committed be should officers police of lives the protecting about care who People —Hillary ourselves." it experienced haven’t who us of those especially all, us from contributions requires racism systemic "Ending day. every face you that barriers unseen and seen the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans White eyes. their through world the see to try to got We’ve ways. both works Empathy officers. police of shoes the in ourselves put also Let’s that." just do to day single every work will I apart. us split not together, us pull help can who president a need we these, like times "In threat. a country—it's our for loss a just not That's Trump. of Party the become Lincoln of Party the watching We're —Hillary silent." be to afford can of None matter.' that things about silent become we when end to begin lives 'Our said, King Dr. "As —Hillary election." this in vote to commit and vote to register to people million 3 get to drive nationwide a announce to pleased "I’m : we're @realDonaldTrump show to today vote to Commit hoy: Firma Trump. a abierta Carta representan" nos no valores Tus representan. nos no ideas Tus representas. nos "No House. White the near anywhere two these let can't We of kind is this So @TheBriefing2016: RT –@POTUS had." we've state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I Order.” and “Law theme: Today’s war." love "I @realDonaldTrump? it. hated he said FDR "terrible." it called Lincoln -H together. families immigrant keep Let's Texas. v. rehear to petition DOJ's grant should SCOTUS line, the on lives million five With started." even it before convention own his of control lost Trump "Donald inmigrantes… familias las Mantengamos Texas. v caso el reconsiderar para DOJ del petición la aceptar debería "SCOTUS @Jorge_Silva: RT : the at Trump Team for line-up starting the Meet one. day from community our disparaging been has he Trumplandia: in day other every than different no is Tonight @lorellapraeli: RT ht… admin? Obama the undermine to Iran of leader the to letter a wrote Cotton Tom when Remember @TheBriefing2016: RT disagrees. world The us. respect doesn't world the say Republicans Giuliani. Mayor Thanks, year. election an not it's say—when to things nice of lot a have Republicans property. Street Wall swanky his businesses—for small for funds 9/11 emergency from $100,000 over took Trump him…sad! make to in chip mad, you makes @realDonaldTrump When Literally. @literally_trump: RT rational." is Muslims of “fear that thinks Flynn Gen. Lt. Ret. @TheBriefing2016: RT invoices. his paying at great isn't Trump company. rental machine fog out, Watch @TheDemocrats: RT ht… country this of history the in candidate presidential dangerous most the is Trump @charlierose tells @HillaryClinton @CBSEveningNews: RT big.” so “win Trump let can’t we agree you if $1 in Chip reminder. good A payment. the for him stiffed Trump casino. City Atlantic his for pianos Trump Donald sold owner business small A are. we who not that's him tell to name your hate—add sowing by nomination this into way his bulldozed Trump us: Join win. to going we're and possible, as Americans many as enfranchise to going We’re —@BarneyFrank Street." Wall of enemy the he's that claim Trump's than ridiculous more is "Nothing hours: 4 in all them read and try to going We're lawsuits. 5,500 than more in involved been Trump's think We … horas: 4 en todas leerlas intentar a Vamos demandas. 5,500 de más en involucrado estado ha Trump VIVO: EN @Jorge_Silva: RT Facebook. on live @realDonaldTrump involving lawsuits of thousands reading We're counting: and 2,016 $30,000 owes still Trump Donald who owner business small —A backs." people's other on empire his built "He's now: in Tune it? make can we Think lawsuits. Trump's reading finish to left minutes 10 Just Fund. Defense Children's the at career her begins Hillary discrimination. housing for sued is Trump Donald 1973: goal: registration voter Stronger Million 3 our introduce @JessLivMo and @LorellaPraeli, @BrynneCraig, HQ: from Live heard: we what of worst the of Some to. have didn't you so the of night first the watched We president. becomes never he sure make and vote, to register 47246, to VOTE Text @HFA: RT ticket. party major a on nominee VP woman first Ferraro—the Geraldine nominated @TheDemocrats 1984, in day this On Office. Oval the in foot steps never he sure make to now in Chip nominee. Republican the became just Trump Donald president. for nominee Republican the literally is Trump Donald @literally_trump: RT this. do Let's thing. bad a is bankruptcy for filing think doesn't president next potential Your ballot. the on not you're complimentary—when very be can McConnell Senator … president. for ran she before @HillaryClinton about tune different much a had McConnell Mitch @TheBriefing2016: RT anyway. president for Trump Donald endorses still @SpeakerRyan But @TheBriefing2016: RT himself. it wrote Trump Donald think you'd hateful, so is platform Party Republican The platform. @GOP anti-immigrant anti-LGBT, anti-woman, your to according Not you. sell to bridge a have we ethics, on anyone lecture can Christie Chris think you If payment. the for him stiffed Trump casino. City Atlantic his for pianos Trump Donald sold owner business small This ground. the into businesses his drives repeatedly who someone about drive" and "talent of talk of Lots success. of record Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT @SenCapito. kind, too You're America. in things making actually by start should he again, great America make to wants Trump Donald If line. the on isn't presidency the when truth-y more bit a be to tend Republicans surgery: brain not It's women. working to gem real a been has Trump Donald Yeah, plan? economic Trump's Donald about tonight learn we did exactly plan: economic Trump's Donald about learned we everything here's night," "economy 's the On 2016): in (yes, for stands officially GOP the things disturbing Five agree: you if letter our signed already have who people 100,000 the Join values. our or us represent doesn't Trump Trump Donald on Coulter —Ann speech." rapist Mexican that with over me won "He so. think don't we Yeah, —@realDonaldTrump together." people bring will "I bankrupt. go America letting means much pretty Which businesses. his like the run he'd says Trump https… presidencial. campaña esta sobre información compartirles para cuenta nueva una español!, en ¡Hillary presentamos Le @Hillary_esp: RT included not *Instructions Again" Work* America "Make theme: night's Last https… days. 30 first her within decision disastrous overturn to working to committed is .@HillaryClinton @SenGillibrand: RT years 168 rights. equal deserve women that declared Convention Falls Seneca the 1848, in week This us. for speak words hateful @realDonaldTrump's let can't We matters. says president our What call. close a It's worse? it said Who Pence: or Trump people ✓LGBT ✓Immigrants ✓Women restricted? Pence Mike has rights Whose -H harder. not easier, voting make Let's America. in restrictive most the of law—one ID voter Texas's blocking for Circuit 5th the applaud I Takai. Mark Rep. of passing the on Hillary far. so times 67 least America—at to lying are speakers The check: Fact l… no voto, el Facilitemos restrictivas. más las de Texas, en votante del ID de ley la bloquear por Circuito 5to al Aplaudo @Hillary_esp: RT together. bringing is @realDonaldTrump groups three anti-Semites: and supremacists, white Neo-Nazis, @MarcoRubio. you, of big Very ago days 78 Trump, on —@tedcruz "Narcissist." textbook." psychology a of "Out liar." "Pathological is. he And liar. pathological a Trump Donald called once Cruz Ted @TheBriefing2016: RT ht… false. rated got just claim that Annnd bills. his pays always Trump Donald that said tonight speaker A @TheBriefing2016: RT anyway! go you Here wasn’t. He pick. VP Trump’s be might Newt thought we when this made We Gingrich! ¡Newt republicana convención la en turno el toca le ahora Y @Hillary_esp: RT Yeah. ISIS. to Parenthood Planned compared once Newt @TheBriefing2016: RT Gingrich. Newt speaker, convention ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ V̶P̶ Trump's about know should you things few A President. Vice his be to country the in politicians anti-LGBT most the of one chose Trump Donald stewardship. economic terrible of side heaping a with bigotry Pence: Mike @TheBriefing2016: RT again. think moderates, to appeal would who mate running a pick to going was Trump Donald thought you If Mike. say, don't You process. the in millions state the cost Indiana—and in discrimination LGBT legalize to tried Pence Mike your abandoning of Speaking .@mike_pence @TheBriefing2016: RT 👉 Trump boo—buck Don’t conscience. your Vote right. Trump Donald name: your Add us." represent don’t values Your us. represent don’t ideas Your us. represent not do "You you. like people about thinks @realDonaldTrump what Discover : Introducing supporter Trump Palin, —Sarah terrorists." baptize we'd how is would they charge, in were I "If … you? like people about said Trump Donald has What EVER. THING BEST @RyanEGraney: RT Sad! us. about thinks really Trump what know we Now comparison: side-by-side A himself. helps only He @realDonaldTrump? others. helping career her spent Hillary's Trump: about said have the at Republicans things the of some Just barker" "Carnival coward" sniveling "A Snapchat. on us follow to time good a be might Now you. for it did we said—so have Pence and Trump things divisive and ignorant the of all of track keep to hard It’s mention: to forgot he what learned—and we what Here's night. last America to himself introduced Pence Mike you: about said has @realDonaldTrump what Here's "Animal." "Slob." "Dummy." Russia. is doubt in NATO to commitment our casting by benefit to one only The @JohnKasich: RT unity. party for much So Mitch more, agree couldn't We Trump on —@SenateMajLdr issues." the about lot a know doesn't he obvious pretty "It's @Hillary_esp. Follow Spanish. in campaign this from latest the you bring to account new a español!, en ¡Hillary Introducing speaker and endorser Trump Arpaio, —Joe City." Tent called 's concentration a have already "I president. for running not you're when words best the has .@MarshaBlackburn decir. que más Nada Arpaio. Joe ahora, Y bowl". "taco un Primero, @Hillary_esp: RT discriminatio… over fairness and equality for win big A today! community LGBT the with standing for @NBA the to you Thank @dominiclowell: RT fact. in facts, best The speech. Trump’s Donald of fact-checking live for tonight @TheBriefing2016 Follow pregnancy. and women working on views @realDonaldTrump's About 👀 lies. he time every $1 in Chip cost. a have words hateful his that @realDonaldTrump Show lie. a is itself This @TheBriefing2016: RT crime. about wrong just is Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT up. run would plan tax his "t") a (that's trillion $34 the with start let’s debt, about talk to wants Trump If record. the review Let's economy. global the to threat greatest third the as presidency Trump Donald a ranked .@TheEconomist @realDonaldTrump. voice, our not are You thing. one about right is Trump Americans. LGBT "protect" would ticket Republican the how Here's ISIS. fight to plan Trump's Donald literally is This @TheBriefing2016: RT @realDonaldTrump. therapy,” “conversion supports platform official party's Your the… for breaks tax more about concerned just Or affordable? college making or debt student about word one be there Will @BernieSanders: RT this. than better are We you. for it Fixed @TheBriefing2016: RT $1. in👈 👈 chip 👈 mad 👈 you 👈 makes 👈 @realDonaldTrump 👈 time 👈 Every Trump. Donald like millionaires and -- billionaires benefits mostly plan Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT Trump. Donald presidencia, la y tú muro—entre un construiremos Sí, @Hillary_esp: RT watching. is History Latinos, Muslims, people, LGBT Americans, African women, included: *Not —@realDonaldTrump you*" with "I’m president. become him let can't We agree: you if RT nomination. @GOP the accepted just Trump real—Donald is This sticker: free your Get us. of all presidency: the and Trump Donald between standing is thing one only tonight, of As House: White the of out him keep help to now in Chip Trump? President to 20 Jan. on up wake you if feel you will How happen: that let to about not you're world the show to sticker free your Get Trump. Donald. President. name: your Add us. represent don't values his And us. represent don't ideas His us. represent doesn't Trump Donald statistics.” with lie to how of illustration good “A speech: Trump's on criminologist Leading @RyanLizza: RT … speech. convention Trump's about Wizard Grand Klan Klux Ku former the wrote better," it said have "Couldn't @JamilSmith: RT … afraid. was I early. left I Tonight 1984. since conventions political of moment every watched I’ve @MHarrisPerry: RT → nomination accepting after momentum Trump undermines video Damning WATCH: it. let Don't America. Trump's be could This party. Trump's is This … facts." the with jive don't just week the throughout expressed were that fears the of "Some RNC: on Obama Pres. @ABC: RT Again”: Great America "Make says he when means really Trump What -H justice. to responsible those bring to work they as Germany in friends our with stand We Munich. in situation horrific the Monitoring Orlando in memorial nightclub Pulse the at respects paying is Clinton Hillary @albamonica: RT Tampa in —Hillary November." in election an win go to ready be better 'd last the after think "I RNC the on —Hillary care." health or education or jobs about talking time no and me about talking time much so spent they believe to "Hard —Hillary conscience.” your vote and thing right the do election, this was Cruz Ted but words, these say I’d thought never “I solutions. no resentment—but and fear and anger of lot a offered He level. new whole a to it took night last speech Trump’s Donald —Hillary friends." my democracy, a not That's need. we all he's that American an heard never "I've —Hillary alone.'" it fix can 'I said, who someone have didn't we sure make to revolution a had we recall, I "As Trump on —Hillary families." working for speaks he think don’t I women. for speaks he think don’t for speak doesn’t "He —Hillary apart." splintering not together, standing be should country our thinks who anyone for speak doesn’t "He Trump on —Hillary be." to going we’re what that’s and together, stronger are we know I because me, for speak doesn’t sure "He —Hillary are." we than more even us divide to try who leaders are need we thing last this in kindness and love more need "We —Hillary challenges." tough of face the in up give to us known never I've ourselves. on quit to America known never "I've Tampa in —Hillary America." about trash talks who president for running somebody is need we thing last "The —Hillary hate." trumps Love : lead will election this hope I what up sum can I way best "The people. American the offer to has he all it's because night last lie after lie told Trump Donald -H others. for fighting to life his devoted who's man a @TimKaine, mate, running my announce to thrilled I'm it. solve to work the in put you if unsolvable is problem no believes who optimist relentless a is .@TimKaine https… demás-H los por luchar a vida su dedicado ha quien @TimKaine vicepresidencia la a candidato mi anunciar de Encantada @Hillary_esp: RT service. public through difference a make can you that belief the principle: guiding .@TimKaine's … turn: your it's Hillary—now Team joined has @timkaine own Virginia's @HillaryforVA: RT https:/… senator. a and governor, a mayor, a teacher, a lawyer, rights civil a as it showed and heart big a has .@TimKaine @BarbaraBoxer: RT Miami! in tomorrow trail the hit to wait Can’t mate. running her be to honored I’m Hillary. with phone the off got Just @timkaine: RT order. first the of champion gunsense a is @TimKaine Senator @Everytown: RT friend. good a and man good a to Congrats blank. a Drawing @timkaine. hate I ways the count to Trying @JeffFlake: RT States. United the of president vice next the and mate running @TimKaine—Hillary's Meet Kaine: Tim About @NPR: RT … @timkaine: pick VP Clinton's Hillary on @ilyseh president NARAL @NARAL: RT @HillaryClinton! de vicepresidencia la a candidato el ser de ¡Honrado @timkaine: RT f… my to Congrats VP! wonderful a be 'll thoughtful &amp; kind warrior,a joyful a 's incredibly 's He's @clairecmc: RT @TimKaine. team, the to Welcome lifet… my in ticket Presidential qualified most the already is what to experience and knowledge brings @timkaine friend My @SherrodBrown: RT c… safer for fight &amp; both w/you stand to Excited mate! running @hillaryclinton's being on @timkaine friend my to Congrats @GabbyGiffords: RT insurance Americans' million 20 ✓Revoke debt national the to trillion $34 ✓Add wall the ✓Build translated: Trump, -H friend. a you call to @GovernorVA—proud you, Thank like. looks leadership dauntless what is This around. not he's when neighbors his ask like, really someone’s what know to want you If … stage. the take to @TimKaine and @HillaryClinton for awaits eagerly @FIU crowd The @HillaryforFL: RT https://… president. woman a had never has States United the as great as country a why understand doesn't Rania @HillaryforFL: RT → @TimKaine mate, running her with appearance first her in stage the takes Hillary Miami: from Live —Hillary air." fresh of breath a like is day beautiful this on you with here Republican the at saw we everything "After us. of ahead still are days best America’s wrong. he’s but decline, in is America think may Trump Donald —Hillary walls.” not bridges, building about is that One country. our for vision different very a offer we’ll Philadelphia, “In —Hillary guy." of kind my just That’s done. things get to likes who progressive a is not…he are Pence Mike &amp; Trump Donald everything is "Tim Honduras. in missionary a as served @TimKaine firms, prestigious at internships taking were classmates his when school, law During Virginia. in education in invested &amp; salary own his cut Kaine wealthiest. the to cuts tax gave &amp; Indiana in funding education slashed Pence results. delivers and represents he people the for fights he because promotion a him give to voted have best @TimKaine know who people The NRA. the ask Just steel. of backbone a has @TimKaine smile, that Behind mistake: no Make other. each in faith our put man—we one in faith our put never haver Americans it.” fix can alone “I says he when wrong dangerously Trump's reform." justice criminal to equality LGBT to rights voting country—from our facing issues important most the of some on led has "Tim —Hillary House." White the in and trail campaign the on side my by have to person better any of think can’t "I —Hillary " to go Or 47246. to JOIN text and now right phone your out Take us. "Join todos”—@TimKaine. americanos somos porque país nuestro a todos a bienvenidos todos, a bienvenidos “Y @Hillary_esp: RT —@TimKaine disaster.’” 'a military American the calls He Americans? great these about say Trump Donald does "What —@timkaine them." to listens She people. insult doesn’t She Trump. Donald of opposite exact the is Clinton "Hillary @HillaryClinton. sobre @TimKaine venir"—dijo por lucha gran esta en alma de compañeros "Seremos @Hillary_esp: RT lives. people’s in difference a make to can he everything doing in believes he because service public in life his of most spent has Tim —@timkaine optimist.’” an be right, do to want you me…‘if told once mom “My —@timkaine life.” my of decision best the remains, and was, Anne "Marrying Honduras. en experiencia su sobre @TimKaine trabajo"- y familia fe, la de pueblo, mi de valores los "Aprendí @Hillary_esp: RT —Kaine consensus." find to trying &amp; to level—listening local the at started I because it’s life, public in anything at good I’m "If —@timkaine can.” you good the all Do mine: as same the is creed her you, tell I but Methodist, a is Hillary and Catholic, a "I’m —@TimKaine delivered.” always has she And Hillary. in faith and trust their put who’ve people of lot awful an are "There —@timkaine top.” the at those just not everybody, for work economy our make to going "We’re —@TimKaine taxes.” of share fair their pay wealthy the and corporations, and Street, Wall that sure make “We’ll —@TimKaine citizenship.” to path a includes that package reform immigration comprehensive a forward put we’ll days, 100 first the “In violence gun preventing on —@TimKaine loopholes.” close and checks background universal get we not will I and "Hillary —@timkaine election.” an lost never I’ve but run, ever I’ve race statewide every in me against campaigned ’ve the know “I Trump Donald on —@TimKaine Putin.” Vladimir likes He everybody. talk trash doesn’t he right, "You’re Truman Harry quoting —@TimKaine hand.” at job the do to determination unbeatable an and imagination, on courage, on built was "America —@TimKaine States.” United the of president 45th the Clinton Hillary elect and history make go “Let’s support: your show to today sticker your Get team. the to @TimKaine welcome Help mate running Hillary's as speech first his in —@TimKaine do." people tough but last, don't times "Tough @realDonaldTrump on —@MarcoRubio says." he what defend don't "I -H terror. against people Afghan the with stand We demonstrating. peacefully were who dozens killed that Kabul in attack today's by Outraged → there. get us Help 8 Nov. by vote to commit and register to people million 3 goal: Our design. graphic on thoughts some has president for nominee @GOP Your insurance Americans' million 20 ✓Revoke debt national the to trillion $34 ✓Add wall the ✓Build translated: Trump, fraud." outright broken of allegations produce not did that touched he project a find to hard "It's Hillary: Team on him have to proud we're decades—and for @timkaine loved and known have Virginians @HillaryforVA: RT nominee @GOP the on —@TedCruz issue." every on supporters his betray will "Donald —@POTUS president." vice great a make will he And progressive. true a He’s man. good a is "@TimKaine this. than better we're agree you if RT hate. and fear message: convention Trump's speech RNC Trump's Donald on Klan, Klux Ku the of wizard grand former Duke, —David better!" it said have "Couldn't —@TimKaine lives." people’s other on have can you effect positive the by life your can—measure you good the all "Do Libs. Sad! invented: we game new a with fun some had People win. Hillary help to today it Download before. this like app campaign a been never There's backyard. own their in NRA—right the against fight the leading been @TimKaine's decade, a than more For one. day on lead to qualified and progressive not: are Pence Mike and Trump Donald everything is .@TimKaine now: in Tune @VFWHQ. the at speaking Hillary's @VFWHQ the to —Hillary Commander-in-Chief." a choosing also we’re president, a choosing just aren’t "Americans —Hillary must." we when ground our standing and can we where ground common rivals—finding our with wise but firm being in believe "I Trump Donald on —Hillary America.” for love no have who strongmen and dictators praising me hear ever won’t You certain: for thing’s "One crimes. war commit to them order never will who Commander-in-Chief a deserve They honor. with themselves conduct to strive troops Our created.” been ever has that country greatest the yet not are we if as act America…who about talk trash who people understand don’t “I McCain John Senator on —Hillary heroes.” are war of prisoners American all and he that believe "I —Hillary it." reform to going we’re , the privatize to going not are "We them. for died and bled and fought People air. thin of out come didn’t Americans as enjoy we that privileges and freedoms The service." your honors who Commander-in-Chief and president a and country a deserve you our deserves served has who “Everyone smartphone. a is need you All November. in win Hillary help can you are, you where matter No families. working for devastating be would economy our of charge in Trump Donald Putting @TimKaine on –Hillary guy." of kind my just That’s done. things get to likes who progressive a is "He (1/3) Clinton. Hillary for voting be will I but convention, Democratic year’s this attend to able not am I @algore: RT … @TimKaine: mate running Hillary's about saying they're what Read —@SenWarren heart." good a had always has "Tim @HFA: RT live: Watch . historic a off kick to ready We’re started: getting just is The hats. your to on Hold @HFA: RT ht… causes. of champion a is who candidate only the @HillaryClinton, endorses Advocate The @TheAdvocateMag: RT : the at one day of ahead know to need you details the Get too. future, the us—it's watching that's history just not It's hands. right the in is future our sure make Let’s house. White the to Clinton Hillary elect to can we everything do and Trump Donald defeat to got have We @BernieSanders: RT reality. a it making behind—we're left or out left is one no where country a in believe just don't We epidemic. this end to time It's country. our across lives many too destroying is addiction Opioid highlights: some are Here ever. platform party progressive most the for voted @TheDemocrats Tonight, … abuse. substance and addiction about speaks @HillaryClinton that me to means it much how enough say ever cannot I @klyouell: RT together. Karla's like families keep to reform immigration comprehensive need We @Astrid_NV activist —DREAMer Dream.” American the for everything risked we that country this of promise the in deeply so believed family “My —@Astrid_NV Karla’s" like and mine like families talking he’s people, million 11 deporting about talks Trump Donald "When —Karla deported" be would parents my worried was I her told I when me what That’s Brave. "Valiente. Hillary on @Astrid_NV —DREAMer familias” nuestras together, families our keep to fight will she know "I Kar… de la y mía la como separar a refiere se personas, de millones 11 a deportar de habla Trump Donald "Cuando @Hillary_esp: RT courage. such with illness mental with dealing experience your describing for @ddlovato, you, Thank … here: Enter Thursday. on the at Hillary join and history of part a be to chance a have still You @HFA: RT together. stronger and united are we primary, the in supported you who matter No @HFA: RT —@EvaLongoria already.” great pretty is America out turns It Donald? what guess “So : the at stage the takes @CoryBooker as live Watch Booker —Sen. nation." independent and free a be would that world the before declared they and city, very this in gathered forefathers “Our —@CoryBooker just.” more and expansive, more inclusive, more nation our made have Americans heroic of “Generations —@CoryBooker countrywomen.” your and countrymen your loving without country your love can’t you But country. of love is “Patriotism —Booker City.” Atlantic in leads he how see from I’m Well, businesses. his run has he like country our run would he says "Trump —@CoryBooker nation." sum zero a not are we that campaign: this in again time and time betrays Trump Donald what knows Clinton "Hillary —@CoryBooker rise.” will we “America, —@CoryBooker surrender." or retreat not will We fail. or falter not will We America. of States United the are "We —@CoryBooker hate." trumps always love America, in that and interdependence of nation a are we that again declare us "Let … —@CoryBooker intimidation." and fear from Free people. free a be will we that again, declare us "Let @HFA: RT : the at speak @FLOTUS Watch now: Happening —@FLOTUS Clinton." Hillary friend our is that and States, United the of president be to qualified one only is "There —@FLOTUS country." our serve to up stepped proudly didn’t she ago, years 8 nomination the win didn’t she "When —@FLOTUS life." her in anything on quit never has Clinton "Hillary —@FLOTUS together." stronger always are we because other each on lean We other. each to listen we other—no, each against turn don’t "We Hillary on —@FLOTUS her!" with I’m election, this "In —@FLOTUS kids." our for better something leaving about only—it’s thing one and thing one about is presidency the that understands "Hillary —@FLOTUS States.” United the of president be can woman a that granted for take daughters…now my Clinton, Hillary of “Because —@FLOTUS earth." on country greatest the is now, right , isn’t country this that you tell ever anyone let "Don’t —@FLOTUS Clinton." Hillary electing into country this for love our and strength our and passion our of ounce last every pour to need "We —@FLOTUS life." her in anything on quit never has Clinton "Hillary Philadelphia: in the at live @ElizabethForMA Watch —@ElizabethforMA Hillary." with I’m @HillaryClinton. is choice our because today here "We’re @HFA: RT Trump on —Warren off.” them ripped he’s and them, defrauded he’s them, conned He’s times. hard on fallen had who preyed "He Trump on —Warren savings?" life Their homes? Their jobs? their people of millions cost that crash economic an for roots man a of kind "What Trump on —Warren president" be never must who man A workers? cheats investors, cheats students, cheats man a of kind "What –Warren ideas?" actual any hear you wall…did stupid a building about talking than other an than more for spoke "Last Trump on —Warren lesbians." and gays against discriminate openly to legal it make to trying for famous president vice a picked even "He —@ElizabethforMA hate.” and fear of America America—an Trump’s Donald “That’s —@ElizabethforMA system.” rigged a against back fight to unite can’t we other, each on turn we "When —@ElizabethforMA ever!” not now, America—not hate-filled Trump’s Donald be to going not “We’re —@ElizabethForMA president.” next the Clinton Hillary make to out hearts our work let’s then together, stronger are we believe you “If @POTUS. more, agree Couldn’t —@ElizabethForMA infomercial.” Trump late-night more, one just is campaign entire "Trump’s → @DemConvention the address @BernieSanders Watch now: Happening h… victim University Trump and mom single Lankford, —Cheryl himself." but anyone helping him see can't "I @TheBriefing2016: RT —@BernieSanders leadership." their for Biden President Vice and Obama President thank I and years 1/2 7 last the in way long a come have "We —@BernieSanders States.” United the of president next the become must Clinton "Hillary —@BernieSanders poverty." in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works country this in someone if that " —@BernieSanders United.” Citizens overturn to prepared are who Court Supreme the to justices nominate will Clinton “Hillary —@BernieSanders 'hoax.'” a is change climate that believes He science. reject to chooses he Republicans, most like Well, Trump? "Donald —Bernie strengths" greatest our of one is diversity our that another, after group one insulting busy is " —@BernieSanders children.” of rights the for advocate fierce a as her know and Senate States United the in her with served "I —@BernieSanders tonight.” her with stand to proud am I and president outstanding an make will Clinton "Hillary —@FLOTUS president.” be can woman a that granted for it take my Clinton, Hillary of “Because before." president female a been never has there that ridiculous is "It night last @DemConvention the at —@CoryBooker invincible." are we indivisible, are we "When here: missed you what on up Catch books. the in is Convention Democratic the of one Day Democrat. a be to proud you made night last if RT … @MalcolmKenyatta : at today @HillaryClinton nominate help will who delegates PA our of one Meet @HillaryforPA: RT leaders. KKK back doesn't or does candidate the whether to as ambiguity much isn't there campaigns, most On → campaign this in involved get can you how Here's @FLOTUS. heard You party: political major a of nominee presidential woman first the become Hillary Watch —@SenatorBarb results.” get to wants Hillary but rant, to want people “Some —@RepJohnLewis forward." going are we back, going not are we and progress, much too made have “We president for Hillary nominating on —@RepJohnLewis again.” ceiling glass that shatter will we “Tonight, story: Jerry's Read 102. is delegate oldest Hillary's @HFA: RT it.#… of full completely not I'm president) (even wants she what be can she daughter my tell I when Now real. very are tears The @sjbxtr: RT —@RepJohnLewis president!” for candidate party the as Clinton Hillary for nomination the second to pleased am "I … Woman! American an be to day Great POTUS!!! woman first the of year the be will 2016 but years 240 took It @RandiBrazeau: RT Hill.” you, for one’s “This right… support your voice to 47246 to HILLARY Text home! from in join can You @DemConvention. the at underway is The @HFA: RT history. some make to ready Getting History. together. Stronger big. dreams who girl little every for is moment This history. made We @HFA: RT Carter. President you, Thank Hamilton Dontre of mother Hamilton, —Maria unite." Let's build. "Let's mother. Bland’s Sandra Reed-Veal, —Geneva forgotten” not but gone children our of many So gone… was daughters, five of fourth my “Sandy, Fulton —Sybrina heaven” in is who Martin, Trayvon son, my for today here am I have. would us of None this. for up signed have not would “I loss. this feel to have should mother No —@CecileRichards election.” this in ballot the on and line the on are rights and health Women's it: about mistake no "Make @LenaDunham and —@AmericaFerrera hate!” trumps Love declare: "Let’s —@BarbaraBoxer alleys." back in died women when days dark the to back going not are We Pence: Mike and Trump "Donald Manning Lauren survivor, —9/11 through.” came she and line, the on was life my when her trusted "I —@Madeleine Chief." Commander-in- next our becomes Hillary that sure make to can we everything do must we fall, "This —@Madeleine heart." big a also but head, cool a show. reality TV a hosting like not is security and freedom "Safeguarding Hillary on —@BillClinton history." in moment this for person qualified best the is "She : the at stage the take @BillClinton Watch this. miss to want won’t You Hillary on —@BillClinton Rights.” Civil and Political on class a we her saw I time first The girl. a met I 1971 of spring the “In Hillary meeting on —@BillClinton speechless.” momentarily was I not, or it believe you whether that, surprised and impressed so was "I —@BillClinton since.” ever together laughing and talking and walking been We’ve Museum. Art Yale the to me with walk a take to her asked "I Rodham Dorothy mother, Hillary’s on —@BillClinton me.” to gifts greatest Hillary’s of one was her "Knowing —@BillClinton Center.” Study Child the at working school, law in year extra an that issues children’s in involved so became "She Hillary on —@BillClinton voters.” Mexican-American registered Texas…and South to down went she "Then Hillary on —@BillClinton abilities.” their on based them empower to tried She disabilities. with people of fun made never “She —@BillClinton potential.” their and themselves in believe to students her encouraging teaching, enjoyed "Hillary Hillary on —@BillClinton was.” she caring and loving and strong and smart of…how awe in still was I friend. best my married “I born being Chelsea on —Bill world” the in mother best the had daughter my that my of moment greatest the was "It —@BillClinton service.” public of world new whole a to eyes my opened “Hillary Arkansas of lady first as education rural on work Hillary’s on judge Arkansas —an Clinton.” wrong the elected we like me to “Looks —@BillClinton seen.” I’ve changemaker darn best the she’s and organizer, good a she’s leader, natural a she’s curious, insatiably "She’s Hillary on —@BillClinton forward.” ball the move to wants always She quo. status the with satisfied been never had woman “This coverage health get kids million 8 helping Hillary on —@BillClinton does.” she what That’s changemaker. a “She’s run Senate Hillary’s on —@BillClinton down.” him let didn’t She Kennedy. Robert outsider, another by held once seat the to her elected "NY —@BillClinton Israel." and Hamas between war shooting a avoid to ceasefire a get to East Middle the to Cambodia from night all flew "She Hillary on —@BillClinton Laden.” bin Osama after go to decision Obama’s President backed “She —@BillClinton effort.” counter-terrorism global new a built and online terrorists against back fight to team a launched "She —@BillClinton can’t." You Cleveland? in opponent their of painted Republicans the picture the with you told I things the square you do "How Hillary on —@BillClinton known.” ever have I changemaker darn best the still is "She —@BillClinton it.” doing lifetime a spent she because it know You together. stronger us make will “Hillary @DemConvention @HillaryClinton supporting friends + me WATCH: @ElizabethBanks: RT Streep —Meryl president." great a be will she And president. woman first our be will Clinton “Hillary —Hillary yet.” ceiling glass that in crack biggest the put just We —@FLOTUS pressure." under buckles never she that is Hillary about most admire I "What made. History https://… air! hot the brought who one the You're it. for them pay should you &amp; fine is AC Roanoke Hotel the .@realDonaldTrump @timkaine: RT now. right relevant particularly seem that @FLOTUS from thoughts few A @TheBriefing2016: RT https… espionage." conduct to power foreign a encouraged actively has candidate presidential major a that time first "The @rosenbergerlm: RT man?" a as much as paid be you'll president, you're when think you "Do Hillary, asked girl young A in. all it Taking @timkaine: RT —@BillClinton it." doing lifetime a spent she’s because it know You together. stronger us make will "Hillary … nomination Clinton’s Hillary celebrating grandmas their of photos sharing are People @BuzzFeed: RT Hillary on —@BillClinton known.” ever have I maker change darn best the still is "She highlights: the are Here ceiling. glass hardest highest, that in yet crack biggest the put we night, Last —@FLOTUS children." nation's our to devotion lifelong her seen 've Hillary trust "I years 12 in stage the take to HIV with living speaker first the is Driffin Daniel @HRC: RT https://… known. ever I've changemaker darn best the still is @HillaryClinton why night last tell to proud So @billclinton: RT photos: in Hillary, and Bill of story The —Hillary immoral." is Flint in happened What both. is it though wrong, or unacceptable merely not is "This be… will it falls, barrier that Once last. our be not will she But president. woman 1st our be may Clinton "Hillary @emilyslist: RT —@SenatorReid corner." your in stand Democrats life: better a kids your give to fighting families "Middle-class —@SenatorReid happen!" that let won’t We security. middle-class of pillars the down tear to want "Republicans … at livestream the Watch action? tonight's into tuning Just @DemConvention: RT … NMI —Janet, president.'" female first our nominated we was 'I say, and back look she'll day one "Maybe @HFA: RT —@MartinOMalley come." they as tough as is Clinton Hillary that you tell to here am "I —@MartinOMalley House!" White hers—the in woman tough a and place his in racist bully, a put to time "It’s issues.”—@JerryBrownGov big the on us for fights She stuff. does Hillary talks, and talks and talks Trump “While —@JerryBrownGov change.” climate combat to needed what’s do will Clinton Hillary President office, in day first her “From —@JerryBrownGov fraud.” a is Trump say I hoax. a is warming global says "Trump son,… her and her with is heart My people. especially Americans, all for strength of symbol a is Leinonen Christine @dominiclowell: RT side. your by standing all We're Christine. you, Thank —@ChrisMurphyCT lobby.” gun the from back Washington take to pledged Clinton Hillary and NRA, the to up stood “She —@ChrisMurphyCT this.” change can massacres…We cascading of trajectory horrifying the about helpless feel to reason no is “There violence. gun reduce help to need you information the get and laws gun our in loopholes dangerous the about learn to 47246 to LAWS Text htt… together. back, fight to us for time It's America. in violence gun unrelenting the of had have We @ChrisMurphyCT: RT —@ChrisMurphyCT lobby!” gun the from back Washington take to time is “It Smegielski —Erica lobby.” gun the behind cower politicians many too while mother my without here "I’m Smegielski —Erica mom." my with day more one just for left have I that day single every give would "I violence gun of victims the on —@ImAngelaBassett enough” not is that but names, their say “We Hillary on —@ShuttleCDRKelly expedient.” politically is what not nation, our for right is what do will she president, "As —@GabbyGiffords done.” things get women Strong lesson: powerful a learned I Congress, "In —@GabbyGiffords Hillary!” for voting I'm why That’s lobby. gun the to up stand will she House, White the "In —@GabbyGiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for difficult is "Speaking Dem… some elect go Let's me. with you need I and Day, Election until months 4 than less got We've folks. back, be to good It’s @JoeBiden: RT leadership… the Exactly people. working Understands Steady. Clear-eyed. Room. Situation the &amp; Senate the in Hillary seen I've @JoeBiden: RT https://t.… serve. to chance the for Grateful results. gets Hillary results—and deliver can you if is politics in matters What @timkaine: RT love. is now needs world the What @JoeBiden on –@DrBiden heart.” the of matter a always is politics best, its at knows "He → stage the take @POTUS and @TimKaine, @JoeBiden, as Facebook on live of three night Watch —@JoeBiden journey.” incredible this on them join to us asking for Michelle and Barack to grateful we’re day "Every @FLOTUS and @POTUS on —@JoeBiden incredible.” are Michelle…you me—and and Jill to brother a become “He’s —@JoeBiden Hillary." know about—I passionate she’s what know I But tough. she’s knows Everybody smart. she’s knows "Everybody —@JoeBiden education." an child qualified a getting than more lot a about is loan college a that understands "Hillary —@JoeBiden Office." Oval the into walks Clinton Hillary when granddaughters and daughters our for mean will it what understand all "We —@JoeBiden story" life’s Clinton's Hillary there…that’s been always who’s there, be will who race this in person one only "There’s Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden fired.'" famous—'you’re made he proud phrase…he’s the in up summed be can compassion and empathy of lack "His Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden malarkey." of bunch a That’s break. a me Give class? middle the about cares he says “He —Biden clue—period." no has he Actually, great. America makes what about clue no has “He class… middle the about clue a have "doesn’t Trump Trump on —Biden security" deal to prepared less been or less known has nation this of history the in nominee party major "No Trump on —@JoeBiden Americans—period.” as happen that let cannot simply gain…we own his for America in division sow to seeks who man “A —@JoeBiden crisis.” with confronted when break never We bend. never We bow. never We easily. scare not do "We Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden malarkey!" of bunch a That’s break. a me Give class? middle the about cares he says “He —@MikeBloomberg States.” United the of President next the as Clinton Hillary elect we that imperative an is it believe "I race this in stakes the on —@MikeBloomberg demagogue." dangerous a defeat can who candidate the around unite must "We Trump Donald on —@MikeBloomberg father.” my from check million $1 a with it start didn’t I and business, a built "I —@MikeBloomberg thrower." bomb a not solver, problem a is who president a need we believe "I —@MikeBloomberg us!" help God business. his run he’s like nation the run to wants he says "Trump —@MikeBloomberg choice." that make to afford can't we and choice, radical and reckless, risky, a is Trump is line bottom "The —@MikeBloomberg reality!" is this television, reality not is this that understands Clinton "Hillary —@MikeBloomberg hypocrisy." his is Trump Donald about thing richest "The —Tim Annella." and Woody Nat, children: wonderful three my and Anne wife beautiful my thank to want "I @timkaine: RT —Tim States!" United the of president vice be to nomination party's my accept humbly "I @timkaine: RT https://… carpentry." &amp; welding kids taught I Honduras. in missionaries Jesuit with volunteer to school law off year a took "I @timkaine: RT —Tim Party!" Democratic the in here right you for home a got we've Lincoln, of Party that for looking are you of any "If @timkaine: RT país"–@t… nuestro en aquí latina comunidad la de valores mismos Los trabajo. y familia fe, pueblo: del valores los "Aprendí @Hillary_esp: RT —Tim do.” people last—tough don't times tough hey, but 1930s, the since recession deepest the through state my steer to had “I @timkaine: RT Clinton… Hillary that senator a fantastic how you tell will listening, is nobody sure made they've "Republican @timkaine: RT keep… to Hillary trusts She deported? be would parents her feared who Monday on from heard we girl little the Karla, Remember @timkaine: RT —@TimKaine himself!" It's too. passion, a has Trump Donald families. and kids for passion a has "Hillary stiffed. got all They succeed. them help would he said he when Trump Donald believed students University Trump of Thousands @timkaine: RT mouth." Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, @timkaine: RT j… the for ready she’s proven who’s candidate The job. the with trusted be can she proven who's candidate the elect better "We @timkaine: RT tog… stronger we're knows she because ready She's experience. her of because ready She's heart. her of because ready Hillary's @timkaine: RT —@TimKaine mouth.” Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, —@TimKaine lead." to Ready win. to Ready fight. to Ready ready. is "Hillary go! to ready up, Fired —@POTUS time." first very the for convention this addressed I tonight, ago years "Twelve —@POTUS faith.” with filled was I but crowd, big a such addressing nervous little a in time first that young so was "I —@POTUS future" the about optimistic more even am I you tell to president, your as terms two almost after tonight, again you before stand "I —@POTUS everybody.” for right a is It few. a for privilege a not is America in care health that declared we trying, of century a "After —@POTUS Laden." bin Osama to justice delivered we and families, their to home troops our of more brought "We —@POTUS land.” the across reality a now is equality marriage and limits, no has love that learned “America —@POTUS started.” we when was it than prosperous more and stronger is country our measures, many so “By —@POTUS raise.” a or job good a of need in still American every for do to work More do. to work more have still “We —@POTUS equal.” created are us of all creed—that founding our to up living or union our perfecting done not "We’re —@POTUS experiment” American great this to true stay we choice fundamental more a is election…this typical your not is “This convention GOP week’s last on —@POTUS other.” each against turn we where country a of vision pessimistic deeply a was heard we “What —@POTUS generous.” and decent is know I America The ingenuity. and optimism, and courage, of full is know I America "The —@POTUS America.” with right is what is anything, than more seen, also I’ve country…what this traveled I’ve “As —@POTUS together.” stronger are we that believe who faith every background, every party, every of Americans is see I "What —@POTUS Clinton.” Hillary States United the of president next barriers, down break to plans real with leader “A election 2008 the on —@POTUS heels.” in backwards was it Rogers, Ginger like just but was, I everything doing was “She —@POTUS decisions.” those of part been she’s room; the in been Hillary’s Office…but Oval the of demands the for you prepares truly “Nothing Hillary on —@POTUS Laden” bin Osama out took that mission the of favor in argued forcefully and Room Situation the in me with sat “She Hillary on —@POTUS quits." ever never, She down. her knock to try people much how matter No odds. the daunting how matter "No —@POTUS America.” of States United the of president as serve to Clinton Hillary than qualified more woman a or man a been never has “There —@POTUS president.” vice great a be will He know. I anyone as servant, public a committed and humble as man, a good as is Kaine “Tim —@POTUS vote!” boo, "Don't —@POTUS either.” guy facts a really not guy, plans a really not He’s Trump. Donald there’s “Then —@POTUS serve.” they people the by but leaders, by just not world, the around respected is Clinton "Hillary —@POTUS destroyed.” is ISIL until relent won’t Hillary know "I Hillary on —@POTUS Commander-in-Chief.” next the be to ready is she and fit is "She —@POTUS weak.” is America suggests disaster…he a military our calls Trump Donald "Meanwhile, —@POTUS Trump.” Donald on depend not does greatness, our strength, our you, promise I &amp; strong already is America great. already is "America —@POTUS fix.'" can he only that scene' crime divided 'a it calls Trump Donald hill.' a on city shining 'a America called Reagan "Ronald —@POTUS destiny." own our shape to capacity The birthright. our That’s are. we who "That’s —@POTUS together.” us, by achieved be can what about been always It’s us. for do he’ll says person one what about been never has "America Hillary on —@POTUS other.” each in ourselves see and other, each to listen to have we happen, to progress for that knows "She —@POTUS contain.” ever will wall no something is Dream American “The —@POTUS between.” in days the all but year, election an during just it—not want gotta we but America, works, "Democracy —@POTUS done.” job the get they until accountable them hold then and ticket, the down and up Democrats for vote and out get to need all "We —@POTUS president." as serve to Clinton Hillary than qualified more woman a or man a been never has "There —@POTUS noticed." always haven’t we if even us, for there been She’s arena. the in woman that is Clinton "Hillary —@POTUS can.’” we 'yes about It’s will.' he 'yes about isn’t America sport. spectator a isn’t “Democracy —@POTUS own.” our on are we than together stronger people, one as it, embrace we it, shape we future; the fear don’t "We —@POTUS me.” carried you way same the her carry to you ask I me. for did you what Clinton Hillary for do to you ask I "Tonight, —@POTUS hope.” about talked I when ago, years twelve about talking was I who “You’re —@POTUS baton.” the pass to ready I’m now And years. eight past these hope that vindicated have you "America, —@POTUS president” next the as Clinton Hillary elect to us; in best what’s summon reject to me, join to you asking "I’m —@POTUS America!" of States United the bless God going. it keep Let’s journey. incredible this for you "Thank @POTUS. back, you love We us of All From: @POTUS To: @HFA: RT me.” carried you way same the her carry to you ask I me. for did you what Clinton Hillary for do to you ask "I house: the down brought @POTUS ticket—and the to @TimKaine welcomed officially the three, day On baton. the pass to Ready —@POTUS quits." ever never, she down, her knock to try people much how matter no odds; the daunting how matter "No … minute: a than less in Trump Donald with wrong that's about lot whole a up sum Bloomberg Michael Watch @TheBriefing2016: RT … down. you let won't I president. vice for nomination Democratic the accept to life my of honor the was It @timkaine: RT https://t… remarks! my are Here rights. LGBT for fight who all and watched who all to Thanks @SarahEMcBride: RT https:… —@DoloresHuerta. trabajadores” mujeres, humanos, derechos los por vida mi toda luchado he que igual “Al @Hillary_esp: RT throwed. stay won't @HillaryClinton — @RepCleaver to listen better You @MoDemParty: RT Hillary on —@Clairecmc life.” my of tests toughest the of one during strength me gave words “Her nomination. the accepts officially Hillary as the at look exclusive an for in Tune happening. all It's … NC 21, —Ebony, well." as it see to getting finally are grandma my and mom my and history, through living "I'm @HFA: RT night. last back nothing exactly holding —@JoeBiden, malarkey!" of bunch a "That's @TheBriefing2016: RT forget. never we'll night A —@JenGranholm children." our are These us. of all hurts it children, its poisons water Flint's "When Barber William —Rev. wrong." vs. right are they conservative, vs. liberal or right vs. left not are issues "Some → nomination the accepts officially Hillary before @DemConvention the at look exclusive an Get live: Watch stage: the takes Hillary before floor the from latest the Get -H possible. moment this made who everyone to grateful so I’m president. for nomination your accept and out head to About —@KatyPerry too." Hillary love right—I "That's ready. Getting —@ChelseaClinton daughter.” proud very very, a particular, in tonight, and mother, proud a Democrat, proud a American, proud a as here "I’m proud. So —@ChelseaClinton isn’t.” there family, that for mother, that for that knows she because lose to moment a isn’t there like feels always "She —@ChelseaClinton for.” fighting she’s who forgets ever never, she because It’s how: it?…Here’s do she does How time: the all me ask "People —@ChelseaClinton world.” the around and home at rights…here human are rights women’s knows woman…who a for voting I’m November, “This —@ChelseaClinton tonight.” you of proud so so, be would Grandma "Mom, —@ChelseaClinton me.” for there always always, was she life, her in happening was what of "Regardless —Hillary become." you’ve woman the of proud so and mother your be to proud so am I you. thank "Chelsea, —Hillary strong.” going still is it ago, years 45 library law the in started we conversation that "Bill, —Hillary Obama.” Barack hope, of man the And Clinton. Bill Hope, from man the heard “We —Hillary friendship." his of because better am I and leadership, Obama's President of because stronger is "America —Hillary people." working to commitment party’s our about heart big his from spoke He from…@JoeBiden. heard "We —Hillary president." vice our as proud country whole the make @'ll know to getting just are who there out you of those "For —Hillary Americans.” of millions inspired campaign your Bernie, Sanders. Bernie thank to want "I @BernieSanders on —Hillary you." heard I've know, to you want I country: the around and here supporters your of all "To —Hillary belong.” they where center and front issues justice social and economic put you’ve “@BernieSanders, —Hillary together.” stronger are we that truth enduring the embraced Founders "Our —Hillary together.” rise all can we so together work to going we’re whether decide to have “We other." each fear and future the fear to us wants divide to wants He convention. his at week last answer Trump’s Donald heard "We Trump on —Hillary America.’” in 'Midnight to America’ in 'Morning from way, long a Party Republican the taken "He's itself.” fear is fear to have we thing only “The ago: years 80 than more Trump Donald to rebuke perfect the with up came FDR —Hillary one." get can job good a wants who everyone where economy an build will we wall—instead, a build not will "We —Hillary terrorism." defeat and fight to allies our and Americans all with work will religion—we a ban not will "We —Hillary had." ever we've people young generous and tolerant most the have We world. the in people diverse and dynamic most the have "We do. takes—we it what have don’t we you tell anyone let Don’t not. weak—we’re is country our that you tell anyone let Don’t —Hillary Cleveland." in words Trump’s Donald actually were those Yes, it.’ fix can alone 'I says who anyone believe "Don’t —Hillary together!’” it fix ‘We’ll say, They it.' fix can alone 'I say, don’t "Americans —Hillary alone.” totally country a lift or community a heal business, a build family, a raise can us of "None —Hillary been." always we’ve country the for principle guiding a It’s campaign. our for slogan a just Together’ "'Stronger —Hillary president!" for nomination your accept I that promise America’s in confidence boundless and determination, humility, with is "It —Hillary part." 'public' the than me to easier come always has part 'service' the service, public of years these all "Through —Hillary States!” United the of president for nomination your accept "I —Hillary up." other each lift and other each for out look to have We alone. life through gets one "No —Hillary laws." and hearts both change to have you progress, real drive To enough. not is caring "Simply deal." big a It’s family. your it’s if kid, your it’s if detail a just not it’s of details the sweat I true: "It’s Americans." all successful…for the and striving the struggling, the For Independents. and Republicans, Democrats, for president a be will "I —Hillary president." for woman a nominated has party major a that time first a reached "We’ve —Hillary limit." the sky’s the ceilings, no are there for way the clears it anyone, for America, in falls barrier any "When —Hillary people.” working of party the are we “Democrats, States." United the in here right wages rising with jobs good more and opportunity more create to be will president as mission primary "My —Hillary should." it way the working isn't democracy our because should it way the working isn't economy our that believe "I —Hillary House!” White the to us with voices your of all carry will I help, your “With —Hillary United!” Citizens overturn to amendment constitutional a pass “We'll —Hillary other." the with slips pink out give and hand one with breaks tax take to wrong "It’s —Hillary jobs." energy clean good-paying of millions creating while planet our save can we that and real is change climate that believe "I out." them kick to inhumane and self-defeating be would it economy, our to contributing immigrants hardworking of millions have we "When —Hillary do." to thing right the it’s and together, families keep and economy our grow will reform immigration "Comprehensive —Hillary us." join bonuses, executive pad not workers, their with profits share should companies that believe you "If —Hillary us!” join decisions, care heath own her make to right woman's a protect and Security Social expand should we believe you "If —Hillary us!” join pay, equal deserve daughter or sister, wife, mother, working your that believe you “If —Hillary all." for debt-free and class middle the for tuition-free college make to together work will I and Sanders "Bernie —Hillary it.” do to able be should you it, dream can you if America, In banks. of lots parking the in die dreams many too “Way —Hillary in!” me deal then card, woman the playing is leave family paid and care child affordable for fighting "If —Hillary us!” join care, health affordable to right the has America in child &amp; woman man, every that believe you "If —Hillary bills" his pay to refused Trump Donald because everything lost who businesses small and contractors find will City…you Atlantic "In —Hillary: vote!” boo, Don’t night: last said president the what "Remember Michigan." not Mexico, in suits Trump Colorado. not China, in ties Trump make to him leads First America of part what me to explain "Please —Hillary again." America in things making actually by start could he again—well, great America make to wants he says Trump "Donald —Hillary priority.” highest my be will work that do who people the honoring and safe nation our "Keeping —Hillary commitments" their to accountable country every hold to have we Now agreement. climate global a shaped we that proud "I'm —Hillary don't.” you Donald, No, do.' generals the than ISIS about more know 'I quote, a is this and says, Trump "Donald —Hillary country." our serve to lives their risk who women and men the respect should president "A crisis." real a facing Office Oval the in him presidential a of rough-and-tumble the handle even can't Trump "Donald —Hillary weapons." nuclear with trust can we man a not is tweet a with bait can you man "A —Hillary lobby." gun the of pocket the in who’s president a have to afford can’t also we safe, country our keeping about serious we’re "If —Hillary place.” first the in gun a have shouldn't who someone by shot be to you want don't just I guns. your away take to here not "I'm shoes. other’s each in Walking other. each Hearing other. each to listening start to need We —Hillary country.” our in divides the heal to have We here. ground common find can't we believe to refuse "I disposable. are lives their feel and racism systemic of effects the face who people Latino &amp; black young of shoes the in ourselves put Let’s —Hillary it.” is This Trump. Donald other no is There truth: sad the “Here's —Hillary promises.” empty offering he’s change, real offering not Trump's Donald bombast. and bigotry the with “Enough —Hillary alone.” it do us…can of None stronger. and fairer, freer, country our make to together come has Americans of generation Every Dorothy mom, her from advice on —Hillary bullies." to up stand to have You right. was any from down back me let never "She right" for fighting keep working, keep to me urging voice her hear still I And day. every her miss I but ago years few a mother our lost "We Americans!" fellow my together stronger be let's So choose. to ours is destiny America's Yes, do. we what watching is world the "Yes, together. stronger always we’re America, In Twitter… the get (She'll @POTUS. next our be should Hillary why That's quits. never She ready. She's tested. She's speech. Great @POTUS: RT you. Thank together. this, win go Let's husband. her president—and next The children." beloved our for tomorrow better a build Let’s confidence. and courage with future the to look "Let’s … about. is election this what That's another. one serve and can you good the all Do belief: basic this share We @timkaine: RT ticket: Democratic official the as rally campaign first their at Philadelphia in stage the take @TimKaine &amp; Hillary Obama." Barack hope, of man the &amp; Clinton Bill Hope, from man the heard We ! an such been has "This started?" all it where than campaign this off kick to place better what So America. to case our make to days 100 have we tomorrow, of “As —Hillary together." stronger are We know: we what knew they because nation one create to together came Founders "Our —Hillary: top." the at those just not everyone, for work economy this make to got "We've —Hillary America.” in everyone liberates it America, in barrier a down knock we time every believe I Trump, Donald to “Contrary story: his told parents his night, Last unit. his saved actions his when values our of best the embodied Khan Capt. -H easier. voting make to fighting keep Let’s law. discrimination voter NC a down struck just Circuit 4th the as democracy for victory Big action: blocking stop to Republicans for critical more even it’s FL, in Zika of transmission local first the With books. history the for Headlines president. becoming from him stop to days 102 have We America. of picture divisive dark, a painted has Trump Donald balloons.) were (There Thursday. on president for nomination Democratic the accepted Hillary Khan. Humayun Captain Army by set example the than further no look need you America, of best the see to want you If … interview the for @TheLastWord to in Tune Trump. repudiate to Ryan Paul and McConnell Mitch asks Watch: @MSNBC: RT everyone. for way the clears it America, in falls barrier any When That… programs. critical these strengthen &amp; protect must We law. into Medicaid &amp; Medicare signed Johnson Pres 1965, in Today @Ann_OLeary: RT → tour bus @TimKaine's and Hillary from updates live Get week. this trail the on Tim and her join to happy so and Hillary of proud Incredibly @billclinton: RT manufacturing: and innovation discuss @TimKaine and Hillary as PA Johnstown, from in Listen —Hillary nomination." Party’s Democratic the accept to humbled and grateful incredibly was I Thursday, "On succeed: to chance a people our give to need just We world. the in workers productive most the have We Cleveland. in convention Republican the at words Trump’s Donald actually were Those it.” fix can alone “I says who anyone believe Don’t together?” this fix to going we are how “Ok, say: We it.” fix can alone “I say: don’t Americans economy.” American the saving for deserve they credit the get Biden President Vice &amp; Obama President think don’t “I speech: convention Trump’s on —Hillary solutions.” zero offered and minutes 75 for spoke Trump “Donald II: War World since jobs good-paying new, in investment biggest the make to going We're America. in things making actually by start could he Well, again." great America "make to wants he says Trump Donald saying. without go should really That otherwise. or retired generals, our deride and insult shouldn’t Commander-in-Chief Our them. salute we and America, of best the represent family his and Khan Captain great. country this made always have people American The remember. to night A pra… should we Together, hero. a is Khan Capt. respect. and honor with parents: Star Gold about talk to way one only There's @JohnKasich: RT Senate: the of women the Meet same. the is call their but vary, may paths Their remains." work much so progress, our "Despite convention: party a at speak to person trans first the McBride, Sarah https://… families their denigrates Trump country. this to life their give that those of sacrifice" the by "guided is Hillary @jmurray20: RT @JoeBiden. you, Thank … Trump. Donald for words some has she and Muslim, is she mother, Star Gold a is She @TheDemocrats: RT https:… Hyde. of repeal includes understands he which agenda, policy Hillary's to committed fully he’s clear made also He’s @mayaharris_: RT trip. Road 2016: in Hillary endorsing they're why Here's 2012. in @MittRomney endorsed @HoustonChron The can. we people the all for can, we places the all in can, we ways the all in can, we good the all Do right. you’re Khan—and Mrs. inspiring, is courage Your Trump: Donald on perspective personal some with family Star Gold another Meet DNC. the out close to benediction the to listen families their and @TimKaine, Hillary, as backstage Watch sea. by if like land, by if RT more be would approach Trump's assumed of Kind @TheBriefing2016: RT ceiling. glass a shattered We about. is America what us reminded family Muslim A down. house the brought .@FLOTUS @votevets) (via know.” never will you sacrifice a is “Ours Trump: to write families Star Gold 17 @kylegriffin1: RT … @DAVHQ at —@POTUS families." Star Gold our than security and freedom our for more given one—has one—no "No @WhiteHouse: RT @realDonaldTrump? pigeons, carrier not Why -TK home. be to happy so I'm @HillaryClinton, with trail the on week exciting an After Virginia! Hello, @HillaryforVA: RT @TheFix @JakeSherman @LauraWalkerKC weekend. the over attack @realDonaldTrump to responds .@IAFFLocal5 @IAFFTreg: RT family. her for needed she money of out her scammed company Trump's country. our serving died husband Cheryl's … too." audit under "I'm taxes. his release to Trump challenges Buffett, Warren person, richest 4th World's IN: JUST @CNBCnow: RT far: thus veterans treated he's how Here's Commander-in-Chief. our be to wants Trump → Pennsylvania and Ohio through tour bus @TimKaine's and Hillary on along Tag trip: Road DNC. the from moments best the Watch more: and Hillary, Tim, Bill, Elizabeth, Bernie, Joe, Michelle, Barack, scenario." any almost under economy stronger a in result "will policies Hillary's says advisor McCain former A them. pay to supposed are you work, the in puts someone when .@realDonaldTrump, … them to means president woman a electing what describe at Men Wonderful: @ChelseaClinton: RT Democrat: a be to proud you make will that week past the from moments 12 RNC The hope. &amp; love diversity, with America—filled of picture bright a painted The country. our for “sacrificed” he’s says who man a from This president" as serve to "unfit is He Trump: Donald rebukes strongly Obama President @CNN: RT both! got She set). Lego Wars Star a (and Hillary meet to was birthday seventh her for wanted Kauveri All alone. term one million—in create would plan Hillary's jobs. million lose would economy our Trump, Under no… is Virginia rally. VA a of out baby a kicked he Today, family. VA Star Gold a Then Roanoke. Hotel the attacked Trump First @timkaine: RT seriously this No, @TheBriefing2016: RT nation. our across pay equal deserve Women Massachusetts. in equity pay on forward step important An … it. about easy Nothing Heart. Purple the awarded are you when looks usually one how is this .@realdonaldtrump, @TammyforIL: RT apologizes… he until start cant that And one. like act to needs he Chief, in Commander the be to wants @realDonaldTrump If @Dakota_Meyer: RT 8: November on make we choice the on depend that things 98 are Here Day. Election until days 98 Just missed: probably you that Convention Democratic the from moments memorable 22 presidents': former to compare words Trump's How war." love "I Trump: terrible." is best, its at "War, Lincoln: America. in products his making by start should he again," great America "making about serious is Trump If taxes. in share fair their pay top the at those sure making by starts everyone for work economy our Making fired. You're workers: to message Trump's Donald use. could he manufacturers US 100 found and went we so America, in products his make to hard too it's thinks Trump way." certain a in war, love "I Trump: @PostOpinions via family." our is family Khan The Iraq. in commander Khan’s Capt. was "I @washingtonpost: RT —Hillary top.” the at those just not everybody, for work economy this make gotta "We Absolutely! them? meet we Can Sure. challenges? have we Do are. we who not is That America: of view pessimistic negative, a showed RNC The —Hillary Commander-in-Chief.” be to unfit and unqualified is Trump Donald that mind my in doubt no is "There weapons. nuclear near anywhere be shouldn’t tweet a by provoked be can who Anyone lands. public America’s protect and defend will I president As vote: to citizens American more million 3 register to goal a setting are We —Hillary: reform.” safety gun commonsense for lobby gun the on take will "I succeed. to chance a them give to need just We world. the in workers competitive and productive most the have We 2016: in Hillary endorsed they why Here’s president. for nominee GOP the backs always almost @HoustonChron The @POTUS. birthday, Happy II. War World since jobs good-paying creating in investment largest The needs: economy our What —@POTUS free." more all are we equal, is everybody when that idea The about: is feminism century 21st what "That’s USA. THE except) everywhere about (just IN MADE is merchandise Trump's of Most @TheBriefing2016: RT low. new a hits @realDonaldTrump week, Every Commander-in-Chief. be to unfit temperamentally is he and president, be to qualified not is Trump Donald weapons: nuclear near anywhere be not should tweet a with provoke can you who Anyone Nevada: in —Hillary up." sign go please citizen, American an as eligible you're and registered, not you're "If backstage: from footage never-before-seen the watch Now, Convention. Democratic the saw You card: his Sign birthday. happy a @POTUS Wish so… not is one other The positive. very is One running. candidates two the about opinions strong very have obviously "I Obama: @kenvogel: RT https://… judgment" own your "Make weapons: nuclear US with trusted be could Trump whether on Obama @CNNPolitics: RT though.) calls, your take not might (He @realDonaldTrump. binder, a with guy a know We village. a takes It alone. country a lift or community, a heal business, a build family, a raise can us of None Convention. Democratic the at backstage @POTUS with interview exclusive an Watch guess. you let We'll policies. foreign many share and much so other each praise Putin and Trump why know don't We Seven. Magnificent the team: gymnastics women's medal-winning gold first-ever Our … → months 77 past the over jobs million 15 added have businesses Our news: Good @WhiteHouse: RT Morell —Michael security." national our to threat a pose well may he but job, the for unqualified only not is "Trump @NAHJ: the and @NABJ the with live speak Hillary watch to in Tune families. Latino and black on hard especially was toll the but hard, country whole our hit Recession Great The fare. the afford can everyone so opportunity economic expand to got we’ve Now bus. the on seat every up opened Parks Rosa century. 21st the in learn to need kids our that access internet and computers, books, the afford family every help to got We’ve done: it get to can we everything do to going we’re and reform, immigration comprehensive for time past It’s society. our of impulses ugliest the to appealing and history our of chapters shameful most the to back harkening is Trump well. as freedom press curtailing about talks he yes, And Muslims. banning about talks He nationalists. white retweets Trump —Hillary Trump.” Donald than better is America this. than better is America that heart my all with believe “I conversation. this into possible as people many as bringing in believe we because @Hillary_esp, account, Twitter all-Spanish an launched We Trump. sobre mexicana”—Hillary herencia tiene porque juez distinguido un en confiar puede se no que dice “Él @Hillary_esp: RT —Hillary campaign." Trump’s from see we of kind the to appeals the against up stand and reject to have "We codes. nuclear our of control Trump Donald give can't We agree: Republicans America: for vision and plans policy Hillary's on book Sept—a in out comes Together Stronger baby. crying a criticized and devil," "the Hillary called family, soldier's fallen a attacked Trump week, This … country. our about cares @HillaryClinton much how just — knows already Biden VP what see to going is America @JoeBiden: RT Hillary on —@POTUS president." of office the take to qualified more was that candidate a had never have "We record. the review Let’s his of out” babies throw “doesn’t he said just Trump ! ! ceremony. opening the for Ready @HFA: RT medal. gold Olympic an win to woman American first the became Abbott Margaret golfer games, 1900 Paris the At collection. her to add to Rio in court the hits @SerenaWilliams Today, counting: and medals gold Four . to time It's it. restrict not box, ballot the to access expand we when stronger is America https:/… protection. deserve citizens LGBT @Frankmugisha. incl. detained, Many . on raid by concerned Deeply @AmbassadorRice: RT button: braille first campaign's our behind story the Here's @HFA: RT Trump. Donald for week a quite been it's yeah, so … today. ago years Four list? wish Putin a like read ideas policy foreign Trump’s do Why memory”: living in choice political “starkest the in Hillary support to voters urging is @HoustonChron the Why … to time It's many. too for right that threatens VRA weakened a and democracy, our of heart the at is vote to right The @timkaine: RT . the at more and @POTUS @HillaryClinton, photographing while saw I what is This @barb_kinney: RT Russia? and Trump with on going is what Seriously, alone. week this from president—just be never should Trump why reasons 45 dismal: are reviews peer Trump's —@JeffBezos “” Karla. you, of proud So —@HoustonChron practicality." and thoroughness, thoughtfulness, of terms in comparison no there’s issues, the “On Simone! luck, Good Olympics. the at history make to set is @Simone_Biles champion all-around world Three-time Hillary on Morell —Michael safe." nation our president—keeping a of duty important most the on deliver will "She https://t.… . Team of member proud a is (@ajazzyworld) Smalls Jasmine why read Action, of Weekend our of honor In @HillaryforVA: RT https… sacrifice. your for members service &amp; vets fellow my to you Thank today. Day Heart Purple Nat. celebrate to Proud @BishopGarrison: RT luck! Good '84. since team gymnastics Olympic the on Latina first the is Hernandez Laurie week. bad very horrible, good, no Trump's Donald #… you. Thank admiration. and gratitude unending America's have you did, who those to But Heart. Purple a earn to wants one No @JoeBiden: RT violence. gun reduce to fight the leading from @TimKaine stopped never that's but Virginia, in based is NRA The look: inside an get to in Tune app. mobile America for Hillary our of demo a giving Facebook on live We're @HFA: RT it. build to able be should you it, dream can you if America, In Russia. with relationship cozy @realDonaldTrump's about questions some have We Hillary on —@CoryBooker us." of all need we that knows &amp; America of all sees She America. one see just doesn't "She drop: balloon @DemConvention the of magic the experience to you allows video degree 360 special This WATCH: the for breaks Tax 4. debt More 3. jobs Fewer 2. wages Lower 1. plan: economic Trump's Donald Trump: on —@WarrenBuffett bankruptcies." his about brags that businessman another know don't "I know. to need you numbers two are there plans, economic Trump's and Hillary's comparing you're When hijab. a wearing while compete to athlete Muslim American first the became Muhammad Ibtihaj fencer Olympic Rio, In -H attacks. these prevent to together come and terror against up stand to have We despicable. is Pakistan in hospital a of bombing Today's advisor economic McCain's John Zandi, —Mark economy.” stronger a in result economic "Clinton’s rich. very the to breaks tax huge provide to absurd is it inequality, wealth and income massive of time a At @SenSanders: RT … one: another elect let's months, 3 In do. Democrats what it's — jobs Creating @TheDemocrats: RT members. UAW hardworking of pay the cut economic an has .@realDonaldTrump @UAW: RT Trump. Donald about say success" business "tremendous actual with people what Here's … elected if office in days 100 first her for plans her on @HillaryClinton by Answer @Quora: RT economy: the on face we choice the on rally campaign a for Florida, Petersburg, St. in stops Hillary as live Watch it: to minds our put we if solve can't we problem a isn't There deniers. climate against up stand to got We've Americans. of majority vast the or economy our help doesn’t it economics—and trickle-down of repackaging a just is plan Trump's Donald change: a for taxes in share fair their pay wealthy the sure make to going We’re risk. at economy our putting risk—he’s at security national our putting only not is Trump Donald risk. of kind that afford can’t We crisis. real a facing Office Oval the in Trump Donald imagine Just Katie! Congrats, freestyle. 400m the in record world own her broke and gold won @KatieLedecky swimmer night, Last rich… for greater even economy the make to advisors insider corporate rich by written was plan econ .@realDonaldTrump's @elizabethforma: RT household… low-income of millions while break tax a nanny a w/ billionaires gives plan childcare @realDonaldTrump's Even @elizabethforma: RT … Session! their in answering now are @timkaine &amp; @HillaryClinton candidates VP &amp; Presidential @Quora: RT … history” American in president reckless most the be “would Trump that declaring letter a sign officials GOP 50 @nytimes: RT them: join to now in Chip campaign. this to donated have who people million 2 than more the to you Thank else. everyone of expense the at top the at those for giveaways big plan: economic trickle-down Trump's Trump. Donald for cut tax big a families—and working for deal bad a is plan economic Trump's Donald @Quora: on respond @TimKaine and Hillary the in Zika of spread the prevent we can How it. is This Trump. Donald other no is There truth: sad the Here’s way." any in violence suggest not should States United the of President the be to seeking person "A https://… RSVP: Wednesday. this Moines Des to back heads Hillary Secretary. Madame back, Welcome @HillaryforIA: RT suggest… &amp; speech political between line a draw must we but basis, routine a on Americans astound might .@realDonaldTrump @GabbyGiffords: RT Donald. watching, are kids Our home. hits really Trump Donald support can't he why about daughter his to letter David's @timkaine: RT —@nytimes all." for and once Trump Mr. repudiate for come has time "The look: a Take else? Everyone plan. economic Trump's under great do you'll millionaire, a you're If watch: to now in Tune Moines. Des in economy the about talking Hillary's II: War World since jobs good-paying in investment biggest the make to going We’re upgrades: for overdue It’s grandparents. and parents our by built infrastructure the of off living are We Century. 21st the of superpower energy clean the be can We businesses!”—@HillaryCl… own their start can they so that on moratory year three a put we’ll debt, student have they “When @HillaryforIA: RT owed. they’re what them pay to refusing businesses, small stiffing career his spent has Trump Donald —Hillary values.” their represent not does Trump Donald that say and up stand to willing are who Republicans the by moved and humbled am "I optimism. of course a chart to together joined haven't we if election the after day the feel you'll how Imagine linger. still effects the recession—and great the during hit hardest the among were people Young change. to has That challenges. greater even faced have color of people young that see you deeper, dig you When policies. Trump's under lose to most the plan—and economic Hillary's from gain to most the have Americans Young apprenticeships. get to celebrities *aren't* who people for easier it make gonna we're @realDonaldTrump, unlike And, dreams. their fulfill and businesses start to people young for easier it make Let's Maryland. in season third its film will @HouseOfCards and agreement an reached we've that announce to Pleased Amsterdam. in House Frank Anne the visit to opportunity the had have to Pleased suit. follow should Congress bill, passed Assembly Gen. the &amp; @GovernorOMalley in Here @SenatorCardin: MT Baltimore. in Mall Town Old of redevelopment the like projects sustainable smart, support to assistance Fund Impact announced we Today growth economic spur &amp; neighborhoods revitalize to cities &amp; towns MD’s in reinvests Fund Impact The awareness raise to night every blue bright House Government lighting We're Month. Awareness Autism National is April diagnosed. children sixty-eight in one with families, Maryland of thousands affects disorder spectrum Autism support. autism and cost-reduction care medical in leader national a become has MD 2009, in Autism on Commission a creating Since status immigration of regardless students, more to available college affordable of the making VA see to Glad Year. the of Teacher National the named being on McComb Sean teacher High Patapsco to Congratulations school. high after career a or college for students his preparing tirelessly - teacher a be to means it what embodies McComb Sean Y… of Teacher National named teacher Md 3rd the is @Mr_McComb best. the are teachers our b/c great are schools Maryland @MdPublicSchools: RT Maryland. in to bill a sign I before right - 5/5/14 on 10am at Reddit a in participating be I'll that share to Happy act. to Congress for time it's Now year. this #1010 to to state 3rd the becoming on Hawaii to Congrats #1010 better do can We poverty. of out Americans lift &amp; economy our grow to opportunity missed a was to failure Senate's The fairness. poverty. in family their raise to have should time full works who Nobody Maryland. in we why That's rules. the by plays and hard works that family every to dignity . and Maryland join to Congress for time It's prosperity. and growth economic … . to act to Congress for time it's agree you if RT Americans. million 28 for wages higher @WhipHoyer: RT http:/… today @WhiteHouse the at $ to wage min their raise to voted who legislators Maryland have to Great @DavidAgnew44: RT … @BikeLeague states. bike-friendly for 10 TOP in @StateMaryland announces .@GovernorOMalley @MDOTNews: RT @LucyFlores. Governor, Lt. next Nevada’s with time spending Enjoyed http… Dinner! JJ @ClarkDems tonight's at keynote his to forward Looking @GovernorOMalley! with speak and meet to Delighted @AaronDFordNV: RT DC. in wknd this hi say to love Would . at here Maryland repping is @GovernorOMalley hear I @ReidScott_: MT there. you see to Hope Dinner. Jackson Jefferson @ClarkDems at speech my to edits final few A hello. say and by Come @Yahoo. w/ sitting be will I &amp; Katie @ReidScott_ @GovernorOMalley Vegas, to welcome @ClarkCountyFD the &amp; 1908 Local of behalf On @ProudToRescue: MT you w/ be to Great evening. wonderful and welcome warm the for @ClarkDems the of all and @DinaTitus, @rlange9, @HarryReid, you Thank answer. to best my do I'll and questions your post and by Stop Eastern. 9am at Reddit a hosting I'm Reddit my at question first my Answering $ to wage minimum Maryland’s raise will that legislation signed just I ht… jobs. supporting family creating &amp; economy our into money injecting raise a receive will families Maryland @StateMaryland: RT forward us moves wage minimum the Raising administration. my of Star North the been has class middle the expanding years, eight last the For families. MD for raise a poverty. in family their raise to have should time full works who nobody b/c to fought We energy green &amp; credts tax EV in leader a Maryland making today, law into credit tax vehicle electric the of extension an sign to Great Plant Marsh White GM the at MD in here right jobs creating we're and nation the in best the law this consider @UAW and @GM Both row. a in years five for ONE NUMBER schools MD's making for you Thank Day. Appreciation Teacher Happy success. your in played family and teammates role the about speech Moving award. MVP NBA first his on @KDTrey5 native MD to Congratulations MD in here right Sparks @Chevrolet more build to us allow will credit tax EV the extend to signed I bill The forward. moving keep to needs Maryland what He's years. 7+ past the for has he as just tonight, leadership strong demonstrated .@BrownforMD … now! RSVP . in fundraiser week's next at us joining be will @GovernorOMalley that announce to pleased I'm @Bakari_Sellers: RT you. of proud so am I weekend. this graduating is girl little my believe Can't Delaware &amp; Maryland in jobs paying good these keep to work We'll AstraZeneca. buy to trying Pfizer about concerned I &amp; .@GovernorMarkell … MD. &amp; in families 5,700 impact cld @Pfizer by @AstraZenecaUS of acquisition poss. Concerned @GovernorMarkell: RT city. this in linebackers great of tradition strong a have we - @TreyDeuce32RTR Baltimore, to Welcome today. college from graduated who Tara, daughter our of prouder be couldn't I &amp; Katie today. celebrated being moms wonderful the of all to Day Mother's Happy week this Championships Rugby School High National the in competing girls school high Rugby Bay North to luck Good Marylanders. all for security retirement ensuring on focus to today force task a established we announce to Pleased equation. that of part key a is workers MD of security retirement the ensuring and work, our of focus central a is class middle the Growing celebration! the Join yr. this anthem nat'l our of anniv. 200th the about talking today @PressClubDC at be to Great http://… @BillClinton President - is" Brown Anthony what that's - leader a be to have you and plan a have to got "You've @BrownforMD: RT leadership. their for @HRC &amp; @EqualityMD to &amp; work hard his for @RichMadaleno to Congrats today. Act Marylander All for Fairness the Signed couples same-sex to benefits health extended and MDers, transgender against discrimination outlawed equality, marriage passed we've MD, In (1/2) land. of acres 22,000 protecting - 50% by system wildlands state's our expand will that today bill a signed also I've (2/2) future the in developed or used be they'll how abt question no be can there so today, areas these preserve to responsibility our It's responsibility. fiscal &amp; schools better jobs, more budget: MD year's This priorities. those reflects budget our and administration, my of Star North the been has opportunity expanding and jobs Creating (1/2) to rate unemployment state's our down driving month, last jobs 9,300 gained Maryland (2/2) together. class middle stronger a building are we but jobs, more create &amp; opportunity expand to do to work more have still We speaker commencement their as Medicine of School UofMD the of Class Graduation 2014 the join and congratulations say to honor great my is It hearts. and hands your of work the bless God May graduates. Medicine of School Maryland these to you thank State, our of behalf On win? to going is Who Pimlico. at family with Stakes Preakness the Enjoying Trafficking. Human on Conference Governor’s Annual 3rd the off kicked I and Rosenstein J. Rod Attorney Baltimore, in Today children. them of many victims, its on horrors unimaginable imposes trafficking human Maryland, in here right to Nigeria From justice. to them bring &amp; predators these find to efforts our on building We're lows. 30-year to crime violent down driven we’ve Together, practice despicable this from families MD protect better we'll traffickers, for penalties tougher &amp; awareness public coordination, more With 2010: in than waters Maryland in oysters many as twice have We oysters. billion plant &amp; produce to efforts our with along off, paying is sanctuaries oyster no-harvest expanding of strategy Our restoration oyster with help to efforts students' about talk and football flag play to recently @hcpss_dms visited I ups: start tech promotes competition The winners. Challenge InvestMaryland 4 the to each $100k awarded I Yesterday, concussion. a for assessed be should who athletes identify to sensor helmet-mounted a developed has @BrainSentry winner Sciences Life MD. Frederick, to Virginia West from moved recently @luminalHQ, company computing cloud winner, Cybersecurity The patients. of needs social the address helping is @JohnsHopkins, of out up start a .@HealthifyUS, income-level. and age, gender, of regardless care best-quality obtain patients helps @ClickMedix Gaithersburg-based jobs. family-sustaining create &amp; companies new start technologies, cutting-edge develop who innovators supporting to committed is MD here: thrive and grow companies Challenge InvestMaryland the of all watching to forward look I article. Excellent congratulations. deserved, Well @jackandraka … Murray Dominick Sec. + @GovernorOMalley by honored winners stage: on brainpower entrepreneurial Much @MDBiz: RT http://… Trees. Ash the save Help Week. Awareness Borer Ash Emerald this declared has .@GovernorOMalley @MdAgDept: RT MA. in weekend last championship nat. the at showing excellent their for Girls HS Rugby Bay North to Congratulations today. Annapolis in flying @BlueAngels the see to Great families. more for affordable more college make to efforts our about words kind Kirwan's Dr. Appreciate today's at graduates @UofMaryland congratulating be to thrilled I'm possible. stories their are America in Only America. Latin from emigrated he @presidentloh, Like Torres. Sergio speaker student to Congrats discovery &amp; innovation of renaissance a also but institutions, dysfunctional &amp; crises with riddled world a enter you '14, of Class liberate. &amp; question ideas Your excuse. by dictate ideologies Yesterday's ideologies. not ideas, of world a is century 21st The life. to conducive are that conditions the advance and create, preserve, to calling urgent single a share We creation. life-giving a of story on-going the with forward story our carry to - ancestors great become to time have still We TERPS! Go 2014! of Class to congrats huge extend I &amp; .@governoromalley @presidentloh: RT WATCH at @GovernorOMalley have to happy we’re Reasons 5 Top @UofMaryland RT me! having for Thanks graduates. college 2014 the of all to Congratulations costs down hold to Maryland in made we’ve choices the and affordable more college making on piece Post Huffington My weekend? this visiting you are beaches MD other What them? of one you Are weekend. this @OCMaryland to headed are people of Lots clip: the Watch morning. this @OCMaryland, spot, travel beach popular most MD's at live was .@TheTodayShow haunts: favorite readers' our of some are Here weekend? long the over @OCMaryland to Going @baltimoresun: RT HUDStat. via management performance driving great done He's director. OMB new named being on @ShaunHUD to Congrats Cabinet. the in Vilsack Tom @USDA's &amp; @anthonyfoxx join mayor another see to Glad Secretary. HUD outstanding an be will .@JulianCastro Congrats! commencement. her at her surprise to Afghanistan from returned dad grad's @JohnsHopkins This story! Great Address Commencement UofMD my at Behind-the-scenes everything." transforms that transformation the is change "Climate guns and health mental about conversation national a for overdue We're heartbreaking. is CA in shooting mass recent The team. the and Reese Coach to Congrats championship. national the won just @MarylandWLax HUGE! Champions. National Lacrosse Women's 2014 Your @umterps: RT God under Nation, one for - meet never will they generations and neighbors family, for everything gave who women &amp; men the remember we Today initiatives hiring veteran established upon expand or incorporate to employers MD encouraging we're 1, June Starting Annapolis. in music street play still can I MD of governor as that love I Dinner. Roosevelt annual their at Democrats Massachusetts with speaking before edits and review Final Angelou. Dr. peace, in Rest existed." [she] For better. be and Be be. can "We eloquently. so speak words own Her @astro_reid. Godspeed, Station. Space Int'l the to launch to scheduled is MD Cockeysville, from Wiseman Reid Cmdr. hours, about In here: live Station Space Int’l the to launch MD Cockeysville, from Wiseman Reid Cmdr. Watch 2025. by road the on vehicles emission zero million putting by smog &amp; gas greenhouse reduce to states other 7 with partnering is MD goals. climate &amp; quality air our achieving and transportation sustainable more healthier, creating to essential are vehicles emission Zero jobs. create &amp; industry cybersecurity MD's expand to Roundtable Cybersecurity Maryland the launched I &amp; @SenatorBarb Today borders virtual America’s secure to fight the leading &amp; information personal protect to solutions driving jobs, cybersecurity creating We’re Louie. dog my w/ school the near me find could you ago 40yrs HS Chase Bethesda-Chevy at class graduating Told Maryland: to start-ups tech new attracting are investments Our bills: hospital lowering is which hospitals, Maryland at care uncompensated down driving are We Maryland. in bills hospital lowering already is patients uninsured in drop The Summit Youth School Green MD the at today hit a was @GovernorOMalley @ashleyvalis: MT blast. a was It Ashley. Thanks, Experiences." "Blessed for signing book a for @Clyburn w/ be to Great everything. transforms that transformation the is change Climate plants power existing from pollution CO2 reduce to plan President's the applaud I plan. a have we but rise, level sea to states vulnerable most nation's among is Maryland jobs. 37k creates &amp; renewables, from energy of 25% generates 25%, by emissions reduces plan reduction carbon MD’s @StateStat progress our Track change. climate to relate goals strategic 16 administration’s my of 3 2018 by 20% MD in crime violent down drive to is goal Our safe. people keeping is responsibility sacred most Govt's progress: our Follow MD. in 32% by homicides &amp; by crime violent down driven we’ve 2007, Since 500. Fortune the into moving on Communications @Discovery Maryland-based to Congrats Act. Safety Firearms the of anniv. 1-yr the on O'Malley Gov thank moms MD Our @MomsDemand: MT together. work to Great still. stronger even it make &amp; jobs create to continue will we together leadership, @ltgovbrown's with and stronger, getting is economy Our 877-877. to FOOD txt or at free Find summer. this can teens &amp; kids Maryland @Orioles the middle stronger a of fan a He's today. @AFLCIO the at @RichardTrumka see to Great http:/… begin comeback the let &amp; MD Vote America. of Taste @RollCall's in wings Buffalo to fall cant crabcakes @SenatorCardin: RT … want! they jobs the find our help and own state's our with involved Get @UMUC: RT @StateMaryland: RT MD. in 1812 of War the of story the tell will which Trail, Historic National Banner Star-Spangled the of opening the announcing I'm Today state. other any in than battles and raids more in invader unforgiving an encountered citizens MD 1812, of War the in ago, centuries Two fore. the at was Maryland &amp; herself, defend and together hold to able was nation young diverse our that is 1812 of War the the of legacy The http://… @Maryland state." our was that and nation, the saved and up stood state "One @GovernorOMalley @CountyExecBaker: RT support! your for @GovernorOMalley you Thank @BrianFrosh: RT ? vs Regionals Super the in @UMTerpsBaseball 4 ready U R @GovernorOMalley @UMTerpsHRclub: MT ready I'm Cubs. Chicago the by night last round 2nd the in drafted getting on @jstinnett7 Pitcher @UofMaryland to Congratulations history. of course the changed &amp; Normandy of beaches the stormed division infantry 29th famed the from Marylanders today, ago yrs 70 1944. 6, June on Normandy in landings historic the made who all to gratitude unceasing owe We watch should You orbit. earth single lapse time a - space from Vine first the posted Wiseman Reid astronaut Maryland Tickets: 630pm. at open Doors Soundstage. Baltimore at tonight 47 Black for open March O’Malley’s band my see Come @UMTerpsBaseball. for today win Big http:… sense. common just It's chance. fighting a have hard working those so in to bill a signing I'm @GovPeterShumlin: RT … Delegates! of House the for campaign our endorsed @GovernorOMalley news! Big @nickcstewart: RT season. outstanding an on team baseball @UMTerpsBaseball entire the and @UMDCoachSzefc to Congratulations announcement. Trail Banner Star-Spangled week's last from a with summer patriotic a off Kicking jobs. good-paying create &amp; restoration Island Poplar expand @PortofBalt, strengthen will bill The . signing for @BarackObama Thanks yours? What's ballot. your cast to plan a have you if vote to likely more and MD in tomorrow starts voting Early services. registration online our bolstering &amp; registration, day same voting, early on-site enabling by access voting expanded we’ve MD, In system justice our within debt their paid have who women &amp; men Marylanders, rehabilitated 52,000 as many as re-enfranchise moved also We've visit information, more For tomorrow. starts Maryland in voting primary early Again, it of advantage take should you why Here's today! starts voting early : Attention @BenJealous: RT county: by locations your up Look early. vote to Marylanders encouraging morning this Out http:… work! hard their for volunteers thank to office City Baltimore our by stopped @GovernorOmalley . @BrownforMD: RT state: other any than tuition college of cost the down hold to Maryland in more done we've says Post Wash The year. a 3% at increases capped we've Since, 2007. in years 4 for tuition froze We Banner. Star-Spangled the of anniversary 200th the of honor in to today @Smithsonian the at represent to Great today. together us holds it &amp; written was Banner Star-Spangled the when 1814 in together flag our held dignity human of thread The Governor for Brown Anthony endorses Sun Balt. @BrownforMD: MT congrats! endorsement; @baltimoresun the earned Anthony pictures your with me at Tweet forget. never we'll that ones the and there, out dads the of all to Day Father's Happy http://t… kids grand and sons my me, in on lives legacy his but years 7 for Dad my had Only Day. Fathers Happy @GovernorOMalley @RayLehr: RT sharing. for much so you Thank picture. Terrific @jlschuster827 Jim. picture, that sharing for you Thank @JimFranke picture. that sharing for you Thank father. your to Day Father’s Happy @chelsea_said_it range? the on fare you How’d sharing. for you Thank @sarahxc5 you? are one Which picture! that sharing for Thanks Nancy, @nancyduden environment. life-sustaining our of health the on first depends prosperity our -- real is change climate of threat The 2025. by Point Tipping Bay Healthier a reach &amp; Bay Chesapeake the restore to goal a set we MD, In cover. forest increase to legislation passed &amp; 2020 by 25% gasses greenhouse reduce to plan 2006, since 200% by plantings crop increased We and - progress: our Follow identity Maryland’s with intertwined resource environmental irreplaceable and unique a is Bay Chesapeake The watershed. Bay the in citizens all to accessible ways transparent &amp; open in Bay the restore to platform common a is agreement Bay Today's Ghana. against match Cup World their in team Soccer National Men’s the to luck of Best assist. huge a had @MarylandMSoccer from @gzusi and -- the for win Great htt… support. your have to honored Very tonight! me with participants greeting for @GovernorOMalley you Thank @DavidSloan26: RT work hard their for vols George's Prince thanking @GovernorOMalley @BrownforMD: MT tonight. energy of Lots area. your in locations and times find to Visit Maryland. in to day last the is Tomorrow today! voters to talking out are supporters youngest our Even @BrownforMD: RT here: info More tomorrow. is day Last Maryland. in of advantage took you if Reply yesterday! voted I @GovernorOMalley @RuralMaryland: RT ends before you join to friends your Ask Great! ballot: your cast to plan a make and location your Find Maryland. in to day last the is Today Locations: . to day last the on ticket @kenulman / @BrownforMD the for Campaigning weekend. this @iowademocrats and @AppelforIowa, @BruceBraley, @Senator_Hatch, with campaign to Excited … today. Arbor Ann in @GovernorOMalley with campaigning time great a had I and .@LisaBrown39 @MarkSchauer: RT Dinner. Fame of Hall 2014 their at @SenatorHarkin honor they as @iowademocrats join to Excited remarks. his finishes @Senator_Hatch as ovation standing A @iowademocrats: RT Beaverdale. in off kick canvass their at @iowademocrats County Polk with Gathered visit! ur with Iowa of geeks political indulging 4 TY @HeavenAndBalder @LoudAndLiberal: MT time. great a Having America and Maryland of story the Iowa, and Baltimore of story the -- us of story the about @IowaDemocrats to Talking home at stronger ourselves making by part large in world, the led and world, the thrilled that country the been we've years, 235 For succeed. to president their for prayed they fail, to president their for pray not did great America made who patriots The courage inspired they fears; America’s to appeal didn’t They it. to aspired they learning; and science belittle didn’t founders Our smarter? children our make will education less much how - class middle America’s for less” of “future a prescribe would who those To more. do must We less. doing by problems our solve not will We us. to back gives she more the country, our make we stronger The grows economy &amp; customers more have businesses money more earn workers When has. Never top. the from down trickle doesn’t Prosperity results. achieves action And action. drives Belief belief. drives Hope chance. by forward move not do We choice. a is Progress @GovernorOMalley with day the of rest the campaign to off We're Democrats! excitement and energy the for Thanks @Senator_Hatch: MT go! Let’s share. Please Convention. 2014 @iowademocrats the at today earlier speech my from video full the Here’s son. his and @senatorrobhogg, @MonicaVernon, @Senator_Hatch, with IA Rapids, Cedar in campaigning time Excellent @GovernorOMalley work." important really this do to guts the having for Pat, you, "Thank @PatMurphy4Iowa: RT back! not Forward, yrs. 8 for done you've all for you thank I &amp; @ltgovbrown am. this kindness your for family @NewPsalmist the to you Thank friends with share and watch you’ll hope I that Iowa to trip my from video behind-the-scenes fun a filmed We here: location polling your find and vote to plan your Make Maryland. in Day Election is Tomorrow singing and out coming for @GovernorOMalley Thanks night! last time great a What @BrianFrosh: MT there be to Pleasure http://t.… @DonnaFEdwards @kenulman @GovernorOMalley Cc County. George's Prince in rally GOTV final our to out head to About @BrownforMD: RT location: polling your Find William. son my with Brown Anthony for vote the out Getting @ChrisVanHollen &amp; @GovernorOMalley Thanks today! support great such have to Grateful @BrianFrosh: RT GOTV Maryland. in today vote the out get to hard working volunteers Brown-Ulman the of some with break picture Quick sticker Voted I your w/ me at tweet &amp; location polling your Find Maryland. in vote to hours five then less little A James Lee Walter Mayor and @RepDonnaEdwards with Vote the Out Getting County. George's the of place polling Last story. success American true a is He Governor. as Brown Anthony with served well incredibly be will Maryland AG. outstanding an be to going He’s Bay. the restoring on leader a and laws, safety gun our strengthening on leader a was .@BrianFrosh http… Exchange: Mid-Atlantic a create to commitment new a announces @GovernorOMalley Maryland @ClintonGlobal: RT advancing! on Congratulations . by game Good health. women’s for setback a and wrong is decision This Period. boss. her by made decisions care health her have should woman No midnight: at ends Voting contest! @parademagazine’s in advance help &amp; @kenulman Join C… manager regional DB &amp; @GovernorOMalley to thx Special @StateMaryland! in proclaimed is today but surreal, So @theDrybar: RT ? you Do @presidentloh RT today. @bigtenconf the joining officially is @UofMaryland excited Very Yes! @Omar4Gonzalez and @gzusi alums MD of U Especially today. Belgium against Team Soccer Men’s the to luck of Best Navy. the of history the in Admiral Star Four female first the Howard, Michelle Admiral to Congratulations services hair w/ wine/champagne/beer serve &amp; for apply can @thedrybar like salons today -starting Happy … VOTE out! not we're but down, be may We . rally, to Time @kenulman: RT production. energy wind for Maryland offshore acres 80,000 auction to step final the took @Interior Today 2022. by 20% by MD in generation energy renewable up drive to plan our in forward step important an is news energy wind Today's production energy wind offshore like energy renewable clean, of development the encourage must we change, climate of threat the address To EM charged. devices keep and forecasts Follow Shore. Eastern upper to extended watch t-storm Severe @MDMEMA: RT @StateMaryland: RT . the of Anniversary 50th the marking in State our across join I Today, world. the change can people motivated few a that us showing for you Thank @databay_md Challenge. our for us Join scientist? a or the in interest an with techie a you Are results great w infrastructure &amp; innovation schools, in invest to choose we MD, In growth. job nat'l 200k+ of month straight 5th news: Great soon. there be 'll new the try to wait Can't weekend. last opening the on Congratulations .@BryanVoltaggio day. the throughout pics family your with me at Tweet MD. across events some to link a Here’s Day! Independence Happy MD in stand snowball Best @GovernorOMalley @MDGBmore @ashleyvalis: MT get? u did flavor What Jealous. today! office RedOwl the visit @StateMaryland @GovernorOMalley have to Excited @RedOwlytics RT wait! Can't cybersecurity. American of epicenter the Maryland make helped has which @RedOwlytics, visiting I'm Today jobs. new 9,000 nearly adding MD, in expand or open to entities cybersecurity 120 than more led have investments Our businesses: private-sector by created them of 85% almost – jobs 22,000 over created has MD year, past the In need: employers skills the in Marylanders training by workforce tomorrow's in investing We're : reached we’ve already – 2015 by 40% MD in graduates college STEM of number the increasing of goal a set We grows. economy our &amp; customers more have businesses more, earn workers When agreement. an reaching on @JohnsHopkins &amp; @1199SEIU Congrats MD: in GPI use to decision our about written also He's : about op-ed Daly Lew Great recession. the through rating top a keep to states 7 only of 1 We're agencies. 3 all by AAA rated still we're - out are ratings Credit jobs: MD create to funding private secure company the helped @RedOwlytics in investment $100k Our women. MD for control birth to access restore &amp; decision week's last counter to working for @SenatorCardin &amp; @SenatorBarb Thanks CEOs. from interference w/out decisions healthcare own their make to able be should Women @MDStateParks. supporting grant the for @LWCFCOALITION &amp; @Interior you Thank spaces? open and parks love doesn't Who death certain to back them send &amp; away children send should that country a not We're principles. our of power is have we power greatest The change. climate of impacts the seen has Chris @BarackObama: MT : we MD, In violence. domestic reduce to leaders faith together bringing is which today, Coalition Violence Domestic Interfaith the in Participated reduction a w/ it exceeded We 2012. by 25% by violence domestic reduce to goal a set We tips: energy-saving summer has @MyBGE 2015: by 15% by consumption electric reduce to aim We progress: our Track security. homeland MD's fortifying about Shore Eastern the on event Great country. our for leadership your &amp; families Maryland to commitment your for Thankful @SenatorBarb! Birthday Happy border. our at crisis humanitarian the from children for care helping about today Maryland across from leaders faith w/ discussion Powerful Baltimore East serve to @johnshopkins lab health public new a of opening the celebrated we Today over. world the and backyard, own our in here lives save will lab this at treatments and research discoveries, Our participation. business women-owned and minority increase to goals real with inclusive, economically been has construction lab's The students @SustainaFest 50 by built home model sustainable foot square 210 a House, Tiny the visiting I'm Today doing we're else what challenge-here's climate our solving of part are housing energy-efficient &amp; living Sustainable Project House Tiny @SustainaFest the supporting for @StandardSolar, of president Wiater, Scott to Thanks 20%: by deaths overdose reducing of goal our about officials local and state with talk to @AnnapolisPD to headed I face. we challenges health public serious most the of one represent deaths Overdose lethal. more &amp; available more cheaper, become has Heroin influx. this handle to system care health our prepare must We tripled. than more visits ER heroin-related of number the 2008-2013, From infrastructure. transportation job-creating in invest to need we -- right are @SenatorCardin &amp; .@SenatorBarb food. grown locally buy to Marylanders encourage to today Annapolis in cookout Local Buy a hosted We growing. demand with Baltimore, of City the and county every in one least at Maryland, in markets farmers 145 approximately now are There food local on budget meal school their of 10% about spent schools Maryland year school 2011-2012 the During cooking? you are What week? this everyday food grown locally one least at eating by Challenge Local Buy MD's in participating you Are crisis current the about @GovernorOMalley with talked We @latinorebels: MT join to pleasure a Was IA Clinton in Depot Lyon's at @GovernorOMalley &amp; Hart Rita W/Sen @RepMaryWolfe: MT Hart! Sen. &amp; you w/ be to Great by! dropped @SenatorHarkin and -- @SenateMajority &amp; Kinney Kevin for IA Liberty, N. to Came Sturgeon. Al Sen IA former - City Sioux in @Senator_Hatch for event an at one Met everywhere. fans @Orioles are There @GovernorOMalley and clergy with children refugee on morning this meeting Action-oriented @drJoshS: RT state. other any than capita) (per here kids More violence. fleeing children migrant in taken who've families MD the to you thank sincere A scoop: the us gave He ? enabling @GovernorOMalley is How @1776DC RT tonight! there be to Excited options. outstanding are Both HQ. @FBI new the for locations possible as Mall Landover &amp; Station Greenbelt named has .@usgsa goals: policy our towards progress track to MD in data used we've how about talking @1776dc I'm Tonight investment. more attract to MD in dollars public used we've how sharing @1776dc I'm capital. to access is startups for challenge biggest The row. a in years 3 for entrepreneurship &amp; innovation for state #1 the been has MD --&gt; industries new &amp; startups local in invest We @Orioles! Go it! Walk-off leaders. school as grow principals MD helps which Academy, Governor's annual the hosting we're week This nation. the in #1 are schools Maryland reason the is work Their commitment. their for educators these to Thanks yesterday. @1776dc at making decision data-driven and innovation talking time great a Had night. last music little a played Even (@hickforco). Hickenlooper John and @DemGovs the for Colorado in be to Great you: near event an Find safer. neighborhoods make to effort anti-crime an Out, Night National is Tonight name. team their change to Redskins Washington the for time probably is it believe do I that answered and today earlier asked was I culture. &amp; individual every of dignity the of respectful more &amp; another one of understanding more become we generation every in that hope We 2018: of end the by 20% by Maryland in crime violent reducing of goal our meet to track on We're safer neighborhoods our making about residents with talking Baltimore, in Out Night National spent I costs. healthcare control &amp; hospitalizations preventable reduce to efforts our about talking @WesternMDHealth, at today Cumberland in I'm 2011 since decrease an seen We've 2015. of end the by 10% hospitalizations preventable reduce to is goal Our theater historic renovated &amp; library new the visited and today, @Hagerstown_MD in Goat Gourmet the by stopped I crabmeat. MD sustainable promotes which campaign, Blue True the to money donating They're today. Brewery @FlyingDog visited I 2 ideas innovative your about more learning to forward Looking finalists! @DataBay_MD Congrats hr. $12/ of pay avg &amp; $9/hr, of wages starting with chain burrito a @Boloco, at w/@GovernorOMalley today Lunch @LaborSec: MT @boloco today wage minimum the raising about talked &amp; burritos rolled I &amp; .@LaborSec @LaborSec? Right, poverty. in family their raise to have should time full works who one No more: Learn US.” the in proposal boldest "the called been have costs healthcare control to innovations Our revolution" healthcare amazing "an MD in costs healthcare control to efforts innovative our calls .@businessinsider by hospitalizations preventable reduced we've model, fee-for-service the from away moving By care. patient streamlining &amp; problems healthcare addressing &amp; mapping effectively we're exchange, info. health our W/ 1812 of War &amp; Banner Spangled Star the of birth the commemorating , the for plans announced we Today more: learn &amp; schedule events the out Check @denycegraves. &amp; @KChenoweth @smokey_robinson, @BaltSymphony, @JohnLithgow, featuring concert a include will celebrations 13 Sept. Our to go or @themdta and @mdsha, @mdmema, follow closures, road and warnings flood flash on updates For Maryland: in reductions crime record of year consecutive 7th our is This 1975: in began reporting since reported ever has MD rate crime lowest the &amp; crimes total of number lowest the is This improvements: security &amp; safety public for awards @GSNGovtSecNews won recently @portofbalt &amp; .@BWI_Airport response: emergency our improve to center dispatch medical &amp; fire, security, police, @BWI_Airport the upgraded We've the in ports secure most the of one become has &amp; Program" Security Seaport Notable "Most named was .@portofbalt challenge @DataBay_MD month's this during created to app an MyBay, at look behind-the-scenes a Watch together. occasions happy more many celebrating to forward Looking O'Malley! Katie birthday, Happy … : 2 call @GovernorOMalley's answered Bucks Bay finalist @DataBay_MD how C pm: this inspired Get @MDEnvironment: RT McCann Colum &amp; @StenyHoyer, @RepCummings, up you’re ALS the in participate &amp; contribute to Happy Bladensburg. of Battle 1812's of War the commemorating monument, Battle” in “Undaunted the dedicate helping I'm Today, 1814. 24, August on Capital Nation’s our defending died &amp; fought who all to tribute a represent monument this on men The events: upcoming other out Check celebration. the of part is event Today's events: upcoming other out Check celebration. the of part is event Today's school: Elementary Holabird at school to back students City Baltimore welcomed I Today row: a in years 5 for #1 ranked been have schools public MD education, in made we investments the of Because literacy: environmental &amp; education STEM pre-K, in investments new with innovate, to continuing We're academy principals 1st our &amp; evaluations new w/ principals &amp; teachers good developing progress, our continuing We're totally. you love I Katie. anniversary, Happy Maryland. in @VeepHBO having love We Comedy. a in Actress Lead for Emmy her on @OfficialJLD to Congratulations Hyattsville in School Elementary @EdwardMFelegy toured and lunch serve helped I Today lunch over eating healthy about talking today, Hyattsville in School Elementary @EdwardMFelegy at kids With construction. school in invested we've billion $ nearly the of part year, this new brand is School Elementary .@EdwardMFelegy Elementary: Holabird at met I kids the of video this Watch Monday. on school to back went @BaltCitySchools Bay the restore to ideas their about talk participants challenge @Databay_md tonight's hear to great was It Bay: Chesapeake the restore to making we're progress the about more Learn family. Harris the with are prayers &amp; thoughts Our wife. his of loss tragic the on Harris Andy Cong. to condolences deepest our extend We today enjoy we protections the of many won and for fought who women &amp; men working the to Happy water: &amp; land our protect to priority a it making is MD later, years 50 9/3/64. on signed was Act Wilderness The soil. the improve &amp; erosion prevent nutrients, plant recycle to helping numbers, record in crops cover planting are farmers MD year, This Bay: Chesapeake the restoring to commitment our reaffirmed we Today, football? some for ready you Are campaigns: their to contribution a Split support. our deserve who leaders 5 O’Team. The Meet spaces: green up clean &amp; neighborhoods our improve hungry, the feed to working are Marylanders 11-28, Sept From at volunteer to up sign &amp; events Find Chicago. in event Durbin" con "Unidos an at others &amp; @LuisGutierrez @SenatorDurbin, with be to Great . to need we how about talking Chicago in are I &amp; .@GovernorQuinn grows. economy the and more spend they more, earn workers when agree: I &amp; .@GovernorQuinn Campaign. Coord. IA the &amp; @daveloebsack @Senator_Hatch, @BruceBraley, for City Iowa in canvassers up fired of Lots @wisdems cc: @Burke4WI. for doors knock to out went they before students @UWMadison with Selfie @TheDemocrats @DemGovs @WisDems cc: @Burke4WI! for up fired &amp; feet their on 're in crowd Huge us! with tonight here being for &amp; introduction the for @GovernorOMalley to Thanks @Burke4WI: MT us! having for Thanks Wisconsin. better a for leaders great @ChrisAbeleMKE, &amp; @Burke4WI with be to Honored (1/3) reprehensible. and shocking, horrible, was assault domestic this of morning this released video The (2/3) Ruth of House the supporting consider Please violence. domestic of scourge the end help to more do can Everyone (3/3) children: and women against violence reduce to doing is Maryland what about Learn week: this @FtMcHenryNPS of Battle the of anniversary 200th the celebrate to wait can't I forward. way better a create us help will Banner Star-Spangled the of story the remembering hope I division, by plagued is nation our As : @FtMcHenryNPS today flag American live a recreating are students MD 7000 than More at us join and more Learn week. all Banner Star-Spangled the of Anniversary 200th the commemorating We're : flag American living a formed students Maryland while video some took I recreation. today's at &amp; there was Myrtle old 103-year too. ago years 100 @FtMcHenryNPS flag US living a created Baltimoreans @PompeianOils: - training job employer-led an - camp boot manufacturing EARN 1st the off kicked I Today industries. high-demand in jobs good for skills new obtain Marylanders helping by opportunity of ladders new offers training Employer-led 20%: by training skills receive who Marylanders of number the increase to track on We're many. so of sacrifice and service the remember we And day. this on lives their lost who those remember we Today ago. years 200 Baltimore defend to march militia's MD the commemorate to @MD_Army_Guard the with Park Patterson at morning this spent I Maryland. of best the represent They freedom. our defend to sacrifices made have Airmen &amp; Soldiers Citizen our now, and Then great. are They . the in part taking is @PTXofficial that grateful So morning. this there playground new a dedicated We history. Baltimore's in role important an played has Hill Federal . in @FtMcHenryNPS at on going is celebration @StarSpangled200 incredible An America. for and Baltimore for night powerful Amazing, . in weekend Great celebration. the in part take could March O'Malley's Thrilled crew! and cast done Well flag! a** big a is need we all -- Opera" Rock The -- "1814 to citation Governor's Park! Patterson at night Great installation: of Video MD. in residence Governor's the at Douglass Frederick of portrait a unveiled we Yesterday Knox. Simmie artist, the w/ night last from one Here's selifies. on piece your read .@wpjenna, Maryland. in baseball October to forward Looking title. Division East AL their on @Orioles Baltimore the to Congratulations time. in just service MARC weekend started we like Looks them: for resources few A minors. unaccompanied housing families for help of outpouring ’s for Grateful challenge? the accept to willing you Are change. climate on to choices better made has Maryland list: species endangered the from squirrel fox Delmarva the remove to working is that team the With possible. is conservation on progress real that us reminds event today's But species. extinct back bringing at chance second a get don’t We One." Number Right "Civil called King Dr. what is vote to right The Day. Registration Voter National is Today registration same-day and voting early on-site enabling by polls the to access expanded we've states, other to contrast in Maryland, in Here Visit 4th. November on vote to right their exercise affiliation, party of regardless everywhere, Marylanders hope I begin? voting early does When @GovernorOMalley @geekjutsu: RT question same w anyone for info More 23. October James, year! new healthy happy, a for wishes Best Hashanah. Rosh celebrating those all to tovah L'shanah today Foundation Memorial Jr. King, Luther Martin the from Award Democracy of Leaders the receive to Pleased htt… card! the liked you hope I office! County George's Prince @BrownforMD the by stopping for @GovernorOMalley you Thank @KAlexWallace: RT office. field George’s Prince the at team @KenUlman / @BrownforMD the for Phone-banking today. team Brown-Ulman the for volunteer to Sign-up away! month one is Vote Early - Marylanders at Volunteer - of part as meals prepare to Annapolis in Lighthouse The Visited involved got you why and when share please them among you’re If . during volunteered have who Marylanders 22,000 the to you Thank Maryland! in hunger end will we Together, us! Join http://t… (@GovernorOMalley). experience more w/ person the to him gave I baby. a handed was I @LucyFlores: RT America Central in violence fleeing chldren for Maryland in doing we're all about talk to @jorgeramosnews joining Good … @ThisIsFusion. on 10p at night tomorrow airs interview Full @GovernorOMalley! to speaking .@jorgeramosnews @ThisIsAmerica: RT globe. the across share we goal a is class middle the Expanding @NarendraModi. Minster Prime with meet to Pleased @ThisIsAmerica situations. deadly feeling are who children these by right doing of off eye our taken not have We midnight: before O’Team the to contribution a Split tonight. deadlines fundraising with candidates great Five appreciated. Truly Nick. you Thank @skorpyos youth. MD 4 outcomes improve to challenge doing 4 Heights, Forest &amp; Heights Fairmount Rainer, Mt. @PrinceGeorgesMD, Kudos, Baltimore. in back is Series World the until @Orioles! go we Here ALCS. the for Baltimore to back come and Detroit in one get Let’s O’s. the for inning 8th amazing Another but them, for year great and starters tough some have Tigers ALCS. the for home return to O’s the for wait Cant series! a What htt… Northeastern at O'Malley Martin from hear to Excited does. Maryland what that's politics, and football, Crabcakes, @collegedemsofbc: RT http:… March. O'Malley's band, his in backup 4 auditioned &amp; @marthacoakley for event an at @GovernorOMalley Joined @MattOMalley: RT benefit. businesses &amp; do to thing right the it's -- campaign @BestBuddies support I hunger: student end to strides making is which School, Square Franklin at kindergarteners with today breakfast had I : of high all-time an reached has Program Breakfast School our in Participation stomach. empty an on concentrate to hard It's too. students, better them makes it and do, to thing right the is children hungry Feeding hunger. end help to @MDFoodBank to food of lbs. 33,405 donated and month last together came Marylanders difference. a make can states &amp; cities how showing You're . on leading for &amp; @MMViverito, shout-out, the for Thanks baseball? Orioles for ready is else Who Baltimore. to returns Series World the until but story, underdog City’s Kansas appreciate I O’s. go Let’s Breathe us. with town the on out being and Minnesota to coming for you thank you, meet to great @GovernorOMalley @danschoen54a: RT … together." work wings both when best flies Eagle American "Our tonight. @governoromalley meeting pleasure A @Obermueller2014: RT Dinner Day Founders annual ninth our to @GovernorOMalley welcome to proud are We @MinnesotaDFL: MT me. having for you Thank top. the at those just not everyone, for works that economy an needs MI that showed He debate. tonight's dominated .@MarkSchauer here: right is register to need you information the All Maryland. in vote to register to day last the is Today word: the spread to RT today: tool this use Just Maryland. in online vote to register even can You ht… Elem Station Hollifield w/ site restoration stream @ tour Results" for "Governing @GovernorOMalley NOW @AccessDNR: RT @StateMaryland: RT Bay: Chesapeake the along erosion controlling on worked I &amp; students school elementary City Ellicott morning, This self-sustaining become will Bay the restore to efforts our when Point Tipping Bay Healthier the toward working We're service. of lifetime Anthony's about word the spread and Star' 'Bronze share to RT @BrownforMD: RT @MCDCC @VoteIkeLeggett @BrianFrosh @BrownforMD @kpwalling selfie. that of side other the Here’s time. a at game One O’s. go Let’s year. next to forward Looking @Orioles. run, postseason and season exciting an for you Thank violence: domestic to response our coordinate &amp; strengthen to action announced we Today safer. children &amp; women make to together work all MD in officials &amp; delegation congressional MD's &amp; @SenatorBarb personnel, enforcement Law continues: progress our and 2006, since 26% by children &amp; women against violence down driven we've Together, tonight debate the during message that deliver him watching to forward look I and families, Iowa for champion a is Braley Bruce year? this vote to plan your What’s 23rd. October on starts voting Early Brown. Anthony for campaigning Baltimore In prepare. to doing we're what about am this Marylanders updated I lightly. situation Ebola the taking not are We shortly. kick-off to About Iowa. against game football Homecoming Maryland's before Stadium Byrd Outside game. Terps the before Ulman Ken and Brown Anthony for waving sign Some @ydnc. t-shirt, the for Thanks @kayhagan! re-elect you til days 17 @NCDemParty. the w/ Asheville in time great a Had 23. Oct. on starts vote Early @BarackObama. w/ event the before @RepCummings &amp; @BrownforMD with Backstage ensure to this Retweet know: to need you what Here's 23. Oct. on starts vote Early . &amp; to efforts discuss to yesterday &amp; @sr_simone seeing Great here: Info year. this 11/4 before ballot your Cast Maryland. in TOMORROW starts Voting Early doing: we're what of some here's But escalator. down a up running like is Bay the of health the Restoring @llyydddzz hashtag the w/ tweeting by sticker voted' 'I your Share today? Voting @BrownforMD: RT today. earlier Texas of University the at supporters Davis Wendy join to Happy guitar! the me loaned Dodgers Tomato the of Asher @mddems. &amp; @BrownforMD for Park College in event vote early Great @thedbk @BrownforMD for mall McKeldin at @GovernorOMalley Here's @sung_minkim: MT early! vote @CollegeDemsofMD hope I how: Here's voting. early encourage to in Festival Street Main Waverly the to Went @mddems. &amp; @BrownforMD for early voting about talking @BELBaltimore w/ Baltimore in day Great @mddems. &amp; @BrownforMD for early vote to people encouraging today Baltimore in were I &amp; @SenBillFerg .@BELBaltimore, virus by affected travelers monitoring for plan active our &amp; Ebola to respond to efforts on today Marylanders Updated infection of instances possible any to response smooth ensure to together working We're world. in facilities care health best of some has MD share: &amp; more Read NIH. the Maryland, of University the Hopkins, Johns at experts with procedures these developed We yet? voted early you have week… One @Marice_Morales. candidate Delegate 19 District w/ Metro Glenmont at Campaigning yet? voted you Have night. bank phone Talktober Campaign Coordinated County Montgomery the at supporters with Meeting MD in Vote Early to day last is Tomorrow Station. Metro Carrollton New at ticket Ulman / Brown the for Campaigning cybersecurity. American of epicenter the MD make to doing we're work the about at spoke I Today jobs. STEM for #1 MD named Chamber US the &amp; cybersecurity, like innovation &amp; infrastructure schools, in investing we're jobs, create To us! joining for @IndianEmbassyUS Thanks, House. Government at night last celebration Diwali wonderful a had We @sam_arora. &amp; @arunamiller @KumarBarve, with celebrating pleasure a was It at place polling a -find vote early of day last the Today's today! early voted I Tuesday. Vote @tomhucker. &amp; @jamie_raskin w/ being great Always Spring! Silver in Brown/Ulman for enthusiasm of Lots here: signup but there, some meet or friend a Bring Maryland. across all Brown Anthony for opportunities Volunteer @courtneywatson1 @kenulman @joshkiiim: MT tonight. County Howard in you w/ being great was It Tuesday. @BrownforMD Vote tonight. County George's Prince in Cafe Deal New the at vote the out getting blast a Had night! my made office field Howard the at @GovernorOMalley fr concert Surprise @KatCDonnelly: MT volunteering! 4 Thx @GovernorOMalley! @FRESHFARMSlvrSp, am's this at visit surprise the for Thanks @DTSilverSpring: MT time! great a Had http://t.… @BBMSPTSA @BannekerReads @Principal_BBMS families meet to door to door going staff Banneker greets @GovernorOMalley @BBMSPTSA: RT @BrownforMD. for campaigning while this @FRESHFARMSlvrSp at old &amp; young Marylanders see to Got 2016 talking tried &amp; @GovernorOMalley met I dream a had @KhyChestnut: MT @carter4governor. &amp; @MichelleNunnGA for I'm GA? In 2014! talk Let's vote: to Pledge tonight. in ticket Dem. the &amp; @BrianFrosh for event GOTV Awesome vote: to Pledge Tuesday. @BrownforMD for vote to people reminding @LewisYv w/ Spring Silver In Vote. 4. all opposed leadership…Hogan Dem. w/out happened would've none wage: min. the raising safety, gun Act, DREAM the equality, Marriage tomorrow. vote to family &amp; friends your remind to RT left! day ONE Only @BrownforMD: RT Maryland in progress the continue to @BrownforMD vote &amp; tomorrow for place polling your Lookup here: place polling your Find tonight. 8pm until open stay and Maryland in open are polls The place: polling your Find Governor. for Brown Anthony together. forward move &amp; progress making continue Let’s pic profile FB or avatar Twitter your as created we one the add &amp; sticker Voted" "I your of picture a w/ me at Tweet democrati… the in participating from you stop nothing Let country. this in vote to right the for died and struggled People @repjohnlewis: RT TODAY! - heard is voice your sure Make @BrownforMD: RT child go. to me inspired who someone with sticker voting my shared I @GovernorOMalley @AndreaBlackston: RT hashtag the with sticker Voted' 'I your of photo a Tweet today? for vote you Did @BrownforMD: RT here: place polling your Find pm. 8 until open are Maryland in Polls vote. to time still There's transition. smooth a ensure to him with closely work to pledged &amp; him our to spoke Just court. highest MD's of judge chief former Bell, Robert Judge colorful always the for unveiling portrait the Attended now. out it check account; an need don't You 2015. for prices &amp; plans compare to improved &amp; new the to go now can You Fidelis. Semper Corps. the in served has who present and past everyone to you Thank @USMC. the to birthday 239th Happy website: Connection Health Maryland improved and new at started get and information, find plans, Compare online. losers &amp; winners picking gatekeepers have shouldn't We approach. Neutrality Net Obama's President with agree I sacrifice. &amp; courage their for grateful We're peace." world to dedicated day a year, each of November of day 11th the "on veterans honor We today. earlier Cemetery Veterans Crownsville the at Ceremony Day Veterans comet!" the on are "We're @esaoperations: RT inspiring. absolutely away miles million 310 and years Ten tonight. @MurielBowser &amp; @MikeBloomberg seeing Great mayor. a always mayor, a Once stronger. America makes together families Keeping . to @BarackObama for the act, won't they shown have Republicans cause. great one places; great two - week this Ireland Northern in @Belfast_Beltway in involved all to luck Good Fair. Enrollment @MarylandConnect today’s from video and pictures, stories, great some for Twitter on @drJoshS with in Check @HCAMaryland @MarylandConnect words thousand a worth is picture A do? navigator a does What @drJoshS: RT jobs. enough nearly not &amp; CO2, much too it's : rejects Senate the hope I challenge. climate our meets that agenda jobs a need We Change: Climate on Commission MD the of work &amp; mission membership, the expanding order executive an issued I Today, life. of way our &amp; Bay Chesapeake the to threat this address to continue we that critical is It vulnerable. is MD &amp; real is change Climate 2020: by 25% emissions gas greenhouse reducing of goal our achieve to more do must we but progress, making We're : support to night last @VP with DC in event an at @sr_simone seeing Great work. to back get we tomorrow celebrate, we Tonight fear. in living without families their raise &amp; work now can Millions families. strengthen &amp; millions protect to actions historic @barackobama's about more learn to Visit Award. Tri-Arc CALEA prestigious the earning for @MDSP of women &amp; men brave the to Congratulations it! hold to US the in agency police state ONLY the now is &amp; Award, Tri-Arc the earn to areas program all in certification achieved .@MDSP innovation &amp; infrastructure education, in investing by -- month last ones sector private 3,900 -- jobs creating We're Thanksgiving happy and healthy, safe, a for wishes Best today: Award Colleges Community MD for Champion the with me presenting for @MD_CommColleges, you, Thank 2025: by degree bachelor’s or associate an hold will Marylanders adult of 55% that goal our meet to track on is MD olds: four-year for education pre-k to access expand to grant federal million $15 a awarded been has MD achievement. in world and nation the lead students our of more help will award Yesterday’s success. class middle to ladder a is Education reception: holiday annual our for House Government to employees state of hundreds welcomed we Today years. eight last the over forward Maryland move to worked have who employees state many the to you Thank money. taxpayer with play Street Wall letting &amp; it repealing be shouldn't We ago. years 4 just law into signed was @GovernorOMalley invite the for Thanks @ChoirWj: RT today. House Government at brunch Hanukkah the for us joined @IsraelinUSA from @AmbDermer that Honored Pantry. Food Chesapeake at hungry the feed to @WalmartGiving from $20k winning on @EndHungerCC &amp; @PastorHahn Congrats other? cream, sour sauce, apple latkes: your on prefer you do What Hanukkah. Happy season. holiday this family and friends your with joy boundless you wishing Here's Gross. Alan Maryland, to home Welcome people. Cuban &amp; American the b/t ties closer build &amp; policy Cuba our reset to time It's don't. Embargoes opportunities. creates Diplomacy parole. of possibility the without life to sentences death remaining four Maryland’s commute to intend I closure. of measure some brings this hope &amp; families victims' w/ met I MD. of people the serve not does place in sentences death Leaving remembered. be long will voice fearless clear, Cuomo's Mario tonight. family his &amp; @NYGovCuomo to out go condolences My @Ravens! 'em after Get to About England! New to On @Ravens. to Congrats families. your &amp; you serve to privilege a been It's Governor. as learned I've lessons the on reflect I as me Join roads. the on careful be &amp; updates for @MDSHA @TheMDTA Follow response. snow MD's address to SHA &amp; MEMA with Meeting http://… - more &amp; Dionne Jackson, Rev. Kristol, Kagan, O’Malley, featuring lineup Series Speaker Quarter Winter Our ICYMI: @UChiPolitics: RT challenge climate our meets that agenda jobs a need We jobs. enough nearly not &amp; CO2 much too Creates . on right is .@BarackObama 7: at in Tune tonight. @uchipolitics at @davidaxelrod joining to forward looking aside, complications Snow-related Americans. new embracing &amp; equality promoting by individual, every of dignity the value we when best works society Our generations. previous in were they as well as doing aren’t families most when economy the with wrong something is There stagnate." to continue wages when wrong something "There's @UChiPolitics at O'Malley @KThomasDC: RT lives. save &amp; crime down drive to day every work who America across &amp; Maryland in officers to you thank Day, Enforcement Law Natl On here: more Learn 2006. since by crime violent down drive to work our in way the led has enforcement Law enacted we've laws &amp; made we've choices the in kindness that reflect to sought have I &amp; people compassionate a are We of. made we're what England New show let's @Ravens, today game Big drives. two those with of made Baltimore's what *exactly* England New showing is Flacco Joe . still we but underestimated, Always season. great a but loss, Tough people. many w/so history our share celebrate, to honored was I Baltimore. to people attracted event The ! to Congrats joining! for Thanks economy. Maryland's to $333M brought we events, bicentennial 1812 of War the with Combined better work govt make to leaders of generation next w/ work &amp; professor visiting a as @JHUCarey join to Excited American every to extend should we that right fundamental a is it issue, rights states' a not is . time, about It's children. four my from learned those as valuable as none but Maryland, to service my during lessons many learned I've succeed. can workers our ensure &amp; families help wages, increase to leave paid expand &amp; call President’s the on act to needs Congress mobility. economic increase to nation a as together Let's $ to wage minimum the raising are we MD In stronger. us makes wealthy the for loopholes close &amp; inequality address to Choosing make. we choices the of result a is economy Our stagnation? wage continued not growth, of year a is 2015 ensure to class middle the for do you will What Congress. you, to up it's Now here: address Union the of State tonight's on statement my Read Maryland. of state the bless to continue God May Hogan. Gov. to luck of best and Congratulations Speech Keynote Days Washington Democrats Kansas Deliver To @GovernorOMalley Maryland Former @KansasDems: RT recs BBQ any have you if know me let @SecSebelius &amp; @PaulDavisKS March. in gala @KansasDems keynote to Excited mistake a be would exploration gas and oil to Atlantic the opening why about @NYTimes the in wrote I Today, future. energy independent and secure more a for choices better make must We future. energy clean a toward firmly move must We me? join you Will Atlantic. the along drilling offshore against up standing I'm Romero. Bishop of memory the bless God May all. to open and free is Internet our ensure to step important An interests. special above people puts announcement Today's families. for growing wages keep we ensure to is now challenge The expectations. exceeding jobs &amp; earnings both with report jobs strong Very helm. the at her have to lucky is @SenatorBarb O." "Mrs. as, her know others many as or mom my of proud Very recovery. quick a to road the on I'm &amp; well went surgery Memorial, Union at staff the to Thanks gym. the at weekend the over elbow my Broke consequences unintended mitigating while specifically, ISIS address should AUMF new The citizens our for results better produce can gov't in decision-making data-driven how on @GOVERNING with Spoke priority. national a be *must* This women. for work equal for pay equal for calling @PattyArquette Oscars: the of moment powerful Most fair. and open free, internet the keep to out spoke who millions the for victory a is on vote @FCC Today's March! O'Malley's see to chance your miss Don't fast. going are hour happy professional young Pat's St. my for Tix answer: Easy Congress? Republican the on waiting without raise a class middle the give to do we can What forward. nation and party our move can choices bold how about @SCDP with speak to Carolina South in back be to Excited workers. all for wages better for fight must we again, true come dream American the make To principles. moral our of power the is country our and party our of power fundamental most The us. breaks it before up it break must we and big too it's then fail, to big too is bank a If be. can country our what in pride take but challenges, from away run not must We nation. great a built never anger &amp; Fear future. better the of party the is Ours optimism. of party the is Ours opportunity. of party the is Ours ideas. big &amp; action bold with forward nation &amp; party our move to together work to Time Carolina! South me having for Thanks mentorship. her as well as state our to service her for grateful Very campaign. '86 @SenatorBarb's on politics Maryland in start my got I Hampshire. New to trip my at peak sneak a for GovernorOMalley at me Follow Snapchat. joined just I forward. nation and party our move to Time ! @KansasDems for heartland the in back be to Excited generation. next the for less not more, do to need We prosperity. to way our cut can't we that best know .@KansasDems … attend: to Register government. in decision-making data-driven discuss to us joins @governoromalley Wednesday @BrookingsInst: RT here: along Watch Fighters. Fire of Association International the to speaking be will I 12:30pm at Tomorrow fast. going are Tickets Hour! Happy Leaders Young Pat's St. my until days 10 Fighters: Fire of Association International the to speak I as along Watch people. working and firefighters our economy, our for bad it's but Brothers, Koch the for policy good be might unions out Wiping . me having for you Thank bargain. to right their and jobs, their safety, their for fight will who leaders deserve Firefighters 10AM: at live Watch forward. country our move to how &amp; governing data-driven discussing @BrookingsInst be to Excited level. every at - leadership of way new a for calls it &amp; states blue &amp; red both in emerging is governing data-driven of way new A CitiStat. Baltimore's inspiring &amp; policing data-driven revolutionizing for @CommissBratton &amp; Maple Jack to Shout-out goals. our accomplish to management exec &amp; follow-up need we exercise; box-checking a be just can’t level federal the at table the to Coming @BVI_INN at 3/31 on for @GovernorOMalley Governor Maryland former host will @NECouncil and Institute The @nhiop: RT here: watch can you it, missed you If morning. this @Morning_Joe on time great a Had @Morning_Joe on appearance my of more See leadership. executive want people wages, declining of years 12 After lite. Dodd-Frank of party the be can't We Glass-Steagall. reinstate &amp; seriously reform Street Wall take to need We @UAPipeTrades of Hite Bill President friend my with parade Chicago the in marching time great a Had friends. and @EndaKennyTD with tonight dinner @irlfunds at celebrating fun Had night. Thursday on concert Day Patrick's St. my at look scenes the behind a for @GovernorOMalley at @AppMeerkat on me Follow Concert. Council Leaders Young my at Thursday on you see to hope I Day. Patrick's St. Happy @umterps! go it, about question No Concert. Council Leaders Young my at play March, O’Malley’s band, my see to 7:45PM around tonight in Tune here concert Day Patrick's St. my to in Tune March. O'Malley's with minutes 45 in on Going NOW| |LIVE this. like moments more for @AppMeerkat on me Follow tonight. concert my in tuned who everyone to Thanks op-ed my See key. is Accountability possible. the of realm the outside is meltdown Street Wall another ensure must We VIDEO: has. never It work. doesn't experiment down trickle The Dinner. Blue &amp; White, Red, @ScottCoDems the for tonight Davenport in Gluba Mayor &amp; @DrAndyMc @daveloebsack, friends my with be to Excited wage. minimum for working American every of earnings combined 2x were bonuses Street Wall 2014, In FACT: crisis. financial another prevent we way only the is accountable Street Wall holding and Glass-Steagall Reinstating Dinner! Blue &amp; White, Red, your for tonight me hosting for @ScottCoDems you Thank Tipton. stop: Next Davenport. in here @ScottCoDems with breakfast over meet to morning this early Up tonight. Bluffs Council in Dems County Pottawattamie the and Gronstal Leader friend my see to Great Virginia! West Beat @TerrapinHoops! Go VIDEO: work. to supposed is economy our how not is This wage. minimum for working American every of earnings combined 2x were bonuses Street Wall year Last ! Happy times. for listings local your Check @GStephanopoulos. with speaking be I'll morning. tomorrow @ThisWeekABC to in Tune @GStephanopoulos. with conversation my for morning this @ThisWeekABC catch to forget Don't @ThisWeekABC: on @GStephanopoulos with morning this from interview my Watch ICYMI: party. other the intimidate to trying totally is and party one owns Street Wall if as It’s fight. fair a even not it’s now, Right planet. this on people as and Americans as face we problems the solve to us for needed are perspectives New Four! Final stop: Next ! @umdwbb to Congrats morning. this breakfast @nhiop's &amp; @NECouncil’s the at turn my for Hampshire New in back be to Excited dignity with retire to them allow &amp; poverty abject from seniors our save to Security Social expand &amp; strengthen to need We country. our of principles greater and deeper the for stands that party a be to got We've economy. innovation an building on conversation important an for today me hosting for @Dyn to Thanks tonight! hour social @nhyoungdems the at guitar your borrow me letting for @huckmontgomery Thanks one. this like losses tragic endured have nation the across families many too Far family. Scott's w/Walter are prayers &amp; thoughts My justice. ensure to video a take shouldn't It important. so are transparency &amp; accountability why shows it but appalling is video This … . the back bringing about speech Inspiring . @iahousedemocrat the addressing .@GovernorOMalley @StaedArt: RT Beaverdale in @GovernorOMalley for crowd packed Crazy O'Malley-mentum! that Feel @IAStartingLine: RT NOW| |LIVE 7:30! at tonight in Tune @IowaPress. on @jamesqlynch @okayhenderson, joining be to Glad ET: 8:30PM at here live Watch tonight! speak to me inviting for @PolkDems Thanks Moines. Des in back be to Excited soon! again you seeing to forward Look event. great night's last hosting for @polkdems you Thank here: along Follow together. communities bring can we how discuss &amp; address to Honored many. too one is - Scott Walter of that like - shooting police unjustified One Simpsons. The loved always I've record, the For prediction: &amp; appearance my out Check Insiders. The on @idaveprice with down sat I Iowa, in week This w/it: away do to reasons more 152 Americans. as values w/our odds at &amp; expensive, ineffective, is penalty death The economy. our for good but women, for good only not is work equal for pay Equal businesses. women-owned for state #1 MD made have to and law into Ledbetter Lilly signed have to proud Governor, As 6PM: at in Tune Everyone." for Works That Economy an "Building on @JFKJrForum Harvard's to tomorrow speak to Excited VIDEO: right. human a is it right, state a not is marry to right the that us tells person every of dignity The live: Watch @JFKJrForum. to everyone for works that economy an for agenda my out laying be I'll 6PM, at Tonight http:… Everyone" for Works That Economy an "Building on PM 6 at @GovernorOMalley FORUM the in TONIGHT @JFKJrForum: RT them. depress would that policies promoting not wages, raising be must #1 Job mistake. a be would with Proceeding Livestream: . an building on @JFKJrForum @HarvardIOP’s to speak I as tonight 6PM at along Watch balance. better a demanding are Americans crash. ’08 the after benefits retirement and homes, jobs, lost us of Millions much. as 331x earns CEO average the Today, worker. average their 46x earned CEOs 1980s, the In WWII. since happened has that time first the is This ago. years 12 were they than lower are US the in Wages organize. to workers for easier it make &amp; pay, overtime for threshold the wage, minimum the raise must We futures. students' our for norm the plans repayment income-based make and loans their refinance to students allow Let's untouchable? are you economy world’s the wreck you if but taillight, broken a for country this in over pulled get you can How overseas. jobs ship and wages hurt that Partnership Trans-Pacific the like deals trade bad end must We them. expand must we benefits, Security Social privatizing or reducing than Rather VIDEO: pay. equal &amp; Americans new for licenses driver's equality, marriage means country our in participation Fuller in. tune you'll Hope Sunday. this @FaceTheNation on @BobSchieffer with speaking to forward Looking . the on authority Track" "Fast oppose to Congress on calling in me Join @BobSchieffer. with one-on-one speaking be I'll morning. this shortly up coming @FaceTheNation watch to forget Don't http://… 'pitchforks.' not rebalancing,' 'sensible needs economy America's @NPRinskeep tells @GovernorOMalley up, Coming @MorningEdition: RT h… future. economic America's for paths 2 sees @GovernorOMalley hopeful presidential Dem Possible @MorningEdition: RT Street. Wall of deregulation &amp; power accumulated wealth, concentrated of b/c us of all for working not is economy Our wages. depress &amp; top the at wealth concentrate only which theories trickle-down failed on down doubling is GOP The home. at here economy our help to nothing does which abroad, wages lower of chasing a bottom, the to race a is everyone. for works that economy an for fight Let's 🐂. the cut to Republicans tell and me with Stand . we is it crucial how about speak to Summit @SCActionNetwork at 1:45 at today @Mark_Shriver friend my Joining fast-track. &amp; TPP oppose I why That’s sense. common it's - choice hard a not it's line, the on are jobs US When stand. leaders where know to deserve Americans fast-track. &amp; TPP opposing in me Join amount. fair a stuff their cover fan. Pogues BIG @poguesofficial .@tmazorlig family. his to out go prayers &amp; thoughts My death. tragic Gray's Freddie by troubled Very heard. voices our make Let's sense. common just is TPP like deals trade bad Opposing families. Porto Lo &amp; Weinstein the to out goes heart My America. &amp; MD of best the represented Weinstein Warren kids. our for have to want we if do should we what about @washingtonpost the for Op-Ed an wrote I @medium on piece my read also can You earned. people its more the learned, people its more the that see to enough farsighted and generous was that country a in up grew dad My family. a start to enough earned and Bill GI the on college to went He ahead. future bright and strong a was there back, gave and hard worked we if that knowing raised were I and siblings My debt. with graduating are - 70% - students of majority vast The bargain. same the getting aren’t kids our Today, growing. and trillion $ is country our in debt loan student Total act. to have will government federal the debt, student in dent a make really To straightforward. and simple are solutions the Fortunately, have. already they debt the refinance to students allow must Congress 1st, loans. college refinance to way a out figure can we banks, big out bail to able were we If loans. students’ on payments monthly minimum the cap should we 2nd, opt-out. to option an with programs repayment income-based in automatic-enrollment with this do can We debt. student relieving toward way long a go will proposals two these Alone, everyone. for affordable college make to have we good for crisis debt student the end To here: proposals my about more read can You @UofMaryland and here supporting for @brendaniribe CEO to Thanks today. @Oculus touring time great a Had soon. again back being forward look and everyone seeing Great ! for me having for @SCDP &amp; @Harrison4SC to Thanks played. Well President. Mr. played, Well life. his honor and remember we as today friends and family Gray's Freddie with are prayers and thoughts My family(1/2) his &amp; Gray Freddie for grief of feeling profound a share us of All night. this pain such in is love I City the that saddened I'm people(2/2) Baltimore's of all for future just more &amp; safer a into pain &amp; loss of moment this transform to City one as together come must We out: Check neighborhood? your assist come to people for looking or volunteer to Want @MayorSRB: RT Baltimore" in is future "Our More of Capable Are We a… on @GovernorOMalley Mayor BMore former with interview exclusive TV --our more and policing crime, poverty, Race, @jaketapper: RT http://t… @GovernorOMalley for q's tough some &amp; case the on news breaking latest the all : on up Coming @jaketapper: RT … on @jaketapper to @GovernorOMalley Maryland former says race, on conversation larger a need We @TheLeadCNN: RT back. be will Baltimore &amp; defeated not is Baltimore setback, heartbreaking a was this While Baltimore. talk to AM this @chucktodd joined I understan… deeper need we and problems, deep have We country. entire the for call up wake a be should This .@GovernorOMalley: @NBCNewsPR: RT country. our on towel the in throw to about not are we and city, a as defeated not are We cities. nation's our of future the &amp; Baltimore on tonight @JamesFallows with discussion good a to forward Looking Day! Mothers Happy Grandma. and Mom amazing an as does she all for thanks Mom my tell to sec a take to want Just . stop &amp; better demand must We up. stood who Senators the &amp; voice your to thanks today forward move not did TPP → plans my about know to first the Be up. coming announcement big a have I @Snapchat on me follow latest, the get To wknd this Baltimore in it See WWII). in them flew dad (my recently Liberator B-24 a boarded We families for values-esp our against &amp; costly cruel, are Detentions camps. detention wire barbed building of business the in be not should We them. end &amp; principles our with lead Let's -&gt; know to first the Be camps. detention wire barbed building of business the in be not should We people a as are we who reflect doesn't it &amp; work doesn't It principle. on penalty death the to opposed am I us? with you Are days. coming the in decision a making be We’ll ET! 12pm @ out find to GovernorOMalley at Snapchat on me Follow 30th. May on announcement upcoming my about share to news exciting got I've leadership: new Support announcement. special a for MD Baltimore, in Hill Federal on 10am at 30th May on me Join grows. economy whole our &amp; customers more have businesses more, earn workers When LA! done, Well it? see you Did week. last Hampshire New in announcement major a made I it? see you Did week. last Hampshire New in announcement major a made I world. the in freedom and democracy of light shining a as role its embraces it when best its at is America -&gt; first out Find President? for running I Am Shine!" It “Let @BloomLuka! Birthday Happy there? be you Will American. deeply were dreams their but immigrants, were grand-parents parent's My land strange a in strangers once all were we reminder a as Apply", Need Irish “No said that desk my on sign a kept I . to no say and act must House The jobs. American against vote a was vote fast-track today's clear: is position My equality. marriage for cheers three -- Irish be to day great a It's dignity. human and rights equal for forward marches progress America, across all and to Maryland From heroes. fallen our remember and honor we Today, Stay tomorrow! announcement big a making I'm @ThisWeekABC. on it See announcement.” “big his after exclusively @GovernorOMalley w/ down sit I'll Tomorrow, @GStephanopoulos: RT morning. this moment big a for Prepping live: Watch announcement! big morning's this to in Tune you? Are ready. are O'Malley's The Watch: Dream. American the rebuild to president for running I'm announcement big O'Malley's Governor to in Tune : on LIVE Dream" American the about today you with talk to want "I Watch: Dream. American the rebuild to president for running I'm American." spare a as thing such no is There print. fine no was there &amp; self-evident two on founded was nation "Our ago." years 8 was it than now higher is the across towns small many in and cities American many in "Unemployment soars." Street Wall while declines, Street Main inequality. of land a into turned being is opportunity of land "Our people." our of people—all is economy our money, isn't economy "Our -Martin me: Join future. your and you, for running I'm President. for candidacy my announced I Today, wages." better for bargain collectively &amp; organize to workers of rights the for respect &amp; wage minimum higher a needs "America reform." immigration comprehensive passing by shadows the of out neighbors our of million 11 bring also must "We it." write to about is Americans of generation this because book, history a in not is days best country’s our of story "The YOU. for running am I and States, United the of President for candidate a am I that declare I Today, America. for visions our about debate healthy a in engage to eager I'm Hillary. Thanks, .@HillaryClinton dream American the rebuild to campaign our Join everyone. for again work economy our make to need We entrant! another for primary GOP in room still There's @SarahPalinUSA. years, these all after you from hear to Good it: rebuild Help us. of all to belongs Dream American The in! tune to sure Make #2016. talk to morning this 7:10 at @GMA on be I'll Dream American rebuild to need and #2016 discuss to now @GMA Joining running: Martin’s why out Find weekend? this announcement big the Miss 6:30! @ @Univision to in Tune 2016. in issues immigration &amp; Latino of importance vital talk to @MariaESalinas Joining record: Martin's about more Marylanders—read of 86% for taxes income lower helped &amp; MD in wage minimum the raised He us: Join together. work we if fun more be it'll but go, to way long a got We've Hampshire. New from Snapshots American: spare a as thing such no is There @omalleyforNH &amp; @omalleyforIA involved: get to how on updates for them Follow Twitter! on are Hampshire New and Iowa in teams grassroots Our more: Read campaign. presidential his launching after stop first @governoromalley’s was Iowa @omalleyforia: RT them: for running not I'm hear. to Good Sachs." Goldman of halls the in #1 enemy public now is "O'Malley year. this violence gun to victim fall will who people 33,000 than more the for today, We're Sunday past this Hampshire New in voters greets .@GovernorOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT Americans: ALL for employment equal and rights civil upheld Court Supreme the proud I'm … up sign &amp; more out Find Dream. American the rebuild to want We @omalleyfornh: RT today: free, yours Get stickers! bumper away giving We're now! @USHCC the with discussion my see to in Tune today! @USHCC with them about talk to chance the had I thankful I'm all. us affect that issues Street: Wall immigration, trade, Wage-gap, pronto! vemos nos y !Gracias .@USHCC dignity. human for day Maryland—a for bill this signed we day the forget never I'll : harder… not vote, to people for easier it making be should we that and right sacred a is voting believes .@governoromalley @omalleyfornh: RT voters.… early for registration &amp;same-day registration voter online established voting, early instituted .@governoromalley @omalleyfornh: RT Dream" American the save to looking people the of candidate a as himself painting in steadfast remained "O’Malley economy: shadow a in living people million 11 keep to continue cannot We students: ALL to meals free give to Baltimore in step BIG behind. left be &amp; hungry school to go should child No http… AM this Dems Manchester with and about talks @MattSheaff Dir State Deputy .@omalleyfornh @omalleyfornh: RT @omalleyforia here: team Iowa our parade—join Waukee the at day Great volunteers! our love We stop. Full Americans. hard-working for wage minimum $15 a support I simple: It's record: his about more Read contractors. for wage living a passed &amp; wage min. MD’s raised O’Malley Governor, As me. with you’re if RT office. in days 100 first my within reform immigration comprehensive pass to work I’ll : para campaña nuestra a Unete español! en pagina mi lancè ¡Hoy http… &amp; about Dems County Rockingham w talking @bivonajohn Director State .@omalleyfornh @omalleyfornh: RT … tonight &amp; about Dems City Nashua w/ talks @AVusk RFD .@omalleyfornh @omalleyfornh: RT @ForeignPolicy: in op-ed my Read cybersecurity. nation’s our improve to needed urgently is agenda new A @omalleyforia me: parties—join house few a for Iowa to coming I'm Thursday, This nation: the for forward path a provides issues cybersecurity on achievement of record Maryland’s … City &amp;Iowa Vernon Mt Marshalltown, in events the for RSVP Thursday? on visit @governoromalley's for Ready @omalleyforia: RT http://t… . and about talk to fun was It today. Dover in Wendy with meeting Great @jtackeff: RT … @GovernorOMalley writes seriously, cybersecurity take to needs – president next the and – government The @ForeignPolicy: RT repeat): (on playlist campaign our to Adding @omalleyforia there: you see to Hope tomorrow! Iowa to return to Excited . more—on do better, lead—do to continue must We decarbonization. to commits historic: is This reality: this face rules the by play who people that just nor right, nor fair, not is It ! for ready is Barr Lawrie Chair Democratic Francestown's @AVusk: RT in: Tune 8am! at tomorrow @jackheathradio on being to forward Looking descent. Irish and German of Americans parents—proud my with picture early very a : Vernon Mt sw st 3rd 321 @530 tonight @GovernorOMalley meet Come @SCohen22: RT … today! @GovernorOMalley with events great 3 for Ready team. IA the with trip road First @ksosanie: RT here: volunteer to up sign Or, today! events our of one to out come @ksosanie @BaughanJacob … table snack the guards Fiona Marshalltown, in @GovernorOMalley host to prepare Dad &amp; Mom her While @omalleyforia: RT arrives! @GovernorOMalley as Marshalltown in crowd Great @JakeOeth: RT ht… packed room Living heavy. pretty is Rain @GovernorOMalley. house inside spot a 2get able weren't who people Greeting @LaurenBlanch12: RT @omalleyforia porch! the on going conversation —overflow for IA Marshalltown, in house Packed @GovernorOMalley hear to windows the through watching crowd Overflow @ericlitmer: RT … Iowans 65 than more from questions took &amp; spoke Marshalltown in .@governoromalley @omalleyforia: RT Marshalltown in strong going @GovernorOMalley for students College @ksosanie: RT … Iowa! in house packed another at Vernon Mt in @GovernorOMalley introducing now Willems Nate Rep @omalleyforia: RT ! for excitement of Lots house! full this at only room standing @GovernorOMalley .@JakeOeth @JosephOHern: RT party! house packed a at IA Vernon, Mt. in questions Taking ! for caucus to commit to ready Vernon Mt. in supporters of room a at Looking http://t… tonight! home their in Iowans 80+ &amp; @GovernorOMalley hosting for Family Willems the to much so Thanks @omalleyforia: RT 2016. for listen and involved get to opportunity Great City. Iowa in tonight speak @GovernorOMalley to Listening @rioventricular: RT speak. to chair on Stands room. in hand every shakes .@GovernorOMalley @johndeeth: RT . for ready supporters meeting day incredible an was it City, Iowa &amp; Vernon Mt. to Marshalltown, From http:… to commit to Proud event. past from me recognized @GovernorOMalley politician. retail Good @BrianHeeren: RT and about IA Rapids, Cedar in Council Labor Hawkeye the to speaking road: the from Clip read. to allowed not are Americans that deal trade a on vote not should wide—Congress and far this Share today: RSVP you. meet to want I and tomorrow, Hampshire New to returning I’m few: a had we Yesterday, conversation. a have to expect Iowa of people The Portsmouth! in volunteers up Signing portsmouth. in here @GovernorOMalley see to Great @caroseberryenh: RT Day Square Market at Dems Portsmouth with O'Malley Martin @McCrayLaurie: RT days square market Portsmouth at music Celtic little A @omalleyfornh: RT way. Hampshire New The voters. meeting and questions Taking @omalleyfornh: RT … green boosting while use energy emissions, reduce to goals set MD Says environment. on @GovernorOMalley for question 1st @BradyCarlson: RT … Dover! in here fro-yo some enjoying and talking .@GovernorOMalley @jtackeff: RT challenge. tough a of afraid not is who leader a deserve people &amp; people, is economy Our hand every shaking --- Dover in O'Malley Governor @SomersworthDems: RT service. their for them thank to Manchester in @ServiceNation by Stopped http:… @americorps of funding full to commits @GovernorOMalley - on bolder" bigger, go to got "We've @shaunadamec: RT Ian! Thanks, … trail. the on smart and Joyful press. the &amp; people meeting enjoys clearly .@GovernorOMalley @Jay1043: RT guitar. the on tunes celtic great some Day—and Square Market at yesterday Portsmouth in crowds Big shadows. the of out immigrants our bring to working Americans New &amp; DREAMers the to Thanks ! Anniversary Happy you: for together all it put We’ve Iowa? to trip our of some on out Miss livelihood. their &amp; future their on vote a it’s issue: 'process' a not is track fast TPP, with line the on are jobs whose thousands the For me: with TPP—stand on stand I where know I leadership. for time the is Now economy. the on focus a with progressives up fired @governoromalley Marshalltown, In @iowadailydem: RT forward. nation our move will that values progressive the for fight we as team our on Peter have to Glad it. reinstate to now work must We law. into signed was Glass-Steagall today, ago years 80 Over @omalleyforia board: on Get . for campaign our joined IA Davenport, from Ed @omalleyfornh soon: there you see to Hope office! Manchester our on touches final the Putting out us check Come open. is Manchester in Willow S. 223 at office Our @omalleyfornh: RT Republic: Dominican the in persecuted Haitians on backs our turn cannot leadership—we moral show must The them! take can I invite? formal a this Is .@ijreview prayers. our in community AME the &amp; Charleston keeping are I &amp; Katie ones. loved their &amp; tragedy this of victims the to out goes heart My coverage: lose thousands before act must We crisis. healthcare a facing is in. tune -- Carolina South in tragedy the discuss to morning this 7:30 at @msnbc @morning_joe on be I'll @GovernorOMalley! Coming @Morning_Joe: RT nation. a as now, act must we asking: stop must We violence? this stop to take will it what asking We're pissed. I’m in. living be to want we America the not is this thinking: all we're what say we time It's crisis. national a is this recognize we time It's me? with You streets. safe and worship, to places safe schools, safe to right the has Everyone always. and today, him of Thinking lawyer. dedicated and man brave a bombardier, a vet, war a of son the be to Proud in: Tune @usmayors. to live speak I’ll minutes 30 just In live: @usmayors—watch now Speaking America. in massacre gun senseless Another country. our of life the in week sad a in together come We forgiveness. saw We rise. nation our of spirit true the saw we massacre, racial despicable carnage—this this of out Yet, nation? a as something do we that ask to much too it is forgive, can Charleston in affected families the If museum? a to flag Confederate the retire to officials government state SC ask to much too it is forgive, can Charleston of families If NRA? the of lobbyists Congressional the to up stand we before people a as endure to have we do violence of acts senseless many How @GovernorOMalley Americans" great be to time have still "we better be must America @lblarrea: RT http://… all." for and of places as America's rebuild must "We @GovernorOMalley: @jeffjamawat: RT museum. a to flag Confederate the retire Carolina South of officials govt state that time It's States. United the in guns the all than more worth is America in life single A down. it take saying: in me Join hate. for banner rallying this adorn should building govt No challenge. this overcoming in best the you wishing and family, your and you to prayers &amp; thoughts our sending are I and Katie .@LarryHogan college. attend to bombardier WWII a dad, my enabled this and law, into Bill GI the signed Roosevelt President today, ago years 71 futures. their for beyond &amp; above go services—to training job &amp; care, health education, best the to access provide to vets our to it owe We read? to allowed aren’t us of rest the that enviro. &amp; jobs, wages, economy, our affecting bills on votes Congress when to come we have What abroad. jobs American more send and workers American for wages depress that deals trade bad fast-tracking be not should We … Sunday: on events public 3 our of one at Iowa in @GovernorOMalley meet Come all! to open are events Our @omalleyforia: RT … here: RSVP events. grassroots 3 for Sunday on Iowa central &amp; western to coming is .@GovernorOMalley @omalleyforia: RT jobs: new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country yrs—our 35 believe—within I energy: clean 100% to commitment and plan, climate my profiles .@motherboard … here listen @WNTK997 on 8:40 at about @bensarro w/ talks @GovernorOMalley NH! morning Good @omalleyfornh: RT today: RSVP Sunday. this discussion a for me join to Iowan interested every inviting I’m swiftly. passes this hope I . to legislation their with leadership incredible showing are @repjohnlewis &amp; .@SenatorLeahy picture! profile your updating by support &amp; us join equality, marriage on decisions SCOTUS await we As @MartinOMalley for Rapids Cedar in groundwork the laying @SCohen22 @afreedman23: RT about: are unions what is victory of kind This protections. safety &amp; health better won who @steelworkers to Congrats nation. this in person every to care health bring to efforts our redouble must we failed, stop to attempt ideological this that Now coverage. health affordable and quality access Americans million 17 than more helped has Act Care Affordable The communities. &amp; cities our in opportunity and justice for win important an is decision Housing Fair Today's world. the in role America’s &amp; security, national policy, foreign on speak to me—honored having for @TrumanProject Thanks sir. Yes, . on based .@MartinOMalley: @AlexandraIToma: RT @MartinO… - tools?" economic and diplomatic, military, our of use the balance we do how questions: right the ask must "We @TrumanProject: RT alone. it going than rather collaboration, and engagement on policy—based foreign proactive &amp; far-sighted more a create must We imperative. security national and economic an both is reform immigration Comprehensive 2050 by US in production energy clean 100% wants .@MartinOMalley: @Jon_Scanlon: RT 2050. by energy, clean by 100% powered is country our ensures that plan ambitious an pursuing by way the lead must &amp; can America http://… @CCAN! to Props . at story success energy clean a as use @MartinOMalley hear to Amazing @WindyGlick: RT ISIS. defeat &amp; degrade contain, to need they what have partners our propaganda—ensure counter region, the in voices credible amplify must We -@MartinOMalley security." our maintain we can economy inclusive more stronger, a with "Only @TrumanProject: RT class. middle growing a &amp; democracy, strong a economy, vibrant a as safe as us keep will battalion troop or jet fighter No law. the under equality and dignity human of issue important this on way the leading for MD of people the to grateful So love. than right human greater no There’s MD. in equality marriage passed we day the on moms his and Will of Reminded happen it make helped who advocates the thanking &amp; decision today’s celebrating in me country—join our for day a What celebration! the in part take to —had that excited So … Festival Pride Cities Twin the at @MartinOMalley about folks to speaking for @sassygabe to out shout Special @WhitneyLarsen77: RT .@MartinOMalley for caucus to excited are Fair County Linn the at Folks @afreedman23: RT @omalleyforia Democrats County Dallas the with today Parade Redfield the at it working .@kiera__h @ChouBenjamin: RT City Sioux in @martinomalley for crowd Big @mhildreth: RT http:… @MartinOMalley candidate. my love I Questions!" part! fun the is this "Now @clairequestion: RT … @MartinOMalley! see to Ames to hours of pilgrimage the Made @realgregmargida: RT … state! the across traveling day great a after Ames in event @MartinOMalley a on setting Sun @JakeOeth: RT people" our of All people. is economy Our money. not is economy "our @MartinOMalley @PsychoJaguar: RT yrs. 35 w/in fuels fossil on reliance our ending to commit &amp; energy clean to transition to need the reinforces decision @EPA Today’s crisis. health public a and failure moral a is plants power dirtiest our by produced toxins other and arsenic, mercury, the limit to Failing year: each Americans 200,000 of lives the extend would fuels fossil on reliance our Ending Iowa: from moments more out Check people.” our of All people. is economy Our money. not is economy “Our … @MartinOMalley up. First America. for platform their about candidates 2016 asking we're Iowa in Here @RuralOrganizing: RT prevalent. too far still is employees LGBT against discrimination right—but human a is marriage that affirmed week Last federally. protections those expand must we Now identity. gender of basis the on Marylanders protect to laws expand helped I Gov., As out: it Check @storify. on volunteers &amp; organizers field our of life the in day A http://t… at donate please in @MartinOMalley for tonight calling volunteers of house Full @MollieByron: RT collapse. deck a in killed immigrants Irish young for condolence of book a sign to NY in Consulate Irish the Visited for: advocated long I've issue millions—an for pay overtime extend to decision administrations the applaud I class. middle our rebuild to wage min $15 a need We way! the leading for @1199mass workers care home the to Congrats promise. that jeopardize could on ruling bargain— collectively &amp; organize to workers all of rights the respect to need We http://… renewables from energy our all get can We @DMRegister: today's in op-ed @MartinOMalley's at look a Take @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… here: op-ed full the Read investments. &amp; jobs American of thousands &amp; supporting for @MartinOMalley you Thank @AR_Future: RT @UNITEDWEDREAM LGBT. comunidad la a defendiendo todos a Agradezco valores. nuestros de contra en van y costosas crueles, son detenciones Las @unitedwedream Americans. New LGBT of behalf on rallying those commend I values. our against &amp; costly cruel, are Detentions collapse. financial avoid help to now act must @WhiteHouse the and Congress . en económico colapso un evitar para inmediato de actuar deben @lacasablanca la y Congreso El us: join &amp; in Pitch left. hour 1 have only we but campaign, this of goal fundraising first our reach us help can You … us! Join energy. &amp; change climate about talking Iowa in weekend July of 4th spending is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT hemisphere. &amp; relationship our strengthen to plans with forward move &amp; @StateDept see to Glad opportunity. creates Diplomacy hemisferio. el y relación nuestra fortalecer para adelante hacia paso otro dando están &amp; @StateDept oportunidades. crea diplomacia La informados. estamos ustedes a Gracias issues. pressing such on informed being us for responsible is media language Spanish TY! .@UniPolitica trip: last my on discussed we what Watch agenda. jobs a with challenge climate the met tomorrow—they've IA to Going opportunities: &amp; jobs new with economy an create can we investments these seed we homes—if zero net design, Green deuda. su reestructuren de corporaciones las que permitir debe Congreso El acuerdo. de Estoy .@nytopinion court. in debt restructure to corporations public 's allow to have lawmakers federal agree, I .@nytopinion … ethanol. talk to Bluffs Council in Energy Renewable Iowa Southwest at arrives .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT … Bluffs Council in Energy Renewable Iowa Southwest at jobs energy &amp; ethanol talking .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT IA. Bluffs, Council in here at ethanol refining around processes and products the Discussing generation… new for important 's best the of some area our for &amp; jobs steady are "These @MartinOMalley: to CEO SIRE @ksosanie: RT future. energy renewable clean, a to shoulders our square must We @MartinOMalley! and @DallasCoDem the with @1908Draught house Full @JosephOHern: RT … @MartinOMalley! meet to want just Folks toes. my of tips the on and corner a in I'm packed. Absolutely @ChouBenjamin: RT … businesses women-owned for #1 was Maryland that saying for applause gets .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT chorus. in joining house Packed Iowa. in along sing a leading .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT jobs! &amp; energy clean about conversations great &amp; support Waukee—great in day the up Wrapped … @MartinOMalley! for caucus to committed Moines Des West from Dianna tonight, speak him hearing After @omalleyforia: RT future. our for example an production, energy clean in way the leading is turbine—Iowa wind DMACC the Touring today! @omalleyforia and @MartinOMalley for IA , in crowd a What Wow. @ericlitmer: RT ! for excited are who democrats county jasper meeting .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT … jobs energy clean quality w/ Dream American the rebuilding about talking @MartinOMalley IA Newton, In @ksosanie: RT gra… for taken caucus-goer potential No room. the in everyone meet to time the takes @GovernorOMalley that like really I @greghauenstein: RT Newton! in here questions taking stop won't .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT you? will When @MartinOMalley for caucus to committed has Kaley @HeavenAndBalder: RT room! the in everyone from hearing enjoy conversations—I 60 and handshakes 60 means That consumers. &amp; environment our for better energy—it's clean of production incentivize should We Iowa. Sing, http://t… Waterloo in Dream American rebuilding &amp; energy renewable talking @MartinOMalley day, the of stop Third @omalleyforia: RT … us! with walked who all to thanks Independence- in parade today’s of end the at @MartinOMalley Team @omalleyforia: RT … Day! Independence Happy say: IA Independence, of Scouts Girl the with .@martinomalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… @martinomalley and for support of Lots Amherst! in 4th July celebrating .@omalleyfornh @bivonajohn: RT … too up sign can You . @MartinOMalley for Amherst in here continue ups Sign @omalleyfornh: RT today. Dubuque in States United the of President for @martinomalley endorses Murphy John @omalleyforia: RT wolfeboro! in for Ready @omalleyfornh: RT @omalleyfornh Hampshire! New in parade Amherst the in proud and Loud today! @MartinOMalley for caucus to committed Dubuque in Healey Kevin @JakeOeth: RT team! O'Malley the from Day Independence IA—happy Dubuque, and Independence to NH Wolfeboro, and Amherst From … @MartinOMalley &amp; Dems County Clinton with picnic July of 4th a -- tour 3-day successful a end to way Perfect @omalleyforia: RT … Day. Independence on IA Clinton, in -@martinomalley green” go must we means blue and white, red, our of love “The @omalleyforia: RT information more for up Sign Wednesday! on Hampshire New in back is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT home. trophy the bringing for @ussoccer_wnt of Proud champs!! world new the to Congrats Iowa. in volunteer a she's Now, 2014. in speak him hearing after O’Malley supported quickly Cheryl @omalleyforia weekend: this Iowa from moments key WATCH—some them! join and Hampshire, New to Iowa from volunteers new of faces the out Check leadership! new for need great country's this about talk to @pchowder Arnesen Arnie join I as Noon at live Listen leadership. new and about chat to Noon at live @pchowder join I as momentarily in Tune … @pchowder with talking @MartinOMalley - family" every for real be should Dream American "The @MattSheaff: RT … @martinomalley - progress." make to together people bring can it problems, solve can "Leadership @omalleyforia: RT @time: on op-ed policy foreign my home—read at strength economic is world the in strength American of cornerstone The crash. another preventing in essential Glass-Steagall—it's reintroducing for @SenAngusKing @SenatorCantwell @SenJohnMccain @SenWarren Thanks families. hard-working down bringing from meltdown Street Wall another prevent must We Keynote Deliver to @MartinOMalley Candidate Presidential Democratic @latinpost: RT us? with yours share you Will today. story her sharing for Grace of proud I’m Crisis” Debt Rico’s Puerto for Solution Right the Has O’Malley "Martin @NicholsUprising, Via potential. true their fulfilling from back Americans New hold not must We … @tuohy via debt student college public eliminating on stumps @MartinOMalley Gov. Maryland @omalleyfornh: RT … parents and students, professors, with debt student discuss to morning this Institute the at is .@MartinOMalley @nhiop: RT … O'Neil Dan Alderman with Manchester in Blake's at voters meet to stop impromptu an makes .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … Manchester in Blakes's at voters with plan college free debt about talking .@MartinOMalley @MattSheaff: RT nation: the for plan a announced I MD—today, in this addressed I graduation. upon debt student face students of 70% school to back going parents for support care child Even around. all plan Solid @OmarWoodard: RT … states. other to relative fell Tuition 3%. at hikes capped then &amp; years for Md. in tuition froze .@MartinOMalley @jfritze: RT student. every for college debt-free provide to plan my supporting for @Demos_org @BoldProgressive Thanks h… happen! it make to experience the and them, implement to plans positions, right the has @MartinOMalley @edisonmcdonald: RT … @usedgov @WhiteHouse @arneduncan note Take @MartinOMalley Thanks funding. college on leadership true see to Great @paulah: RT prior… top a education making to forward Looking education. &amp; Iowa about staff @MartinOMalley w/ conversation great a Had @MrJoshuaBrown: RT … then semester each tuition together scraping family my remember I plan. college comprehensive @MartinOMalley support I @Eva4organizing: RT … 60. I'm until loans my off paying be I'll school. law thru myself put I dream, American the chase To @GradsHaveDebt2: RT debt-free: college make to nation the for plan my released I’ve MD—now in worked what know I affordable. college make will he said he and @MartinOMalley, met I Today @meganbrabec: RT htt… it. about serious he's shows record his And impressive. pretty is debt-free college make to plan O'Malley's Governor @eddiequintana: RT https://t.… years! four for Maryland of System University the for tuition college freezing for @GovernorOMalley, you, Thank @Students4MD: RT American. every for opportunities providing about It’s stuff.” “free about not is college debt-free no, .@JebBush ⬇️ college debt-free for plan @MartinOMalley's out check 👀 @CollegeDemsofMA: RT … . on action about talking @MartinOMalley will." political the it's lacking, is that technology the not is "It @gisellahart: RT Concord in hall town backyard @MartinOMalley at here turnout Great @omalleyfornh: RT Land. Your Is Land This standbys: his of one in crowd the leads .@GovernorOMalley @caseymcdermott: RT prosperity.… to way our cut cannot "We democrat. proud a like sounding tonight NH Concord, in @MartinOMalley see to Glad @jillianmaccini: RT … Concord. in event great a after hand last every shaking .@MartinOMalley @bivonajohn: RT … feasible. seems It it. like really I and affordable more college make to plan @MartinOMalley's read just I @dominiclm_: RT . talking @MartinOMalley with NH in day Great @MattSheaff: RT … alike heads agency and banks after Goes Street. Wall on paper white 10-page a drop to O'Malley Martin @Phil_Mattingly: RT economy: our to risks enormous posed they’ve long too megabanks—for Street’s Wall to letter open my annotate and Read … Genius: with it Annotate megabanks? Street's Wall to letter open @MartinOMalley's on Thoughts @Genius: RT see: to Street Wall for comment own your add to @Genius use and letter, my to on Sign Agree? http:/… Rauh Mary them”- at talk just doesn’t he engages, he people, to listens he people, at looks "‘He @MartinOMalley On @omalleyfornh: RT unconditionally. and immediately released be should They families. their and Gaza, in held citizens Israeli two the to out goes heart My lead. my follow will candidates Pres. other hope accountable—I megabanks Street Wall hold to tirelessly work I’ll stuff: Good agenda. climate his on @MartinOMalley candidate pres Dem. from op-ed this saw Just @hughbartling: RT letter: the Read Street" Wall At Hard Swinging Out Comes O'Malley "Martin @micnews Via in. tune -- tonight EST 8:30pm at @chrislhayes with @msnbc on be I'll up! broken be should they then fail, to big too are banks big the If best. it said O'Malley Martin @Zenber1: RT Watch: more. &amp; MD of Governor as record my college, debt-free reform, Street Wall discussed I &amp; @chrislhayes Tonight, megabanks and Street Wall against hard swinging out came just @martinomalley So @PolicyMic: RT embrace. should we sacrifices &amp; passions talents, have Americans All heart. my to close poem A país. este de esencia la son ayer: de y hoy de inmigrantes los a solidaridad de poema un Ofrezco them: about something done who's one only the I'm guns. on out" "speaking are candidates Other moments: best the of some and tweets, photos, out Check Hampshire? New to trip latest the Miss yours? added you Have Street. Wall to letter my to voices their added Vickie and Leticia … @MartinOMalley! support to us joined who all to Thanks Ankeny. in morning this time great a had We @omalleyforia: RT team: the Join Ankeny! in parade the from volunteers these keep couldn't delay rain a Even http://t.… Ankeney! in @MartinOMalley support to it worth still but delay, rain hour 2 a got and hour 1 Drove @GCforOMalley: RT … Guv: the backing he's why explains Murphy John endorser: Iowa nice up picks .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT @NCLR: speech my watch today EST 1:30pm at and link, this Bookmark :)!! Keynote his before @jmurguia_nclr president @NCLR greets .@martinomalley @GabiDomenzain: RT … :)!! kid this meet to want I says: @MartinOMalley @NCLR! anthem national sings .@selcharrodeoro @GabiDomenzain: RT . nacional. himno nuestro de rendimiento gran ese por @selcharrodeoro a Felicidades @NCLR anthem. national our of performance amazing an for @selcharrodeoro to Congratulations @NCLR Raza: La of Council National the from speaks O’Malley Governor as LIVE Watch American." purely were children his for had he dreams &amp; hopes the English—but not was language first His money. no had grandfather great "My @NCLR together.” going, all we’re where going—and you’re where it’s from, came you where about much so not is country our of genius "The http://t… @MartinOMalley " this in all are we but land, strange a in strangers once all we were only "Not @Allie_Kite: RT @NCLR education.” higher affordable to access have could Dreamers 36,000 that ensure to Act DREAM own our pursued we Maryland, "In http://t.… debt. college reduce and rights, bargaining collective ensure , raise to need we says .@MartinOMalley @FlatlandKC: RT … Republic. Dominican the and Rico Puerto in crises but just not addressing for @MartinOMalley YOU THANK @yvetteanunez: RT ! @MartinOMalley it, into get to Way DR! the in Haitians of Deportations And Rico! Puerto about Talking Whoa! @ClinicaAlicia: RT colla… economy their let not must We battlefields. our on died have "Boricuas issues. addresses @MartinOMalley @yvetteanunez: RT @MartinOMall… - " in up them chain worse, Or away. them turn not can we our on arrive children "When @shaunadamec: RT for… done he's what me showing he's speaking, be just to seem doesn't He vote. my for case his making really is O'Malley Martin @kalst05: RT todos. para realidad una en convierta se Americano Sueño el que para juntos Luchemos … economy the on of impact positive the &amp; immigration about talks @MartinOMalley candidate Democratic @latinpost: RT Street Wall to up stand to plan candidates' each know to deserve voters thinking: all we're what says .@Bettermarkets will. experience executive &amp; leadership Progressive forward. country this lead not will speech hateful Demonizing, more: Read reform. immigration comprehensive for plan detailed a releasing I'm Today … proud" ancestors our make go "let's saying roundtable at backstage .@martinomalley @GabiDomenzain: RT ref… immigration comprehensive of importance the discuss to Americans New of group a joining I’m : on LIVE plan: immigration comprehensive his discuss to Americans New of roundtable a leads O'Malley Governor NOW: Happening plan: immigration my from tenets six of four just on details more read to image each Click th… closing &amp; families for detention ending healthcare, under immigrants covering DACA, expanding about talks .@MartinOMalley @DRMAction: RT system. immigration the with struggles and experiences her of speaking roundtable, today's at panelist a Maria, O’Malley." Governor of leadership the of because it’s And kids. [refugee] the rescued we that say to proud “I’m @Somos_CASA Torres, Gustavo on live roundtable immigration our to in tune time: Discussion http://… event @MartinOMalley @ immigrants undocumented criminalizing &amp; detention w problems deep talks attorney Undocumented @DRMAction: RT up.” give never and us unite that beliefs the on focus to have We nation. great a built never fear and “Anger principle. that by guided be always I’ll and strength, our is diversity Our ht… immigrants. undocumented for healthcare Includes far. so plan immigration inclusive most the released @MartinOMalley @jorgeramosnews: RT https:… salud) de seguro (con candidatos los todos entre ambicioso más migratorio plan el hoy propuso @MartinOMalley Gob @jorgeramosnews: RT @Sam_Frizell via immigration on Obama President than further go to pledges O'Malley Martin @TIMEPolitics: RT . of number possible greatest the to action deferred Provide plan? immigration my of 1 Tenet together. stay to able be should families because 2: Tenet Watch: Americans? New more to apply should coverage ACA think I do Why . for campaign my discussing EST 9:30pm at minutes 15 just in @maddow with @msnbc on me Catch msnbc! on .@MartinOMalley with interview her for now .@maddow to in Tune @msnbc: RT part. their played who beyond &amp; MD in all to Congrats exploration. space in achievement landmark a was the planet, no or Planet here clip the Watch night. last @maddow with issues big talks @MartinOMalley ICYMI: @omalleyfornh: RT reality: a reform immigration make to together come must @gazettedotcom—we in op-ed my Read families: American new of millions to relief extend to action immediate take will I Pres. As all. for reality a Dream American the make to fought I Maryland, of Governor As https:/… far' so progressive and inclusive most 'the is plan immigration your think I @MartinOMalley: to .@jorgeramosnews @ThisIsAmerica: RT reform. immigration on leadership new forging days few great a after candidate the from briefing Campaign http://t… you! near event an at @MartinOMalley meet Come Close! Doors Caucus Till Days 200 @JosephOHern: RT reform. immigration for plan O'Malley's discussing leaders community &amp; activists immigration local with Moines Des In … leaders immigration IA w/ plan comprehensive his out laying @MartinOMalley Moines: Des in off Kicking @ksosanie: RT America. participatory fully a of light the into them bring must economy--we underground an in work &amp; live people 11M reform. immigration of importance the discussing Moines, Des in activists immigration with roundtable our LIVE: Watch policy." immigration set to agency independent an create I'd - needs economic our assessing of way better a need "We Everyone." workforce. the into everyone bring to need "we leader, community Sandra, … state--@MartinOMalley any than capita per children immigrant American Central the of more in took Maryland @idaveprice: RT @omalleyforia today: team the Join signup! volunteer another event, Another pharmacy. @JohnForbes4IA at way, the politics retail doing .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT $15/hour. to wage min. the raise must We it. following consensus—not public forging about is Leadership … @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley . for caucuses precinct 1682 in up stand will Iowans till Days 200 @JosephOHern: RT leadership! new &amp; immigration talk to ready IA Ottumwa, in house Full … county!" our to "welcome says Dockendorf Sandy Chair County Burlington, in @MartinOMalley Greeting @ksosanie: RT morning! this Burlington in caucus-goers with speaking and Meeting President. for running I'm Why Leffler Tom resident IA - O'" Gov. as fully as [immigration] addressed haven't candidates "Other Street." Wall on beat the on cops more putting &amp; Glass-Steagall re-instituting of favor in am "I Iowa! Washington, in hand every Shaking Washington. in room Full . for Ready today! IA Washington, in @MartinOMalley for welcome Great @omalleyforia: RT Fame! of Hall IDP at Dems w/ and @MartinOMalley talk to ready All @kramer_ben: RT @IowaDemocrats! tonight you See Iowa. in back be to Great live: Watch dinner! fame of hall @iowademocrats the until hours two T-minus @MartinOMalley! for Iowa in MD Team @kramer_ben: RT arrived! has O'Malley @MartinOMalley with for ready are Iowans These @ksosanie: RT … tonight! dinner the at speak @MartinOMalley watch should Everybody @jtackeff: RT LIVE: Watch dinner! fame of hall @iowademocrats the at remarks O'Malley's from away Moments @MartinOMalley from hear to excited is # crowd!! that to Listen @elraymer: RT Rapids Cedar in stage the takes he as @MartinOMalley for ovation large A @BrentGriffiths: RT experience. executive years 15 with President for candidate only the am I succeeds. America succeed, women When -@MartinOMalley can" we wherever and whenever hour an 15 to wage minimum the raise to action take "Let's @MattSheaff: RT can. we wherever and whenever hour an 15 to wage minimum the raise to action take Let's words. not Actions, … bargain!!" collectively and a join to American every for easier it "Make at @MartinOMalley @richie_schmidt: RT @MartinOMalley for ovation standing A @betsy_klein: RT "O'Malley!" of chants to stage the leaves he as @MartinOMalley from speech Great @dsantuccio: RT !!!!! @MartinOMalley speech Great @shermansez: RT immigrants undocumented million 11 the for up standing for O'Malley you Thank @DREAMIowa: RT leadership: new for campaign our join Then, us. with you're if RT joint. the down closing He's stamina. and skills interpersonal the has @MartinOMalley say, will I @hillarykwiatek: RT Dinner Fame of Hall Party Democratic Iowa the after outside chanting fans .@MartinOMalley @_LeahKay_: RT http://t… dream.” American the restore to hopes he values progressive traditional about speech soaring "a gave @MartinOMalley @Lis_Smith: RT shortly: begin will the - LIVE Watch @Netroots_Nation! for Ready crowd! @Netroots_Nation this Love Ready. fu… more participate to people our empower &amp; allow actually that actions take to ways find to need " @MartinOMalley @MadeleineWiner: RT @joseiswriting! w/ up is .@martinomalley @GabiDomenzain: RT can. we wherever and whenever $15/hour to wage minimum the raising be must we nation a as believe I TownHall @joseiswriting - cycle." this candidate any of plan immigration broadest the &amp; specific most the out put have "You @MartinOMalley time" long a quite for benefits security social of expansion an for calling been "I've @boschlagel: RT -O'M president. as agenda justice racial a promote WILL I . voice. a deserves Everyone crowd the with out hanging now is .@MartinOMalley @climatebrad: RT issues. the on conversation Great @Netroots_Nation. writers and voices progressive with Meeting caucus immigration at speaking @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @prernaplal: RT caucus immigration at @MartinOMalley @BlancaSprkls: RT http:/… org. great a such @ us see to came who people the all to you Thank @MartinOMalley. with meeting .@PuenteAZ @GabiDomenzain: RT http:/… @PuenteAZ @MartinOMalley apart" families breaking about not is system our President as sure make will "I @DRMAction: RT … heard. be to want just in here while system immigration by affected people local to speaking @MartinOMalley @adi_max07: RT http://… @MartinOMalley families" protect 2 action executive also but supporting just not leadership "Real @DRMAction: RT here Watch Arizonans? undocumented with conversation @MartinOMalley's Missed @PuenteAZ: RT conversation. this continuing to committed I'm clear. &amp; loud are movement impt this of voices The . http:… Berlin &amp; Lebanon Claremont, Keene, Concord, in stopping he's Monday; &amp; Sunday NH in back be will .@MartinOMalley @psutherlandNHPR: RT 7/26-7/27. on NH in stops 5 make to @MartinOMalley Update: @MarcNECN: RT htt… here Read @MartinOMalley support to proud she’s why explaining email an out sent Rauh Mary @omalleyfornh: RT most. matter words, not Actions, relations. in chapter historic an marks opening .@USEmbCuba importan. palabras, las no acciones, Las entre histórico capitulo un marca @USEmbCuba de apertura La more out Find @MattSheaff: RT listening: done not I’m conversation. the of part a be to &amp; @Netroots_Nation be I important was It reform. Street Wall on up let won't I worry, don’t but enough, strong aren't you Dodd-Frank: anniversary Happy http… today! by stopped that @presidencyandpr from w/group campaign NH our about talking is director state Our @omalleyfornh: RT accountable. Street Wall hold to tirelessly work &amp; Glass-Steagall reinstitute Dodd-Frank, strengthen I’ll Pres., As aqui: Veélo perdiste? lo ¿Te @jorgeramosnews! con @AlPunto a fuí domingo El … campaign our with involved get can you ways quick 3 gives @elraymer Director Field @omalleyfornh WATCH: @omalleyfornh: RT today. involved get can you how tips quick 3 gives @elraymer director field our ICYMI @omalleyfornh: RT union. a &amp; hour an $15 gets worker every so fighting keep Let's County. LA from comes today Inspiration @MotherJones security: national our and change climate between link indisputable an is There people. is economy our money, not is economy Our them? with You too. science, in believe them of lot A what? guess &amp; supporters to this sent We $15/hr. least at make everywhere workers until stop can’t we but victory, big A workers! NY to Congrats … @MartinOMalley about HOF @IowaDemocrats night's Friday about Tribune Chicago the in read Good @JakeOeth: RT http… @Microsoft @DMACCNews @aarp Sponsors: Series Candidate at speaking .@MartinOMalley @IAcaucus2016: RT reforms. Street Wall additional for need urgent the discuss I and .@repbradmiller : on LIVE WATCH Glass-Steagall. of version modern a pass must we reform—first, Street Wall of importance the about now Speaking reforms. Street Wall for need urgent the discuss to continuing I and .@repbradmiller : on LIVE concerned." is Street Wall where street the on back cops the put to need "We O'Malley: @jfritze: RT (1/2) door. revolving the close Two, Glass-Steagall. reinstitute One, reforms: Street Wall key four embrace should candidate Dem. Every (2/2) St. Wall on deterrents real place in put Four, dereg. of architects the were who those positions key to appoint not to commit Three, it… called I populism. economic it called "Some Maryland. in increase wage minimum a passing about talks .@MartinOMalley @maryaliceparks: RT @cftc: @federalreserve @SEC_News @TheJusticeDept like depts &amp; agencies to oversight &amp; enforcement real bring I’ll -O’M nation. inclusive &amp; respectful open, more a for fight to continue must bill—we rights civil LGBT new the support proudly I better. do must and can We Americans. New scapegoats that policy knee-jerk is Congress. in place no has racism .@RealDonaldTrump’s waste: the Here's apostrophe"? an of waste "a me make change climate on remarks my think @dennisdmz .@oreillyfactor ignore. not should we threat serious a is change climate that guys these telling in us Join same.” the do should candidates All reform. Street Wall on plan details “O’Malley @bettermarkets, via campaign. his in things smart of lot a doing is @MartinOMalley but yet, fruit borne hasn't It @danpfeiffer: RT Iowa! County, Johnson in to efforts their and @JanelleRettig @mikecarberry to Shoutout -O’M today. Lafayette for Praying violence. gun and guns from free spaces, safe be should worship &amp; work of places schools, theaters, Movie http://t.… noon. at Building Historical State the at speaking @MartinOMalley today! event @IAcaucus2016: RT today. event @MartinOMalley the on updates for along Follow @IAcaucus2016: RT humano. derecho un es ciudadania la simple: es , right. human a is citizenship : simple, It's @MartinOMalley!! support to excited is Hampton New from Daniel @jtackeff: RT … Dream. American rebuild to plan @MartinOMalley hear to forum Partnership Moines Des the at turnout Big @ksosanie: RT live: Watch @DesMoinesMetro. speaks O’Malley NOW! Starting … candidate a been he's days 40 the in counties 99 Iowa's of 19 to been he's notes .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT people.” is economy Our money. isn’t economy “our understood grandparents and parents our said .@MartinOMalley @KObradovich: RT t… "getting of exp" executive of years "15 w/ one only he's but issues, progressive claim Dems many says .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT forum. after one on one Iowans to talk to time taking @MartinOMalley always, As @ksosanie: RT Agree chop-on-a-stick. pork is food Fair State favorite his says .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT forum candidate caucus @DesMoinesMetro questions taking .@MartinOMalley @JakeOeth: RT accomplish: can what knows who support—someone @RepSwalwell’s have to Excited President for @MartinOMalley mentor and friend my endorse to Proud @ericswalwell: RT convention state @afscmeiowa_c61 from welcome warm a gets .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT us! having for you Thank convention! state @afscmeiowa_c61 @MartinOMalley for ovation Standing @JosephOHern: RT http://… wage min $15 national for call &amp; record his for cheer big gets convention AFSCME to keynote .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT Beaverdale! in @MartinOMalley for excited crowd Overflow @ksosanie: RT O’Malley! for in crowd Great Q&amp;A. with way, the Campaigning … @MartinOMalley for tonight again strong out turns 2008 in Obamadale called many neighborhood The @omalleyforia: RT o… front the to out breaking you see I dinner. fame of hall at fire on were You O'Malley: tells pub Beaverdale at Iowan @JenniferJJacobs: RT crowd Beaverdale the serenade to decided .@MartinOMalley @WhitneyLarsen77: RT … debt of burden the of students college relieve Let’s writes: @MartinOMalley @ConMonitorNews today’s In @omalleyfornh: RT … @GlobeOpinion in @martinomalley writes again, happen to tragedy another for wait and by sit just can’t We @BostonGlobe: RT … hr. an $15 to to calling while Moines Des in applause by interrupted .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT http:… picnic! Hockensmith the at bargaining collective of power the &amp; reform immigration talking .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT … afternoon. this @MartinOMalley meet to excited and for ready Knoxville in crowd Huge @omalleyforia: RT @MartinOMalley for working start to ready Seniors School High local Two @MVBarnhill: RT … about speak @MartinOMalley to listen to Knoxville in out people of Lots @WhitneyLarsen77: RT @ericswalwell O’Malley”- President become to O'Malley Governor need students "American speech. rousing a after @MartinOMalley for ovation Standing @ksosanie: RT afternoon! this Keene in about speaking .@MartinOMalley @jtackeff: RT no… Glass-Steagall reinstate to need We manage! to big too apparently And jail? to big Too fail? to big "Too Keene: in O'M @omalleyfornh: RT … -@MartinOMalley that." forget never must We people. is economy Our money. not is economy "Our @shaunadamec: RT staff @omalleyfornh with Lunch More Learn a for us Join today? @MartinOMalley Meet @omalleyfornh: RT Glass-Steagall on rivals House White challenges .@MartinOMalley @bpolitics: RT @MartinOMalley hear to Dems Lebanon of house Packed @omalleyfornh: RT … can" we whenever and wherever hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise must "we Lebanon in house packed to @MartinOMalley . @bivonajohn: RT @omalleyfornh small. and big reporter, every from questions Taking -O’M conflict. of 12yrs into us led have policies Rep. reality: this overlook &amp; offensive are deal Iran the on comments .@govmikehuckabee’s fixes. fuel fossil short-term dirty, on rely we if future energy clean a have can't we bc to opposed I’m @omalleyforia @dmregister headlines: front-page in Today, me. with you're if RT @omalleyfornh: RT St… Wall the down slow to bill @TammyBaldwin's supporting are @MartinOMalley Gov and @BernieSanders Sen that pleased I'm @elizabethforma: RT plan: full my out Check accomplish. will and support I what but expect,” to “what just Not weekend: this them to listening &amp; visiting to fwd Looking attention. &amp; help need in citizens fellow Our historias: sus escuchar y visitar de Emocionado atención. y ayuda necesitan en conciudadanos Nuestros Hampshire! New in county every visited officially We've equity. healthcare up: Next citizens. our all for care must We bankruptcy. for file to able be that ask to right is .@Whitehouse DC! in hour happy professionals young our at crowd Great days. for goals. four these to commit and Street Wall to up stand to willing be should candidate @TheDemocrats Every @omalleyforia saying. are folks some what Here's Iowa! in people exciting is http:… at up sign @MartinOMalley with standing he’s why saying emailed just Spanos Pete @omalleyfornh: RT agree. should candidates All . reinstate &amp; $ taxpayer gambling from banks big stop to call my followed @GovernorPerry Wow—even -O’M it. defund to efforts to up stand should We America. across women of millions to services care health essential provides .@PPFA … City! Iowa in party house at @MartinOMalley for caucus to commit to excited Folks @kramer_ben: RT in now esp. benefits, these protect must healthy—we ppl elderly &amp; low-income keep to &amp; created LBJ ago 50yrs . en especialmente protegerlo, Debemos saludables. ser pudieran ingresos bajos de personas q para creo LBJ años 50 Hace Lunches. More Learn our for up sign to time Still @omalleyfornh: RT win: superbowl first @Ravens history, our in day great another to founded. was today, ago years 286 : @NatUrbanLeague speaks O’Malley Gov. as LIVE in Tune the… when even vulnerability, of state constant a endure color of Americans that us reminds story every .@MartinOMalley: @NatUrbanLeague: RT divid… than us unites that more is There people. and nation compassionate and just more a become can we .@MartinOMalley: @NatUrbanLeague: RT mine: Here’s system. justice criminal America’s for framework rehabilitation and reinvestment a need We serve. they communities the and enforcement law between trust build to work must We … read: Must seen. I've agenda reform justice criminal and policing comprehensive most the released just O'Malley Gov @samswey: RT http://… here. is plan reform justice criminal @MartinOMalley’s of outline The American.” spare a as thing such no is “There @JamilSmith: RT http://t… more: &amp; plan reform justice criminal his on @MartinOMalley with spoke @JamilahLemieux EBONY's @EBONYMag: RT gun. a carry &amp; badge a wear city—or a run to qualified not are you this, believe not do you If system justice criminal the fix to plan bold his unveiled just O’Malley Martin @PolicyMic: RT htt… @joseadelgadoend citizens" fellow our help to obligation have "we @elnuevodia in spread out checking .@MartinOMalley @GabiDomenzain: RT Rico. Puerto en esta @MartinOMalley Interesante. @Moluskein: RT … @NoticentroWAPA 5pm Detalles @MartinOMalley EEUU de presidencia la a democrata precandidato el con hablo AHORA @riverasaniel: RT … JP Santurce. de Placita la en @MartinOMalley , de presidencial precandidato el con conversación Excelente @jrperello: RT priority a Rico Puerto makes O'Malley Martin default, of face the In @HuffingtonPost: RT plants. power beyond sources emission large cover to it expand I’d &amp; fwd, step great a is plan power clean .@POTUS’s … Market! Farmers Nashua at @MartinOMalley about talking be to excited @omalleyfornh Team @jtackeff: RT … @maggieNYT tensions. racial amid overhaul justice criminal for calls O’Malley Martin @nytpolitics: RT camps. internment from kids &amp; mothers refugee release appropriately: court district the to respond should .@dhsgov internamiento. de campos en refugiados madres/niños las a liberar y de Tribunal al responder debe .@dhsgov (1/2) reeling. economy the left have treatment unequal &amp; crisis debt their how firsthand saw I weekend, this to visit my During debts. its pay to needs PR flexibility the provide to govt urge to continue equally—I’ll treated be should &amp; citizens are Ricans Puerto skin. their of color the of because dignity their surrenders American No Islands. Rican Puerto the to California from land, my is land this land, your is land This . &amp; me with stand to RT wrong. is defund to vote Today's women. of millions to services care health critical provides .@ppfa . acuerdo de estas si RT error. un es fondos recortar para Votación mujeres. de millones a medicos servicios provee .@ppfa marijuana reclassify penalty, death Abolish plan: justice criminal O'Malley's CNN: @helenmiller49: RT h… @wis10 trail. campaign on justice criminal talk to America of Leaders 20/20 w/ meets .@martinomalley @WillWhitsonWIS: RT roundtable tomorrow of leaders 20/20 Carolina South O'Malley Martin LIVE: WATCH @politico: RT engagement… important up, this lift box, the ban to efforts believe do "I ex-cons. for chances 2nd talks .@martinomalley @WillWhitsonWIS: RT -O’M vote. to right citizen’s every protect to amendment constitutional a for calling am I , the of anniversary 50th the approach we As together: that change vote—let’s to right the secure affirmatively not does Constitution The @omalleyfornh: RT … amendment constitutional rights voting a for call to @MartinOMalley CNN: on First @CNNPolitics: RT bienvenida. la por Gracias palabras. no acciones, con a ayudar para listos Estamos .@moluskein yet proposal rights voting boldest 2016’s offered just candidate presidential Democratic A @Salon: RT here: plan my Read resonate. always will justice for Voices die. never justice for Voices more. do must we them—but meet to track on be to MD in did we what of proud I’m rules. Power Clean @POTUS's applaud I @MartinOMalley with @ChairChats live shortly: up Coming @scdp: RT @ChairChats for ready getting @MartinOMalley Governor and @harrisonjaime Chairman @scdp: RT @MartinOMalley Governor with @ChairChats LIVE: NOW : on LIVE @scdp: RT prison. in belong not do children editorial, @nytopinion this with agree I and @PPNHAF join to proud are team field our of Members @omalleyfornh: RT … . for Hungry City. Iowa in @MartinOMalley for caucus to committing folks more and More @kramer_ben: RT Carolina. South to visit my about writes @TheState apart. country our tear to threatens injustice Growing … up! fired more me got she @MartinOMalley for caucus to excited so is Jean @clairequestion: RT afternoon! this office field new our opening @MartinOMalley with Rapids Cedar in crowd Great @ksosanie: RT office. Rapids Cedar new his of opening the for arrives .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT @MartinOMalley Governor for Rapids Cedar in only room Standing @afreedman23: RT caucuses…(1/2) Iowa the before have to going we’re debates of number the limit can they think .@TheDemocrats (2/2) -O’M kids. our give we country the of future the shape will they Because many. but two, just not debate, one just not have to need We . @thedemocrats tell and agree, you if RT @thenation via contractors: for leave paid required w/ example by leading is @WhiteHouse off—glad time paid get don’t Americans 40M+ debates. 2016 limiting for Committee National Democratic criticizes .@MartinOMalley @DMRegister: RT @MartinOMalley via Debate GOP Tonight's At Hear Won't You Things 15 Are Here @ijreview: RT fighting. keep must permanent—we not is progress But vote. to right the than democracy sacred our to fundamental more is Nothing right. fundamental this curtailed have states 29 then, Since laws. voting restrictive for door the opened &amp; the gutted 2013, In all. for and once Americans, all for vote to right the guarantee to solution a need We democracy. our of integrity the protect &amp; efforts suppression voter end to authority the courts give would amendment constitutional A DC. in folks not voters, the by set be should They charge. in not You're debates! our off hands @TheDemocrats: Hey Washington. in @TheDemocrats voters—not by dictated be should debates presidential of number The http:… forum. AFL-CIO Iowa the at speech intro enthusiastic with room the in liveliness some back bringing @MartinOMalley @SarahBeckman3: RT AFL-CIO at @MartinOMalley unions" join to people for easier it make to got You up? go to wages want "You @IAStartingLine: RT decision. every of center the at class middle stronger a of goal the put he MD, In Do? O’Malley Would What counseling. pregnancy free to access women low-income 35k giving Act, Works Planning Family the signed I MD In Americans. New for licenses drivers &amp; Act DREAM the passed Americans—we New scapegoat didn’t we MD In participation. full of light the into and society, shadow the and economy shadow the of out people 11M get to need We Act. DREAM own our passed we act, to gov federal the for wait didn’t we Maryland, In todos. para realidad una en Americano Sueño el convertir para luche yo Maryland, de Gobernador Como @BarackObama. needed America Bush, W. George of years miserable eight after @JebBush, Hey @MartinOMalley under row a in years 5 nation the in #1 were schools MD @GabiDomenzain: RT it. about unabashed be to need we and expand to need We firmeza. con y orgullo con Social Seguro el expandir Necesitamos . on beat the on cops putting of favor in am I and Glass-Steagall, reinstating of favor in am I principles. four these to commit to candidate every on call I Street. Wall in rein must We choose! to right her and health to right women's a supports @MartinOMalley @HeavenAndBalder: RT Women. By Owned Businesses In #1 Ranked was Maryland @MartinOMalley Under FACT: women! about talk Let’s @omalleyfornh: RT … grows. @MartinOMalley for support and respect my , the at answer every With @lorialivingston: RT MD’ers. transgender to laws anti-discrimination extended and law into equality marriage signed I Governor, As right. state a not right, human a is equality Marriage … MD. in equality marriage Like done. them getting of record has he values, progressive hold just doesn't .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT -O'M debates. democratic more Have ? entertaining. was it heard but , the see Didn’t -O'M demócratas. entre debates mas Tendría ? entretenido. muy estuvo que dicen me pero el vi No do. to thing Democratic the It's NH. in debate presidential one then more for allows DNC the that hope do I @ShurtleffSteve: RT ? @DHSgov didn't Why children. and women vulnerable jailing on insist we yet country compassionate welcoming, a is US The refugiados? mamas y niños los a liberar a @DHSgov rehusa se ¿Porque nación. como definen nos generosidad y compasión La O'Malley! Gov. welcoming crowd Large @helenmiller49: RT morning! this @MartinOMalley for Dodge Ft. in crowd Electric @eegorman: RT http://t.… Dream. American the rebuild to how about talking @MartinOMalley with Center Grundy in here house Full @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… @barackobama" was introduced I candidate Last 100%. is record "track says @MartinOMalley introduces Carol @ksosanie: RT Center Grundy in folks meeting .@MartinOMalley @_LeahKay_: RT http://t… IA City, Charles in day the of stop final our with @MartinOMalley see to out crowds packed on 3 for 3 @eegorman: RT … MD in education public on record his commending City, Charles in @MartinOMalley introduces Prichard Rep @ksosanie: RT fair! state the to people inviting banking, phone today's at out helped Mila grand-dog My -O’M . because act, will I President, as And act. must Brown—we —Michael just than more do must We reform. justice criminal strong for need urgent the reinforce events night's today—last w/ are prayers Our in. tune to sure make EDT, 12:25 at @mitchellreports on live be I’ll staff - 'undemocratic.' is candidates Democratic for debates limiting DNC the says .@MartinOMalley @mitchellreports: RT … debate.” 1 than more deserve NH of people the agree all can we think "I @HeraldRadio: on .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT today: plan my share &amp; Read better. do to need &amp; can We reform. justice criminal need we ever than more now believe I now: right than campaign the join to time better No why on Staters Granite local some by column Great … (Getty) plan: debate Committee's National Democratic of legality questions .@MartinOMalley @msnbc: RT more. and @TheWorkersLab, @BlackGirlsCode, @Microsoft, from leaders tech &amp; me w/ chat to @JoinBrigade by Come wage. minimum the in increase an without long too gone have families Working … America. for vision progressive bold, his about talk to @kenmonarchs joins @MartinOMalley now: Happening @omalleyfornh: RT refugiados. niños y mujeres a encarcelar deberíamos No compasiva. y generosa nación una Somos change. climate stop to aggressively and immediately act to obligation moral a have We ! ¡Gracias, matter. actions AND Words @voxdotcom via // —&gt; matter Details solutions: forward put and system justice criminal broken our assess honestly to needs country Our @MartinOMalley: father, his for campaigning O'Malley William @omalleyforia: RT http:/… ! for ready is Davenport @MartinOMalley! for supporter another in brings O'Malley Will @SeanMcEnerney: RT in! Tune ET. 8:30am at morning this @Morning_Joe @msnbc's on be I'll primary… their before debate” 1 than more deserve Hampshire New of people “The says: @MartinOMalley @Morning_Joe @msnbc On @omalleyfornh: RT -O'M Dream. American the Rebuild to goals 15 my releasing am I ideas—today, bold and solutions new needs country Our … America for vision progressive bold @MartinOMalley’s talking on @JoeCurtatone Mayor now Happening @omalleyfornh: RT @Medium on more govern—read we how in center and front results measurable and approaches, bold ideas, new put will I migratorio. sistema nuestro reformar de necesidad la sobre @LaPrensaIowa en articulo mi pierdas te No … 4pm @ LIVE soapbox! @DMRegister at speaks @MartinOMalley WATCH @omalleyforia: RT Iowa of tour 16-city announces .@MartinOMalley @DMRegister: RT more—&gt; Read the for vision forward-thinking &amp; just more a in grounded are goals 15 These O'M - prayers. and thoughts our in family his and Carter President keeping are I and Katie Americano" Sueño el "reconstruir para metas 15 presenta O´Malley @LaOpinionLA: RT force full in out Vols @MartinOMalley! with time fair state IA It's @haleymorris: RT Grace. daughter and William son w/ @IowaStateFair at arrives .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT at booth their at @iowademocrats greet to by stops .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT at tech printing 3D about hearing .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT http:/… chairs. the of most claiming already supporters appearance, @MartinOMalley's before hour An @kelsey_kremer: RT … at Slide Family Reinhardt of top to heading family his and .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT … at slide giant the down went Grace and Will kids his and .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT http… Slide. Giant the from descent upon @MartinOMalley says more," &amp; be would it thought we everything was "It @GrantMRodgers: RT fam! and @MartinOMalley with slide family Reichardt the It's @haleymorris: RT C-SPAN on ET 5pm at LIVE – @iowastatefair at .@MartinOMalley @cspan: RT box! soap @IowaStateFair @DMRegister @MartinOMalley for up fill to starting Crowd @JosephOHern: RT htt… results." measuring you and CitiSTAT, with impressed so was "I : at us stops Iowan An @omalleyforia: RT EST 5pm @ LIVE WATCH soapbox! @DMRegister the at O’Malley for gathering is crowd The … well-organized seems signs, with many Soapbox, on turn @MartinOMalley's for out crowd Large @IAStartingLine: RT soapbox: @DMRegister the at speaks O’Malley Governor LIVE, WATCH speeches Soapbox today's of crowd cheering loudest the has .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT choice." a is "Progress . at speech his off kicks .@MartinOMalley @brianneDMR: RT destiny.” own our make “We live: Watch http:/… energy. and voice booming of bc Fair State Iowa the at spectators in drawing definitely is @MartinOMalley @983TheTorch: RT all. for opportunity &amp; justice of places as cities rebuild to agenda new a for calls progress American of era new A … Americans!" all for again real promise the make And Dream. American the rebuild will that party the is "Ours @omalleyforia: RT … Q&amp;A &amp; speech energetic after stage Soapbox the leaves @MartinOMalley as "O'Malley" of Chants @IAStartingLine: RT @MartinOMalley for headquarters at here banking Phone @omalleyfornh: RT … Dream American the Rebuild to Goals 15 @MartinOMalley's about neighbors our calling office the in buzz Great @MattSheaff: RT http://… bankers phone thank to office field Moines Des by swings @MartinOMalley Fair State IA at success huge After @ksosanie: RT Dream' Dream' 'American for Blueprint Unveils @martinomalley @unionleader: read: Good @omalleyfornh: RT neighbor our w/ cooperation &amp; collaboration greater to forward marines—looking 3 these for &amp; @USEmbCuba day Historic -O’M expanded. be should and us, among vulnerable most the protect —you birthday 80th Happy … Dream American Rebuild to on Rapids Cedar in Matters Child Every &amp; @MartinOMalley w/ table Full @ksosanie: RT … families! &amp; kids our for Dream American the rebuilding about @MartinOMalley Gov w/ talking be to excited So @ECMIowa: RT @MartinOMalley simple. is child a Feeding hard. is poverty Eradicating @ECMIowa: RT @MartinOMalley Baltimore. of city the of kids the and Bay Chesapeake the of waters influences: artistic My @ECMIowa: RT http://t.… children of rights the on roundtable @VotingforKids a at speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT you! thank culture and arts the of understanding great a has Dad . at it Rocked Grace @martinomalley @JayAFTA: RT http:… @martinomalley! for caucus to committing for and support, your for @brian_guillaume Thanks @omalleyforia: RT http://t… jobs" the doing those to talk executives when done get can you what amazing "it's responds .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT .@MartinOMalley president next our supporting early Out @vogt_for_nicky: RT us: with you’re if RT . why understands leader party .@iowademocrats Lake Clear in today @MartinOMalley with Ding Wing Iowa the at be to Excited @MVBarnhill: RT Fair. State Iowa the at speech great his watching after @MartinOMalley meet to excited was Abby @udidthisjgilde: RT expandirlo. que hay nación, la de grandes mas logros los de uno es Social Seguro El @iowawingding the for Lake Clear in here forces in out @MartinOMalley Team @carleegriffeth: RT @MartinOMalley surreal is excitement The @WhitneyLarsen77: RT Dinner Ding Wing outside dad his for chants leading Will son .@MartinOMalley's @IAStartingLine: RT presence event big in matching @MartinOMalley but polls, in Clinton behind be might He @IAStartingLine: RT @iowawingding @MartinOMalley for love the showing @omalleyforia @JosephOHern: RT Dinner Ding Wing Democratic Iowa the outside guys @MartinOMalley these from signage Creative @_LeahKay_: RT Iowa! in speech my for EST 9pm at in Tune http:/… ! &amp; talk to 8pm at stage @iowawingding the hitting .@MartinOMalley's @omalleyforia: RT crowd: @iowawingding the addresses O’Malley Governor NOW, Happening … crowd tells @MartinOMalley lifetime a for debt crushing with people burden shouldn't college to Going @IAStartingLine: RT words.” not Actions, family. every for affordable more college make to row a in years four tuition college froze "We live: Watch won.” we Equality—and Marriage for fought we Act, DREAM the for fought "We … @iowawingding work! overtime for pay overtime paying of justice economic the to return must We @omalleyforia: RT Security." Social expand must we Security, Social cutting of "Instead @MartinOMalley @susaniniowa: RT htt… excites &amp; notes right the all hits he but tonight speaking candidate presidential third is .@MartinOMalley @ricksmith2825: RT growth." economic of cause the is class middle strong "a .@MartinOMalley: @iowademocrats: RT up." us breaks it before up broken be to needs it &amp; big, damn too ’s to big too &amp; jail, to big too fail, to big too is bank a “If today: us Join ? for Ready speech? the Enjoy @omalleyforia: RT … today @MartinOMalley backed who Congressman, Iowa former Bedell, Berkley Here's @IAStartingLine: RT dinner the after @MartinOMalley with greet &amp; Meet @_LeahKay_: RT … rule. an It's . after Iowans to talk &amp; meet to around sticking @MartinOMalley always- As @ksosanie: RT @iowawingding. crowd the Working @omalleyforia: RT tonight. the at speech passionate a gave who wordsmith elegant an is @MartinOMalley @susaniniowa: RT details latest the get to at up sign you sure make 26 August NH in back .@martinomalley's @jtackeff: RT http… #iacaucus real"@MartinOMalley isn't change climate that believe rarely they people, young our to "Talk @omalleyforia: RT http://t… @MartinOMalley for Banking Phone . the at day great a of follow you how is This @SCohen22: RT … Bluffs Council in Park Baylis at here @MartinOMalley and @CharlieMcConkey meet come set, is stage The @JosephOHern: RT Leadership @CharlieMcConkey supporting Bluffs Council in .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t… us join you’ll hope – more &amp; debates more for fight his on @MartinOMalley Gov former 10:30ET: at up Coming @FaceTheNation: RT more. and , why , discuss I’ll where EST 10:40am at minutes 10 just in @FaceTheNation on me Catch -O'M world. our on mark indelible an made justice for fighting to commitment &amp; courage passion, away—his passed Bond Julian hear to Saddened questions. important these to answers get will voters way only the it's because here: up sign can You 26th! August on Portsmouth in @MartinOMalley meet Come @jtackeff: RT people.” the by people, the for “He’s Bluffs. Council of Miller Monica said amazing,” [O’Malley’s] think “I op-ed: my Read it. of heard you've likely not it's but hemisphere own our in happening crisis humanitarian a is There month! this come to more many &amp; down 25 visited: I've counties the all of map a keeps @jakeoeth director state IA My htt… come! to more and down 26 @MartinOMalley. by visited counties the of tally a keeps @JakeOeth @omalleyforia: RT nation: our for goals strategic 15 out laid have I why That's choice. a is Progress important." very that’s think I and governor, as leadership enlightened demonstrated truly has “[O'Malley] … in Tune . talk to 9AM at live @WKBKAM on Mitchell Dan joins @MartinOMalley tomorrow NH Hey @omalleyfornh: RT op-ed: my Read epidemic. cholera deadly Haiti's for responsibility take should The htt… &amp;more schedule debate DNC limited , talk to @wkxlnhchris joins @MartinOMalley 10AM tomorrow Also, @omalleyfornh: RT here: it Catch Ding? Wing Democratic Iowa the at speech my Miss https:/… @MartinOMalley affordable! more college make to need we that agree you if SHARE @omalleyforia: RT … in Tune . talk to 9AM at live @WKBKAM on Mitchell Dan joins @MartinOMalley NH! morning Good @MattSheaff: RT Trump Donald de odio” de “retórica combatir pide O'Malley @LaOpinionLA: RT agree: you if Join people. is economy Our money. isn't economy Our … Thurs talking @POPVOX &amp; @JoinBrigade @lessin, @BlackGirlsCode .@martinomalley, @POPVOX: RT answered? want you do questions debate—what first the for Oct. till wait to have shouldn’t You candidates: the from hear voters the let and way the of out get to @TheDemocrats tell us Help @omalleyfornh: RT http://… info More NH. to tour Dream American the Rebuilding the brings .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT yours: —ask before questions answer to opportunities more have should Candidates yours: primary—ask NH the before questions answer to opportunities more have should Candidates http… Vegas Las en Trump de hotel de empleados con PT 11:00am las a prensa de conferencia dará .@MartinOMalley @UniPolitica: RT organi… to right the demand they as Vegas Las in @realDonaldTrump of employees joining I'm Today : on LIVE @realDonaldTrump cc @TrumpLasVegas the of front in speaks @MartinOMalley Now: @Culinary226: RT LIVE: Watch @360Magazine fairly. them treat and workers his respect should Trump that says .@MartinOMalley @Culinary226: RT @TrumpLasVegas at organize to fight their supporting for @MartinOMalley thank workers Trump @Culinary226: RT … story: his out Check @MartinOMalley. supports he why saying letters writing Tony's @AVusk: RT @MartinOMalley class" middle growing ever mobile upwardly an on relies strength "Americas @NVAFLCIO: RT @MartinOMalley now." reform immigration comprehensive pass and shadows the of out workers get "Let's @RachelReko: RT @MartinOMalley can. we whenever and wherever $15/hr to wage minimum the raise must We @ydc226: RT @MartinOMalley People" is Economy Our Money, not is economy "Our @ArtieBlancoSays: RT @MartinOMalley! convention our to coming for Thanks @RachelReko: RT … @TrumpLasVegas courage. and strength their for shoutout a workers Trump the gives @MartinOMalley Governor @Culinary226: RT door front Trump's to battle the taking is O'Malley @dailykos: for latest @adambonin: RT respect. and dignity with workers our treat to need we grow, to economy our want we If -O’M founder. @OfficialCBC Stokes, Rep. RIP all. for equity advance to driven and selfless was He work. his from benefited Millions http:… @MartinOMalley. 4 phones the hits she week # to backs .She in believes Elaine @ben_buysse: RT https:… @MartinOMalley accountable! hold to need we that agree you if SHARE @omalleyforia: RT competition! tech civic startup at for @MartinOMalley pitch to Ready @travismoore: RT Francisco San in Hall The at pitches startup tech to listens @MartinOMalley candidate House White @joegarofoli: RT start-ups. dynamic eight from pitches hear to Excited Francisco! San in event tonight’s at crowd Great … @trevorcornwell @Forum280 w/ for @MartinOMalley at @LassyProject for pitch Fantastic @Surf_Apps: RT … others! &amp; @MartinOMalley w/ tonight contest pitch startup tech civic a judge @HillaryLehr our have to Happy @JoinBrigade: RT … Millennials &amp; tech w event campaign @MartinOMalley candidate 2016 Dem w SF in LIVE : on LIVE @cmarinucci: RT @periscopeco: on LIVE contest pitch start-up Francisco San our watch @Cmarinucci: Via @MartinOMalley to listening in Hall the at night Incredible @sccornwell: RT … in at pitch to us allowing for @MartinOMalley you Thank @LassyProject: @LassyProject: RT http:/… @grodeska //cc: GUYS THESE @MartinOMalley? candidate presidential of front in platform tech civic a pitched just who @cpalmatier: RT … @Ready4Martin We're Francisco! San in Reception Leadership New @MartinOMalley's for house full a see to Glad @ericswalwell: RT technology. through service public improving about talk to others and @Microsoft @BlackGirlsCode @POPVOX with AM this @JoinBrigade be will I http:… supporters."–CNN O'Malley Martin the the hear can Lake, Clear in here "Right @omalleyforia: RT SF in @JoinBrigade at discussion tech start to about is @MartinOMalley candidate presidential Dem @Josh_Richman: RT NOW! HAPPENING @JoinBrigade: RT http… economy innovation in opportunities &amp; challenges @6Gems @matthewmahan @MicrosoftSV @lessin @marcidale .@MartinOMalley @JoinBrigade: RT … @JoinBrigade @LassyProject @POPVOX @BlackGirlsCode @MartinOMalley with discussion Great @trevorcornwell: RT more. &amp; @Microsoft @BlackGirlsCode @POPVOX @JoinBrigade w/ panel gov. &amp; tech our at house Full … here: available are RSVP and Details BBQ. a for Wednesday next Portsmouth in be will @MartinOMalley Governor @PortsDems: RT unnoticed: go won't efforts @culinary226's &amp; unionize to able be should workers that recognizing for @maddow Thanks today! signup - NH in @MartinOMalley miss Don’t @omalleyfornh: RT importantes. mas temas los sobre ella con hablar de oportunidad la por @LaOpinionLA la de @mariauxpen a Gracias . not, or moderating Stewart Jon Signed. weeks: coming the in ones popular most the answer here—I’ll Ask own? your of question debate a Have ! to speaking @martinomalley candidate : on LIVE @youngdems: RT at attendance in us of all addressing .@MartinOMalley @jenhouse: RT at O'Malley Gov us" of few a just not us, of all for work should economy "Our @lizabeth_verse: RT http://t.… -@MartinOMalley problems" solve don't and country this build didn't anger and "Fear @ColtonGriffin: RT … convention @youngdems the addresses @MartinOMalley Gov. fmr and President for candidate Democratic @atima_omara: RT -@MartinOMalley Liberty. of Statue the It's fence. link chain and wire barbed not is America your of symbol The @notmegawattage: RT -@MartinOMalley Party" Dem. the of leaders the are halls these delegates! DNC be to all you want "I @CAYoungDems: RT at room the owned just He -@MartinOMalley yours. already is party This @notmegawattage: RT at @MartinOMalley for ovation Standing @notmegawattage: RT today: for campaign our Join ? at heard you what Like op-ed: my Read retirement. secure more a for foundation a provide to benefits Security Social expand to need We it: do to plan my is Here . expand to need We fight. we why is This menace? a me makes licenses handgun and checks background supporting if @NRA the is extreme How seniors: our under from out falling that’s floor the It’s falling. that’s sky the not It’s … graphic. today's in few a highlighted We . for plans his released recently .@MartinOMalley @NCPSSM: RT -O'M September! in convention annual their at @NHDems with talk to wait Can't : expanding for case the makes .@MartinOMalley @SSWorks: RT Ukraine, Syria, from refugees on leading be should WE " your tired, your me “give to happened What -O’M fight. this leading for you Thank country. our of achievements greatest the of one is Security Social .@RepCummings of expansion the supporting for @MartinOMalley you Thank @RepCummings: RT … tour Dream American the Rebuilding our on @MartinOMalley with today Indianola in energy Great @omalleyforia: RT @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley see to Library Public Indianola the at here ages all of Folks @ChouBenjamin: RT … ​ @maddow - @MartinOMalley." goes politics Democratic in today day the of "Play @omalleyforia: RT Iowa. Fairfield, in house packed a to speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Social… Summer Annual Windems at @MartinOMalley of behalf on campaign will @BrianFrosh General Attorney Maryland Tomorrow! @omalleyfornh: RT … Temple Labor AFL-CIO Keokuk the at welcome warm a receiving .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… IA Muscatine, in Dream American the Rebuilding about speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Davenport in event huge a at @MartinOMalley introduces Winkler Rep @ksosanie: RT http:/… @MartinOMalley work! overtime for pay overtime pay to need we agree you if SHARE @omalleyforia: RT row" a in years 5 for nation the in 1 number schools MD made "@MartinOMalley .@BrianFrosh: @MattSheaff: RT … @MartinOMalley." of because legislation safety gun comprehensive passed "we .@BrianFrosh: @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley supporting he’s why on @BrianFrosh General Attorney Maryland @omalleyfornh: RT . expand to plan my about @qctimes the in op-ed my Read years. eight in percent 50 by savings retirement adequate with Americans of number the increase help will plan My so: do to first the was I support, I do only Not . the to attention calling for thanks .@iamjohnoliver, … Forum! Candidates Presidential the at attendance confirm to first @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @CHCI: RT http://t.… Dems: Davenport among support @MartinOMalley's on article @globegazette's READ @omalleyforia: RT it! miss don’t — 9:05 at @JDBmsnbc with live be I’ll on @MartinOMalley - together” families keeping by stronger America make “You @mattcorridoni: RT Monitor Concord | debate candidates Democratic the Let Turn: Our @344_603: RT here: Watch morning? this @jdbalart on appearance my Miss all’ at Trump Donald about tough anything find don’t ‘I .@MartinOMalley: @JDBmsnbc: RT up. them break together—not families keep we when stronger is America lands. public our protecting to commit I’ll President, As @NatlParkService! HBD here: area your in events for Search tomorrow. NH to coming is Tour Dream American the Rebuild The Americans? New scapegoat he does Why workers? wage minimum on take he does why tough, so is @RealDonaldTrump If . expanding by start let's security, retirement ensure to @UnionLeader: in op-ed my Read … Security Social expand to plan his out lays @MartinOMalley NH, to trip his of advance In @omalleyfornh: RT job. the on respect &amp; pay fair deserves protections—everyone wage minimum get finally will workers care health Glad @omalleyfornh done. things getting call I what That's BOOM. @elraymer: RT mínimo. salario el para elegibles serán finalmente salud de trabajadores que saber alegra Me … Wednesday Parties House 30 Holding Along, Chugging Effort Grassroots @MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: From @ksosanie: RT … there! you See Windham. in today off kicks tour Dream American the Rebuilding The Hampshire! New @omalleyfornh: RT -O'M family. @WDBJ7 entire the with are thoughts My Awful. Senseless. @omalleyfornh Watch: Windham. in party house our live-streaming is .@WMUR9 … @omalleyfornh Windham! in @MartinOMalley for up set all getting Maria volunteer superstar Our @elraymer: RT … politics! retail unscripted - Hampshire New in party house at @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @mattcorridoni: RT Windham in Tour Dream American the Rebuilding our off kicking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT @ConMonitorNews candidates. the from hear to deserve staters debates—granite more for call another Yet Portsmouth! to tour Dream American the Rebuilding the bringing .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT way Hampshire New the hand every shaking question every answering .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT @KristiStL @MartinOMalley today! Windham in O'Malley Martin for turnout Great @plaistowdems: RT inequalities. many too face still they Today, vote. to right the granted were women when ago, years 95 celebrates injusticias. muchas enfrentan todavía Hoy, votar. a derecho el obtuvieron mujeres las que desde años 95 celebramos Hoy decisions. care health own her make to right woman’s a for or pay, equal for fighting still are we believe to hard It’s leave. parental passing Act, Ledbetter Lilly MD the rights—signing women's on way the led we Maryland, In protections. violence domestic stronger for pushed , women, low-income to planning family expanded We workplace: the in equality for fight the continue I'd gap. pay the cut to fight I'd President, As trabajo. mismo el por salario mismo el ganen hombres &amp; mujeres que para luchare Presidente, Como . about talking Manchester in @McLane_Law at .@MartinOMalley @shaunadamec: RT Manchester in and talking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT http:/… you: near event @MartinOMalley local a Find TONIGHT! US JOIN @omalleyforia: RT Rally! , Happy Hollis to tour Dream American the Rebuilding brings .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT it." privatize not it cut not Security Social expand to time "it's .@MartinOMalley: @omalleyfornh: RT .@Univision @GabiDomenzain: RT agreement in Hollis in here crowd the and .@MartinOMalley @the_teejster: RT … @MartinOMalley endorsed she's why Party House this telling Hoyer Mary Chair County Henry @MVBarnhill: RT Ames! in party our during @MartinOMalley to Listening @mpreambo: RT … @MartinOMalley's about more learn to Watch party? house @omalleyforia an to it make Couldn't @ksosanie: RT … talk to @wgiram610 on studio in @JackHeathRadio joins @MartinOMalley 8:20 At @omalleyfornh: RT now: @NewsRadio610 on Governor the to Listen http:/… @JackHeathRadio w/ debates DNC reform, justice criminal security, social expanding talks .@MartinOMalley @MattSheaff: RT … time a at handshake one votes and hearts over winning - NH in .@MartinOMalley @Jay1043: RT checklist.” huge a going, kept just it him, with aligned beliefs progressive personal, my of lot a that found “I gov.” as years 7 successful his about talked O'Malley when especially Windham, in group the w/ resonated message "His country. our in place no has rhetoric hateful This racism. and hate to no say must We agree. I .@RichardTrumka, wages. higher for bargain to able be will workers more Now, office. in defend I'd that @NLRB—one by decision Strong violence. gun with has country our that problem the has country No … @MartinOMalley por Trump? Donald a confrontando estoy qué ¿Por Opinión: @UniPolitica: RT hand." last every shake question, last every answer anyone. than longer stay will who guy of kind the is "O'Malley http:… leader! progressive this meet to chance miss Don't 4:30 at booth visit to .@MartinOMalley @MinnesotaDFL: RT momentarily: live, @TheDemocrats address will O’Malley Governor WATCH: Watch: LIVE. @TheDemocrats addresses O’Malley NOW—Governor Happening before. attempted been never has process rigged of sort This afford? can we all That's Hampshire. New in debate One it? That’s Iowa. in debate One Watch: Party. our for option honorable an not is hate of face the in complacency &amp; Silence decide. people the let and case, our make must We first. stated be must she herself—but defend well damn can truth The : agree you if NOW name your Add … experience” executive of 15yrs w/ candidate only the am “I .@martinomalley: @omalleyforia: RT . agree you if RT party DEMOCRATIC the be to need we @MartinOMalley for O Standing @GabiDomenzain: RT … ovation. standing a Gets meeting. DNC at @MartinOMalley declares debate!" need We debate! need "We @NicholsUprising: RT @MartinOMalley - people." the of party the is ours opportunity, party the is "Ours @carleegriffeth: RT http… Hampshire New shortchanges schedule debate primary Democratic The Leaders: Dem NH @omalleyfornh: RT … speech.” fiery a delivering it, seized he &amp; DNC, the within waves make to chance clear one "had .@MartinOMalley @Lis_Smith: RT booth Fair State Union Farmers at @peco34 farmer MN western Greeting @MartinOMalley Governor @MNFarmersUnion: RT home. return or rebuild to struggling still those and ago, years ten lost those with are thoughts our Today, more: Read Baltimore. of Mayor as time my from memories back brings anniversary Today’s http:/… AQUÍ&gt;&gt; seguirlo Puedes Iowa. en inmigración de hablar para precandidatos y académicos, a reúne @UniPolitica: RT http://… speak &amp; attend to candidates pres 2 only of one @MartinOMalley forum! for BVU at auditorium Full @ksosanie: RT … 3:30c around speak will @MartinOMalley Univision. from live forum immigration Watch @omalleyforia: RT box… ballot at it defend to state first become to MD led Act, DREAM passed 1. @MartinOMalley: for wait we while Refresher @GabiDomenzain: RT school. work, to/from safely drive could they so Americans New to licenses drivers gave @MartinOMalley 2. @GabiDomenzain: RT http… plan his on wrote he piece a here’s today forum reform immigration an in participate to ready gets @MartinOMalley As @omalleyfornh: RT here: forum immigration speak @MartinOMalley Watch @omalleyforia: RT … imperative." economic "national a is reform immigration passing says @MartinOMalley candidate Pres , At @TUSK81: RT … group. constituency that or this for issue box the check a be] not [should reform .@MartinOMalley: @JuanSaaa: RT #… @MartinOMalley señala país" nuestro en protección buscan que niños y mujeres a rejas de detrás detener de dejar "Debemos @UniPolitica: RT Act Dream the passed @MartinOMalley Governor As @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley campaña" mi hecho ha que lo es eso y ideas con lideran que las son campañas mejores las que "Creo @UniPolitica: RT … Forum Immigration the after room overflow the in .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … campaign his and debates, DNC security, social expanding talks @WMUR9 on .@martinomalley @omalleyfornh: RT … Hampshire New in on marches @MartinOMalley room, living by room Living @omalleyfornh: RT http:… speak. to @MartinOMalley for waiting College, Grinnell at walls against standing floors, on sitting People @983TheTorch: RT campus. on he's time First College. Grinnell at @MartinOMalley for room packed Really @SarahBeckman3: RT … at house packed a to speak to about is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http:/… morning. Sunday a for turnout Strong @MartinOMalley. for waiting members community students, 400+ About @SarahBeckman3: RT http://t… times. 3 him seen they've say Others @MartinOMalley. seeing time first their it's room, the in some For @983TheTorch: RT #… more. there out name his wants stage, national the on debate @MartinOMalley see to like she'd me tells resident Newton @SarahBeckman3: RT telling. pretty is @MartinOMalley see to coming 400+ 1700, about of college a For @983TheTorch: RT @omalleyforia O’Malley! Governor for ready @grinnellcollege students 400 over of crowd Huge … to switched he why abt now speaking @MartinOMalley for students Grinnell of President @ksosanie: RT http:… @MartinOMalley - people." our of all It's people. it's money; not is economy "Our @omalleyforia: RT … good." common the advancing rebalancing, sensible "A now: paths two have only we says .@MartinOMalley @983TheTorch: RT @MartinOMalley - people!" not are "Corporations @omalleyforia: RT … @MartinOMalley - state" our in people 50,000 to rights voting restored "I've @LouieLumber: RT http://… goer! caucus every meeting – answered is question last the until stays .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT College Grinnell @ Grinnell! in here cards caucus to commit raining It's @BMcGrizzly: RT … today Grinnell in college affordable and practices policing better energy, renewable talked @MartinOMalley Governor @CYDiowa: RT … values class middle on speak @MartinOMalley hear to backroom 's into packed are people 300+ @omalleyforia: RT crowd Grinnell the from applause of bursts long drew O’Malley candidate!… one about all not It's primary. robust a need Dems doing! you're what support Completely .@MartinOMalley @johnbrisini: RT Bedell Berkley - prosperity’" 'great that back bring to O’Malley Martin endorsing are I and Elinor wife "My decide. people the let and case our make must We weekend. this again you see I’ll candidates. Democratic the among in stops most the made have I say to Happy everyone." for work economy the make to need the on hammered O'Malley 200, over just of crowd a to "Speaking -@MartinOMalley us.” to up is families American all for again true Dream American the make we not or "Whether @WVFDW: RT @MartinOMalley @omalleyforia for @IowaStateU from supporter another And @ChouBenjamin: RT ideas. our debate &amp; present can we if only but forward, us bring will Party Our four.” just to debates primary presidential party’s the limiting for … DNC the chastised O’Malley fiery &amp; gutsy “A care: cut not vets, for fight should We plan. vets his for vets to talk didn’t @RealBenCarson Apparently sacrifice. and service their of worthy is that plan a on country the across vets with working am I @RealBenCarson, Unlike citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National Service: National for plan My opportunities. service 500,000 provide to @AmeriCorps double then fund fully to need We 1M to path on 500k to 80k from @AmeriCorps growing plan, service natl bold @MartinOMalley's by Inspired @zmaurin: RT … opportunities service national expand to plan his about talks &amp; @MartinOMalley thanks .@ServiceNationNH @omalleyfornh: RT upgra… sewer in investments Dramatic watershed. Erie Lake help would @americorps of size hike to @MartinOMalley by Plan @ChrisRedfern419: RT experience. educational the to connected closely more be can … the on answers his see and using us Tweet questions! your want we and today @MartinOMalley with We're @ComeHereSayThat: RT … 2024. by opportunities service million half a provide &amp; @AmeriCorps fund fully to pledges .@MartinOMalley @MBrownCY: RT corps. service federal new develop to need we example, an as corps @fema Using speak Governor the hear to force full in out professionals Young that: fix Let’s programs. service national in participate to opportunity the denied are applicants many Too … now us joins @MartinOMalley candidate presidential Baltimore, of Mayor Maryland, of Governor Former @BosPublicRadio: RT on now right in tune - @BosPublicRadio on @MargeryEagan and @jimbraude joins .@MartinOMalley @shirazita: RT debates". six hold to plan DNC’s the about concern voicing are IA, to NH from activists, party of number growing "A now? us join she Will . agreed @HillaryClinton when 2008 to nombre: tu firma y Apóyame Septiembre. en debatir para listo estoy Yo here: is internet the fear, no Have BPR? on @MartinOMalley miss you Did @BosPublicRadio: RT Doyle's at O'Malley Martin Gov for greet &amp; meet 's @MattOMalley at turnout Large @Editor_JMike: RT … us. hosting for O'Malley Matt Councilor to Thx tonight! Boston in @MartinOMalley see 2 crowd Huge @zytehamel: RT http… Doyle's. @ eve Good access. voter energy, clean debt, college justice, econ re @MartinOMalley from plans Impressive @RachelPoliner: RT … talking today State Granite the in back is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … @NotiUno por O'Malley Martin demócrata, precandidato al entrevista Jovet Carmen 10am: HOY @NotiUno: RT it: do to how Here’s service. national through country her or his serve to opportunity the have should American Every talk to Chamber Salem at arrives .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT http:/… things these done actually has our in running candidate only the gov:I'm as record touts .@MartinOMalley @vaughnFNC: RT http:/… Liberty" of Statue the it's fence, wire barbed a not is country our of symbol enduring "the Salem in .@MartinOMalley @bivonajohn: RT http:/… hosting. for Chamber Salem and Dems Salem the to Thx Salem! in day the off Kicking .@martinomalley @bivonajohn: RT famine. and war flee who those help to more do must people compassionate a as We plan: college debt-free his discusses O’Malley Governor as LIVE Watch … Manchester. in Backroom Puritan the at girls selfie presidential the and students with chats O'Malley Martin @kailanikm: RT education! and Service National on speaking @MartinOMalley have to Excited @CityYearNH: RT unemployment." youth cutting for component key a is service "national .@MartinOMalley: @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley 52,000". than more to rights voting expanded we Maryland "In @bivonajohn: RT Hampshire: New Manchester, in group education with meets @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT … Jacket Year City his him gives and @MartinOMalley by inspired NH Year City of Potter Chris @omalleyfornh: RT http:/… provide. they service the on mem. @americorps 70 our appreciating &amp; office our visiting for you thank @MartinOMalley @CityYearNH: RT ! @PotterPowerCY members staff awesome our of one from piece uniform a accepted @MartinOMalley Today @CityYearNH: RT … ! @nationalservice of choice their on members @americorps our appreciate @MartinOMalley hear to great was It @Pawn4CYNH: RT @Techcocktail: on events tech civic our of all and Francisco San to trip recent my of recap great a Read more out find Keene in talking O'Malley Will @omalleyfornh: RT htt… word! the spread us help to here O'Malley Grace have to Great ! about excited is Portsmouth @omalleyfornh: RT Altoona in @MartinOMalley with townhall AFSCME weekend Day Labor the off Kicking @ksosanie: RT ready: get , enjoying you're While @omalleyforia: RT … him. miss wouldn't speak, O'Malley hear to miles 100 drove he says event Ogden the at supporter @MartinOMalley One @SarahBeckman3: RT http:… today Ogden in now house full to &amp; record progressive his talking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … . on @TheDemocrats to up standing in @MartinOMalley to job" "nice say to mid-speech out yells woman Boone @ksosanie: RT A's! St. at pizza over talking O'Malley Grace and Will @omalleyfornh: RT tonight. Company Brewing Confluence at crowd packed a in hands shaking .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT … @ConfluenceBrew at room crowded very a to chair a from stumps he as @MartinOMalley for cheers Huge @carleegriffeth: RT Politics &amp; Pints at @MartinOMalley for @ConfluenceBrew at here 250 maybe of crowd Big @IAStartingLine: RT @DMRegister: the in @ConfluenceBrew to visit @MartinOMalley's about Read @omalleyforia: RT right: is He crisis. refugee this during action and empathy for leadership, moral for called has .@Pontifex crisis. humanitarian this address to more do to government the for calling in me Join … -CIO Picnic Labor Clinton AFL-CIO the at speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT refugees. Syrian more accept and part our do must We people. generous and compassionate a be to continue must We http://t.… the rebuilding about Tipton in to speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t… Americans. all to justice equal to commitment his of because @MartinOMalley supporting is Riley, Peter @omalleyforia: RT Anamosa in questions taking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Breakfast! Labor NH the at Dad their repping O'Malley Grace and Will @omalleyfornh: RT -O’M nation. our improve to made have you progress the all for you —thank Happy country. this build helped has worker American The you: for fight to continue will I prosper. economy our make to out day &amp; in day work who all to you Thank family. of care take to need or sick they're when work to have should one No rule. this expand and defend will I @POTUS. go to Way htt… us! joining for O'Malley &amp;Grace Will to thanks Special marchers @MartinOMalley's deter couldn't 90degrees @omalleyfornh: RT … @MartinOMalley - can." we whenever and however wage minimum the raise "Let's @omalleyforia: RT http:… bargaining. collective wage, living wage, minimum raising speech, labor rousing a giving .@MartinOMalley @DavidRedlawsk: RT ustedes. por luchando Seguiré país. gran un hacen nos labor, y empeño cuyo trabajadores los todos a Gracias htt… Moms! supporting for @MartinOMalley you Thank . on stand they where candidates asking in .@MomsDemand @shannonrwatts: RT http://t… map the on counties new 4 in coloring @JakeOeth @MartinOMalley, with wkd Day Labor successful very a After @ksosanie: RT it.” worth is trip the and person, in him see to wanted I him. see to miles 100 drove “I Day” Labor on City Iowa to message pro-labor strong a brought O'Malley Martin hopeful presidential “Democratic DNC the for questions interesting some raises Burling Pete @omalleyfornh: RT process. the from themselves remove should @TheDemocrats Peter, with agree I . saying leader another Yet in! Tune @jaketapper. with @TheLeadCNN on live up Coming live! @jaketapper joins O’Malley Governor as NOW in Tune refugees Syrian more accept should the Governor: the with agree you if name your Add indefensible" morally is nothing do and back sit to us "For crisis: refugee on .@MartinOMalley @CNNPolitics: RT … Day” Labor on City Iowa to message pro-labor strong a brought @MartinOMalley hopeful presidential “Democratic @omalleyforia: RT done: things getting of years 15 my about more Learn road. the on phrase this hearing keep I done." things "Getting … Hampshire New | country the and Democrats hurts rule debate :DNC Democracy Stronger = debates More @SenatorHosmer: RT agree: you if us Join ideas. progressive bold, with forward nation our lead to one the be will Party Our op-ed: my Read more. do must nation Our crisis. refugee global unprecedented nearly a of midst the in is world The @USATODAY not: is refugees helping but complex, be may crisis humanitarian this of cause root the about do to What call. the join @SenatorHosmer &amp; @LouDallesandro @mfclark leaders Democratic NH @omalleyfornh: RT audaces. y progresistas ideas con adelante hacia país nuestro a llevando seguirá Demócrata Partido El … more much much and plan, tax @JebBush's on in weighs @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @bpolitics: RT Grace: daughter his and @MartinOMalley candidate presidential know to Get @ComeHereSayThat: RT tonight. @allinwithchris watch to sure Make @chrislhayes. with talk to on be I'll @allinwithchris? watching you Are Governor! the see to now @allinwithchris on Turn . agree. totally I Party. our in many so of call the echoing for @R_T_Rybak @TulsiGabbard Thanks . why that's and .@chrislhayes it. miss Don't 7:20. at @Morning_Joe on be will Governor The morning! Good now! @Morning_Joe to in Tune ET. 8:10 at live @democracynow on be will Governor The radio! the on listen or TV on Watch -O'M conversation! great the for and morning this me hosting for @democracynow Thanks take? it will many How exclusivity. @TheDemocrats about concerns their voicing more &amp; more have we passes that day Every @ijreview Wall on buck honest an make to Tried encarcelamos. que refugiados a EEUU en y , hasta de necesitados: mas los a ayudar Debemos http://t… are" we people compassionate and generous and good the like act to have "We crisis: refugee on .@MartinOMalley @allinwithchris: RT please! Yes songs? pub Irish classic singing &amp; guitar lead playing .@MartinOMalley @BrendanMcP: RT ! @MartinOMalley from Philadelphians these keep won't rain little A @eegorman: RT attacks. the in lives their lost who those remember we Today, nation. a and state, a city, a as mourned we 2001, in day this On others. save to lives their gave who citizens ordinary and responders first the of courage the remember we Today, day. every and each us defend who individuals brave those thank and recognize We forget. never must We together. share we values the of importance the remember always should We refugees. Syrian more welcome to needs The on. spot is editorial .@DMRegister’s America" Central from minors unaccompanied of behalf on summer last advocacy his w/ consistent is stance "O’Malley’s Gracias! @laprensaiowa. from Lorena with talking and Lake Storm to traveling pleasure a was It hemisphere. shared our in repression this for room No immediately. released be should prisoners political Venezuelan other + .@leopoldolopez http://t… @Jose_Aristimuno! Hispana, Prensa de Director @MartinOMalley's .@ElUniversal: @GabiDomenzain: RT -O’M tovah. L’shanah . this year new healthy and happy a all Wishing plan: full my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As -O'M harder. unions—not join to easier it make must we up, go to wages want we If America. across families hurt would This No. .@ScottWalker http://… pres. as implement he'd plan control gun the about talking he's where NYC in roundtable O'Malley Martin Gov. a At @ColinDaileda: RT http://… violence. gun to sons lost Both panel. control gun the at both are right, to left Morgan, Juanita and Thomas Ella @ColinDaileda: RT http:… advocacy. talking stories, their telling others now , plan: this of basics out laid O'Malley @ColinDaileda: RT gun national a for calls .@MartinOMalley @NRA: RT @CNNOpinion: via op-ed My now. reform need We longer. any off hold to important too is This @MartinOMalley ! support to on signed has hopeful presidential another Yet @MomsDemand: RT lives: save to more do to need We guns. own and purchase easily still can abusers Domestic plan: my Read accountable. actors bad hold and safety gun ensure to required tools the have must enforcement Law stream: live the Watch 10 at live @drshow the on be to Excited @dr… on @MartinOMalley decisions." healthcare women's a including making, at good no is govt decisions some are there believe "I @PPNHAF: RT Years 10 in Half in Deaths Gun Cutting for Calls .@MartinOMalley @CSGV: RT registry. gun a includes Dream" American the "restore to plan O'Malley's Martin @NRA RT Fixed. pais. nuestro para vitales son Latinos los de contribuciones Las Hispana! Herencia la de Mes el juntos ¡Celebremos country. our to add Latinos contributions &amp; talents the showcasing &amp; celebrating in me Join state” any of control gun of packages strongest the of one place in put he Maryland, of Governor as years eight "Over @Newsweek via guns.” to kids their losing fathers and mothers other of tired and sick being of tired and sick "I'm in! tune to, able you're If 6:15. at @MSNBC on be to going is Governor The out! it Check @LateNightSeth. on be will Governor The Tonight! Day! My in Back Plus @JuddWinick! and @MartinOMalley Brolin, Josh Tonight: @sethmeyers: RT Governor. the with show great a for in Tune ET. 12:35 at starts @LateNightSeth forget! Don't @MartinOMalley from message this out check NH Hey @omalleyfornh: RT … sirios refugiados más a acepte EEUU que @POTUS a carta una en pidió @MartinOMalley precandidato El @UniPolitica: RT crisis. humanitarian this of face the in up step to nations of leader moral a as responsibility a have We Party? our from hear Americans will When debate. second their is Tonight . last the to in tuned Americans million 24 -O’M back. you hold incident this let not do Please day. one engineer fine a be will you Ahmed, .@IStandWithAhmed headquarters. @thedemocrats outside protest @allowdebate the at crowd chanting Loud, agree you if RT supporters. @MartinOMalley are Most Hill. Capitol on HQ @TheDemocrats outside Protest @GVHLive: RT headquarters. @TheDemocrats outside Spotted http://t.… DNC the of front in troops the rallying Hamrick Dave Manager Campaign .@MartinOMalley @MollieByron: RT for stripes all of Dems up fires Hamrick Dave manager campaign .@MartinOMalley @Lis_Smith: RT @thedemocrats @MartinOMalley hate. GOP not @vogt_for_nicky: RT ideas. backward &amp; rhetoric racist is stage the on hear you’ll All arms. open with them welcome would O’Malley Governor famine. &amp; war unimaginable escaping are Refugees MD. in done it got there—&amp; was O’Malley Governor right, human a as equality marriage upheld SCOTUS When them. insult not Americans, New welcome will O’Malley Governor stage, debate Party Democratic a On racista. retorica y pasado del ideas son el en escucha se que Lo http://t.… 56% than more by Capacity Generation Renewable MD's grew .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Crickets. @TheDemocrats? &amp; racism. to policies economic bad —from of hrs through sat just We pierdas! lo te !No @jdbalart. con @JDBmsnbc en estaré ET 10:30am las a Hoy in! Tune @jdbalart. with ET 10:30am at morning this @JDBmsnbc on be I’ll Denver in session listening legalization marijuana my for me join to in Tune : on LIVE run… and up back is session listening marijuana Denver difficulties; technical the for Apologies : on LIVE legali… full on yet" there "not 2, sched as reschedule to action executive use he'd says @MartinOMalley Now: @BrandonRittiman: RT country. our to add contributions and diversity the celebrate let’s , this On sombras. las de sacar necesitamos que aquellos todos a y ciudadanos nuevos nuestros a celebramos Hoy Ciudadanía! la de Nacional Día ¡Feliz i… This right: is @MartinOMalley 0. far: so debates D of Viewership debate. R 2nd watched 23M debate. R 1st watched 24M @NicholsUprising: RT us. from hear Americans let not &amp; debate to continue to Republicans allow to malpractice Party It’s ustedes. con Estamos the across stories your share to courage the having for Gracias Convention! NHDP the before @MartinOMalley meet Come @omalleyfornh: RT -O'M presidency. the to way your scapegoat cannot You slur. a not is “Muslim” @realDonaldTrump. you, on Shame refugees. Syrian 65,000 welcome warmly would I , the at heard you words hateful the Unlike do. to thing right the refugees—it’s Syrian 65,000 accept should States United the agree you if me join and RT debates. more for call the joining for @NancyPelosi Thanks @LincolnChafee? @JimWebbUSA, @lessig, @HillaryClinton, @BernieSanders, you about How in. I’m - .@chrislhayes @MartinOMalley convention the for us join .@tuftsdems @vogt_for_nicky: RT convention! the for Excited campaign! the for early out .@omalleyfornh http… now right media social about thing best the is @Snapchat on geotag @MartinOMalley The @mattcorridoni: RT @MartinOMalley meet and to travel to early &amp; bright up Dems @BUCollegeDems: RT … @MartinOMalley supports she why about talk to booth @omalleyfornh our by stopping for Claire to Thanks @MollieByron: RT htt… Trump. Donald barker" "carnival decrying debates, more for call echoing — crowd the rally to here .@MartinOMalley's @caseymcdermott: RT outside chanting supporters @MartinOMalley Apostrophe!" an me Give O! an me "Give @ABCLiz: RT Convention. Democratic NH the to supporters with walks O'Malley @danmericaCNN: RT htt… wage. min. &amp; penalty death immigration, on record progressive his about crowd NH small a tells .@MartinOMalley @AliceOllstein: RT ht… state" own his in want I what accomplished already he's because @MartinOMalley supporting "I'm @vogt_for_nicky: RT http://… Convention! State NH the at LIVE speak O'Malley Gov. see to 11:20am at in Tune @omalleyfornh: RT the to tickets us getting for campaign his and @MartinOMalley to thankful are We @ASAP_Morgy: RT it! make could you glad @ASAP_Morgy Watch: Convention. State Hampshire New the at speaks O’Malley Gov. NOW: HAPPENING NHDC!!!!! at time @MartinOMalley is It @Eva4organizing: RT O'malley Martin @janeinak: RT divisions. new not , needs nation Our @omalleyfornh: RT people. the We us. about is This … families. more for affordable more college make to row a in years four tuition college froze We @omalleyfornh: RT choice. a too, is, opportunity more or opportunity less with future a children our give we Whether crowd. convention NH this over win to @MartinOMalley for long too take didn't It @Telegraph_Chris: RT su… pay, equal pay, OT wage, minimum raising inequality: economic on notes hits he when applause elicits .@MartinOMalley @caseymcdermott: RT ejecutiva. experiencia de años quince con presidencial precandidato único el soy Yo ---&gt; speech a of heck one giving @MartinOMalley @pretcap: RT http://… Liberty. of Statue the is fence—it wire barbed the not is nation our of symbol enduring The @omalleyfornh: RT agree: you if today us Join pe… working for up stands who guy a have to nice It's today. music our used @martinomalley candidate Presidential Heard @DropkickMurphys: RT -O'M Boston? in I'm time next me with tune a play Come Thanks! .@DropkickMurphys http:… Convention!! @NHDems at service national expanding referencing for @MartinOMalley You Thank @ServiceNationNH: RT yet? Governor the following you Are Instagram. from Snapshot . the watch really we Why @LateNightSeth: RT seguirá. ahí y corazones, nuestros en vivió @SabadoGigante años 53 Por carrera! exitosa su por Francisco Don a ¡Felicidades value. American an not is Hate bigotry. anti-Muslim Trump/Carson/GOP latest than better are people American stand.” we “united over Muslim-Americans against bigotry choose who candidates by led being Lincoln of party the see to sad It’s … today! @omalleyforia team Join am! this page front Gazette Rapids Cedar on @MartinOMalley see to Great @kramer_ben: RT @NH1News morning” Saturday supporters hundred of couple a energized O’Malley "Martin Convention: NHDP Before country. great a built never that but fear, and anger their have can Republicans The States” United the over all cities by used being is CitiStat now and national, went It success. huge a was “CitiStat … visit Francis' on NCR to commentary provided O'Malley Martin .@MartinOMalley @NCRonline: RT Politics" American in Latinos 40: Under "40 HuffPost's of part are @Jose_Aristimuno &amp; @GabiDomenzain that Thrilled op-ed: My priorities. obligations, nation's our on reflection a for calls visit Francis' Pope 2050. by energy renewable with electricity American of 100% Generate 2: Goal Governor. the from hear to hour the of top the at @mitchellreports to in Tune lives. their save to flee they migrate; to choose don't Refugees vidas. sus salvar para huyen ellos emigrar, eligen no refugiados Los @MSNBC @mitchellreports live. watch to NOW in Tune register? to needs who someone Know http:… ! supporting for Thanks @MartinOMalley. candidate pres &amp; Gov MD former from note this received Just @WomenBelong: RT Convention. State Party Democratic Hampshire New the at day my of up wrap Great ¡Bienvenido! country. our visit you have to blessing a Such @pontifex. States, United the to welcome warm A https:/… US. the to trip historic @Pontifex about @mitchellreports with talk @MartinOMalley WATCH @omalleyforia: RT (1/2) future. energy clean a to move to need we and environment our for bad it's because oppose I (2/2) followed. has @HillaryClinton , On it. following not opinion, public forging about is Leadership -O'M Kippur. Yom observe to world the &amp; Israel, America, across gathering those to fast easy and safe a wish I and Katie Iowa: throughout Saturday this @MartinOMalley MEET @omalleyforia: RT year. next refugees Syrian 65,000 than fewer no welcoming by call Francis’ Pope heed should States United The -O’M @Springsteen. Bruce Dream, American the of laureate poet the to Birthday Happy very A Mubarak be. to want you anything be can you nation—where great our across celebrating Muslims American to joyful a wishing Here's 2020. by America in hunger childhood End 8: Goal change climate on actions" "courageous take to Congress on calls Francis Pope @HuffPostPol: RT @Salon: answering. us without on go to debates Republican these allow to us for malpractice party it’s think I -O’M together. stay families so immediately act I’ll POTUS, As @Pontifex. to letter &amp; courage your for Sophie Gracias … more. and 2016, @Pontifex, talk to on interview exclusive an for @jaketapper join will .@MartinOMalley @CNNSotu: RT #2016 speech. @MartinOMalley the for @pitzercollege here house Packed @AnnieGreaney: RT @pzsenate! to Thanks @pitzercollege: at members community and students with speaks Governor the as LIVE Watch @pitzercollege! at @MartinOMalley w/ strong going Selfies @haleymorris: RT now! stream live the Watch @pitzercollege. room Packed -Mar… ahead." get to able be should You drive. and grit, determination, own your through country, our in start you "Wherever @cmcforum: RT the… of applause biggest draws &amp; prisons" for-profit against am "I @pitzercollege, tells @MartinOMalley clear," be me "Let @haleymorris: RT … today. @pitzercollege visited candidate, presidential 2016 and of Governor former @MartinOMalley @SBSunPhoto: RT toward charge the leading @POTUS with action, toward step great Another rhetoric? Republican hateful counter to NH/IA before debates Dem. four than more need we agree you Do poll! our Take es. lo no refugiados los a ayudando pero complejas, son humanitarias crisis la de raíz causas La reform immigration comprehensive through citizenship to pathway the on Americans new million 11 Put 5: Goal http:/… 12PM at Bar Coffee @SmokeyRow the at tomorrow @MartinOMalley meet Come Oskaloosa? in Live @omalleyforia: RT h… @katelinthicum with immigration talks @MartinOMalley debate, Democratic month's next of Ahead @latimespolitics: RT yet? poll our taken you Have valores. nuestros con cortas quedando están se políticas nuestras pero compasivo, y generoso país un Somos … minutes. few a in Market Farmers Moines Des downtown the at speak to set is .@MartinOMalley @SarahBeckman3: RT http:/… Pleasant. Mount Albia, Oskaloosa, to on Then Market. Farmers Moines Des at day starting .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT … morning this Market Farmers DSM the at Iowans with produce local about chats .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT Moines Des in crowd Market Farmers the working .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT http://t.… me" for big are Those control. gun &amp; wage min on done you've what like really "I @MartinOMalley: to Woman @ksosanie: RT htt… people is economy our money, not is economy our that @DTFarmersMarket ~120 of crowd telling .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … done! things getting and record progressive his about talking @MartinOMalley w/ Market Farmer's DSM @ @JakeOeth: RT http://… more. hear to want before, @MartinOMalley met have who people are crowd the of chunk good a like Seems @SarahBeckman3: RT events at him to handed guitars gets just usual, as .@MartinOMalley, @IAStartingLine: RT … done things getting of record @MartinOMalley's about talk to Bedford in is Murphy Peter Commissioner County MD @omalleyfornh: RT Oskaloosa! in @smokeyrow packed a at arrived has .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … 2050 by energy clean 100% for plan his about crowd tells @MartinOMalley saving." worth is planet "This @omalleyforia: RT @OskaloosaIA in meeting hall town a at questions takes @MartinOMalley @OskyNews: RT http:… American." spare a as thing such no there's country, our "In Oskaloosa: in reform immigration talks .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http… at online up sign or involved, get to DSM in @JoJo_Sabine like organizers our of one to Talk @omalleyforia: RT http:… team @omalleyforia &amp; @MartinOMalley with trail the on day another Just me" and you for made was land "This @JosephOHern: RT htt… @MartinOMalley yrs." 100 in county this to come to opportunity creation job greatest the is " @omalleyforia: RT … Hampton in @MartinOMalley on Murphy Peter - years 5 for country the in schools rated #1 the have to MD led He @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley. for students College Simpson @ksosanie: RT http:… O! standing a @MartinOMalley give to evening this feet their on are Democrats County Henry @omalleyforia: RT … ET 11a and 9a at in -tune of edition special a on all are @MartinOMalley and @RealBenCarson .@NancyPelosi @CNNSotu: RT http://t.… @CNNSotu on him catch - morning Sunday beautiful this DSM from visit Pope's the about talks .@MartinOMalley @betsy_klein: RT more! and @MartinOMalley @NancyPelosi @RealBenCarson -- noon at @CNNSotu on up Coming @jaketapper: RT penalty.… death the of abolition global the for call @Pontifex's embraces @MartinOMalley Union, the of State CNN's on Appearing @CNNSotu: RT song: a you write me Let … Festival. Latino the through way his makes he as voters with talking and walking .@MartinOMalley @983TheTorch: RT @SimpsonCollege from supporters his meets .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT … solutions change climate on focus to @NextGenClimate for card pledge a signs .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT country. our across tables kitchen at discussed being are that issues the about talk to need We us: join and campaign, our about more Learn Iowa. in counties 40 visited now I’ve economy. gig the in lives workers’ improve to technology use can We Watch: question? The trecho. mucho hay hecho al dicho Del answer: My -O'M chance. that have don’t future the shape can past our of knowledge the how &amp; history of love my discovered I school In campaigning. been we’ve way the campaigns who one is night caucus on emerges that candidate the that believe I enforcement: law federal and state from reporting of kind this require universally would I step. good A Americans. as are we who demeans it &amp; safer us make doesn’t It work. doesn’t It wrong. is @CarlyFiorina—torture Hey interrogators… actual Or IC. the Or Petraeus. David Or @SenJohnMcCain. from it Take . you that show to and today me Join year. each millions for care medical necessary provides .@PPFA you? be it Will someone. for song a sing to guitar my tuning I’m doctor. her and woman a between those like making, at good no is government that decisions some are There questions. tough answering now, by candidates the from directly hear to able been have should Voters ed: .@pbpost millions. for care health endangers that attack this continue Republicans let cannot We . I everyday, and Today, Why? ago. year a over Pipeline Keystone the against out came I . pass should Congress . need we agree, I @RepGutierrez. you, Thank governor: the from song personalized a for running the in be to midnight by enter must You win! to chance Last plan: full my Read @TomSteyer. Thanks, http://… @MSNBC! on 5pET at @chucktodd join @charlescwcooke and @hmcghee @ckubeNBC @MartinOMalley : to minutes 30 @meetthepress: RT Daily. MTP show new @ChuckTodd’s on Governor the ET—watch 5:30pm at LIVE @chucktodd. with talk Governor the watch and @MSNBC to NOW in Tune Dream: American the Rebuild to plan Governor’s the support to midnight before Commit yet? us joined you Have support. your appreciate Really you! Thank @flamingtashhh . for ready are you if me Join done. things got I where experience executive of years 15 had I’ve back. @realDonaldTrump send rather you’d if RT you! thank @mihiruthere midnight? before contribute and call his answer you Will email. an out sent just Governor The you! thank @NickKellySays you! thank @ibrandonlee you! thank @SteveYelich —&gt; more Read reform. finance campaign on words, just not actions, for time It’s together: finance, campaign fix can we how on op-ed @Medium my Read -O'M Birthday. Happy Carter. President service, community to dedication your admire I ET, 9pm TRMS, for tonight here live @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @maddow: RT decision. United Citizens disastrous Court’s Supreme the overturn to amendment constitutional a with starts plan My -O’M Oregon. in today much so lost who those with is heart My day. every nearly occurring from shootings mass stop will reforms gun real Only either. won't, prayers and Thoughts this. stop won't Tweets today! with out came you plan financing pro-public anti-corruption, great the for @MartinOMalley you Thank @ZephyrTeachout: RT C… fight elections, funded Small-$ today! corruption fight to plan super-strong great, out rolls @MartinOMalley Governor @ZephyrTeachout: RT in debates Democratic more for push campaigns, major the of supporters with coalition, 81-person An reform: gun on act to congress on calling July, from @BostonGlobe the in op-ed my Read http:… : our in weekend this team @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT -O'M prayers. and thoughts our in are You families. their and Afghanistan in members service fallen the to out goes heart My to fighting are who all and @ncnaacp with stand I safety. public NC's erodes and misguided is 318 -O’M now. safety gun on act must We tragedies. preventable are These lost. lives innocent is “stuff” That happens”? “stuff .@JebBush PM! 9 at 13 Oct on @cnn into tune to sure Make preppin'. debate @MartinOMalley PHOTO: @Lis_Smith: RT http://t.… done things getting of record @MartinOMalley's about Nashua in voters with talking time some Spending @MattSheaff: RT http://t… about it's knows She @MartinOMalley! for shift canvass first her doing @lksTRIPLETHREAT @BobbyBauch: RT campaign! grassroots his about more learn and @MartinOMalley meet to up signing People @AVusk: RT act: we time elections—it's over taken have interests special big-money America, in Today interests. special of business the now is government our of business The company. Baltimore Great @JosABank. wear I right damn You're … there! you See Dinner. Fall Dems County Strafford the headlining today State Granite the in back is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT again! the in engaged mom this got @MartinOMalley how Read @omalleyforia: RT @MartinOMalley to listening event fall @SCDCNHDems the At @ChairmanBuckley: RT SC… to @MartinOMalley - people." our of all is it And people. is It money. not is economy our that remember to need "We @FollowSamTaylor: RT 2025. by half accidents—in and suicides, violence—homicides, gun from deaths Cut Goal: Social Fall @SCDCNHDems at reform gun for call urgent @MartinOMalley's for tonight applause Huge @elraymer: RT violence. gun by apart torn are families fewer ensure will it But death. gun senseless every stop not will plan My reforms: safety gun meaningful back to @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders on calling I'm for. fight all should we something is reform gun race—meaningful this in support you who matter doesn't It Event at Plan Control Gun Out Lays .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … issue.” address to provisions” “commonsense his back to Sanders Clinton&amp; of supporters urged "O’Malley @omalleyfornh: RT … cycle: election this in dem a be to proud me makes @MartinOMalley by plan prevention violence gun Strong &amp; @KRogers91: RT home. at guns of storage responsible the require to action administrative use must We plan: full my Read licensing. fingerprint including purchases, gun for requirements comprehensive enact must We http:/… leaders Democratic Iowa key more 24 from endorsements out rolls @MartinOMalley BREAKING: @omalleyforia: RT … @ydc226 w/ us! having for you Thank clinic/care. health about @MartinOMalley to talking members .@culinary226 @GabiDomenzain: RT Nevadans. 125,000 supports it how and Fund Health Culinary the about learns .@MartinOMalley @Culinary226: RT … them. to matters healthcare why on workers with meet to Fund Health Culinary the at @MartinOMalley have to Great @ydc226: RT @News3LV tax Cadillac on @Culinary226 to @MartinOMalley says tax excise remove to you with am I @jgillanNews3LV: RT clap. hand union a with @MartinOMalley with meeting the finish We @Culinary226: RT system. registration firearm centralized comprehensive, a establish to law federal revise must We tonight members @SEIU1107 visiting @MartinOMalley @BShepherd1107: RT -@MartinOMalley few." a helps only wages low with top the at wealth "Concentrated @SEIU1107: RT … hour. an $15 to the raise to need the on members @SEIU with chats .@MartinOMalley @Jose_Aristimuno: RT @SEIU1107 at with .@MartinOMalley @NVAFLCIO: RT ! @MiFamiliaVotaNV with @MartinOMalley @SEIU1107: RT 2020. by percent 25 by overdoses drug from deaths Reduce 11: Goal plan. reform gun Governor's the of points four discuss @maddow Watch plan: safety gun My safe. us keep and job its do to needs it authority and funding the have must .@ATFHQ today story Campaign our in iPad his reading and planking @MartinOMalley that's Yes @PeterHamby: RT abuse. substance for treatment of need in people inappropriate—for cases most in inadequate—and an is Incarceration http:/… @MartinOMalley's about City Charles in people tell to dialing is Tateana @omalleyforia: RT for plan consistent and out thought well most the has @MartinOMalley that me to Seems @RayRayBowman: RT insufficient. is programs treatment for funding and underutilized are strategies treatment and prevention Proven dignity. with retire can Americans so security, social expand to plan my released I August, in Back http://t… Policy Latino Talk to @MartinOMalley Candidate Pres. Democratic (@NHLAgenda), Agenda Leadership Hispanic National @EditorMikeO: RT suit. a wearing is robber that if different no It’s again. bank a rob he’ll wrist, the on robber bank a slap you If … C-SPAN3 on LIVE – ) (@chci Caucus Hispanic Congressional at speaks .@MartinOMalley @cspan: RT … Caucaus Congressional Hispanic addresses OMalley Martin candidate Presidential : on LIVE @pitaJ: RT http… respect. &amp; w/dignity immigrants of nation a as values our &amp; at on speech great .@MartinOMalley, @NoelCandelaria: RT @MartinOMalley! candidate, Presidential 2016 meet to pleasure a What @aida_cuahutli: RT htt… going is consensus public where see to wind the in finger his sticking by lead doesn't .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT always. worker, American the for up standing debate—it's of eve the on position your changing isn't Leadership . an definitely is Flacco Joe But up. coming debate big - meet to time No .@PFTCommenter crisis. humanitarian Syrian the regarding @POTUS to letter My ICYMI: winner! contest our for song original an record I before up Tuning government. federal the of goals important most the of one gap pay gender the closing make would I President, As further: go I'd step. first good a is plan @SenateDems . to act must We service: through nation our serve to American young every for possible it make Let’s … welcome! are All workers. Iowa with roundtable a for hall UAW Newton the at be will @MartinOMalley 3PM: at TOMORROW @omalleyforia: RT -O’M agree. I rebuild: them help can you how Here's flooding. with struggling still are Carolina South in neighbors Our @allinwithchris. on 8:30ET at tonight live Governor the Watch succeeds. country our succeed, Latinos When yesterday. me with meeting for @nhlagenda you thank Gracias, @allinwithchris. to in Tune now! on is Governor The either. country our in prisons private allow not would I Maryland. in prisons private allow not did I gobernador. del visión la comparte y amigos tus con reunión una Organiza debate. el durante apoyo tu Necesitamos policy: trade our on view My deals. trade bad into backward stumbling stop to America for time It’s htt… @taylorvdk42 @MartinOMalley endorsing officially is Krol De Van Taylor Iowa, in chair county youngest The @SamanthaJoRoth: RT -O'M now. act must We madness. is This year. this 46th night—the last shooting school Another Security. cutting--Social expanding--not be should We it”. over “get shouldn’t People @JohnKasich. No, http:/… @AlexRosenCNN by Video | @moody by Story @MartinOMalley with loathing and Fear @CNNPolitics: RT op-ed: My people. American the benefit should it deal, trade a signs America if all, Above Newton. in hall UAW at trade on roundtable a joins .@MartinOMalley @SamanthaJoRoth: RT LIVE Watch Newton. in roundtable a at TPP and trade about Talking Watch: -O'M chapter. next your on luck Good me! having for @espuelasvox you Thank desert: Nevada the through convertible red bright a in @moody with ride a take me Watch stage the takes @MartinOMalley as dinner fall @polkdems the at applause Big @omalleyforia: RT @BlueNationReview via safety: gun on stand I where out Check -O'M debate. for up not is It Holocaust. the for victims the blame to appalling and inaccurate is It Stop. .@RealBenCarson: Democratic first the before days @MartinOMalley with exclusive A Sunday: This @CNNSotu: RT … live: watch @CNNSOTU, on election 2016 talks @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential NEXT: UP @CNNgo: RT @CNNSotu. on Governor the watch to now in Tune actions" the about it's words, the about not "It's Clinton: from different is he how on .@MartinOMalley @CNNSotu: RT are. they who just be can everyone where place a America make to strive &amp; made we’ve progress the celebrate let's This @MartinOMalley Convention, the addressing for you Thank @NoLabelsOrg: RT Friday! last Dinner Fall @polkdems the at O standing a got @MartinOMalley ICYMI: @omalleyforia: RT support! your for you himself—thank Governor the from received winner lucky our video the Here's Kathryn! Congrats govern. we how in center and front results measurable and approaches bold ideas, new put will I President, As economy. energy clean a to transition our realize help to Corps Jobs Energy Clean new a create would I Debate: Party Democratic first the watching be will you if know us Let day! big the is Today seriously. debt student takes that party a to belong to proud We’re @CollegeDems: RT store: our launched we chance—today, your Now's hoodie? O'Malley an wanted Always him! with you're know Governor the Let tonight? the to in Tuning Governor: the watching be you’ll if up Sign . for Ready arrived! Just watching! be you'll if RT . at walk-through our Doing set. is stage The watching: be you’ll know us Let ✔ debate: for Ready ✔ session: Jam ✔ workout: Pre-debate ✔ tie: @JosABank New warmup. pre-debate little A updates! live for @MartinOMalley here us follow and on live Watch now! starts .@CNN lives.” better and healthier kids our give to do wouldn’t we nothing is “There people. is economy our money, not is economy Our everyone. for again up go wages make to action need We @MartinOMalley – together." this in all are We it. of make we what is future "The @voxdotcom: RT policy.” of front in polls puts who candidate of kind the like looking is @HillaryClinton late, “of said @voxdotcom ? On city. major any of reduction steepest 3rd Baltimore—the in 41% by crime violent down drove O’Malley, police. its police to Baltimore led and boards review civilian staffed &amp; supported O’Malley FACT: : at stage on about speaking is Governor the family Aurora the about more Read act. must We year. each lives their lose more Thousands violence. gun to Jessica daughter their lost Phillips Sandy and Lonnie safety. gun on words, not actions, for time it's know They violence. gun to daughter their lost They hunters. lifelong are Lonnie and Sandy years. 25 in seen had Maryland legislation gun comprehensive most the signed O’Malley 2013, In “menace." a him called they year, This it. fought @NRA the while leg. gun comprehensive signed O’Malley 2013, In … legislation" safety gun comprehensive pass and up stand to time "It’s .@MartinOMalley: @TIME: RT overseas. decisions better make to us allow would that intelligence human a in invest to country a as failed have We country. this in relations race address and system justice criminal our reform to do to work of lot a have we and , law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As Glass-Steagall. reinstate to need We plan: O’Malley's crash. Street Wall another prevent to past our of mistakes the correct to responsibility a have We yourself. for See plan? Street Wall @HillaryClinton’s about say people did What Street. Wall on recklessness the from economy Street Main the protect will who someone need country our of people The immigrants. American New of arrival the by stronger made is country our that understand to need We families. American New of millions for relief immediate secure to presidency the of power full the use will I Maryland. in Act DREAM the passed O’Malley 2011, In 2012: in referendum ballot a in Act DREAM Maryland’s defending in pivotal” was “role O’Malley’s big. damn too are they manage, to big too and jail to big too fail, to big too are banks If accomplishments: &amp; life his on timeline our out Check O’Malley? Governor about more know to Want 2050. by grid electric powered energy renewable 100% a on run to, needs and can, America jobs new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our yrs, 35 W/in industries. wind and solar new grew and 41% by generation energy renewable increased Maryland leadership, O’Malley’s Under state. the in thousands for leave family expanding Act, Leave Parental Maryland the passed O’Malley marijuana. of amounts small of possession the decriminalized O’Malley Gov., As win. can we you, with &amp; progress, American new of era an of threshold the on standing are We now. campaign the Join . act. and up stand to time It’s Phillips. Sandy and Lonnie against rigged was game The better. do must We inequality. economic and racism of history cruel country’s our reinforced has system justice Our it. earned You you. to it give to happy were we And @MartinOMalley. - rating.” F an hold proudly “I @NRA: RT http://t… post: our in reactions Iowans him. of much know didn't who Iowan one said me" surprised really "@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT http://… kickoff" the just is "this race: in people" 2 than "more are there proving for valuable .@MartinOMalley: @ChrisCuomo: RT … @CNN guns. on disagreement" deep a have "We : the at @BernieSanders with sparring on .@MartinOMalley @NewDay: RT in! Tune @Morning_Joe. on be will Governor the morning, this up Coming in. Tune now! On violence' gun about talking stop not will 'I .@MartinOMalley: @Morning_Joe: RT @voxdotcom hatred” NRA's the earn to candidate Democratic other any than more done has O'Malley "Martin country our w/in goodness the to speak to need we &amp; place, compassionate generous, connected, more a to moving We’re timeline: Our taken. was picture this when out find and Governor, the about more Learn that. do can Glass-Steagall Only banking. commercial and speculative between firewall a build to need We one. are we many, of out that – unum pluribus e ideal: founding our to up live Let’s side. their on be will who someone need people American The today: t-shirt campaign own very your Get President. as fighting keep I’ll and Maryland, in it did I @NRA. the fight to afraid not am I it. with jobs clean new of millions bring help will 2050 by powered energy clean 100% to grid electric our Moving security. national on game big a talks who someone for position Odd denier. climate a is @MarcoRubio realize Didn’t stump. your Update Multiplier.” “Threat = Change Climate RE: Military. FR: @MarcoRubio. TO: plan: My long. too far for inaction legislative of fear and uncertainty the endured have Americans New bullying. against stand a take Let’s youth. LGBT our for support show to today purple Going now: Watch . the during about spoke Governor the topics important the of recap Quick (1/2) flawed. is formula cost-of-living Security's Social @ConMonitorNews: the with agree I (2/2) poverty: not dignity, in retire can seniors our so Security, Social expand to plan my is Here prosperity. to way their cut have country great No @MartinOMalley @MarcNo: RT it. cut not security social expand to call his reiterates strongly .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … @MartinOMalley cities." our of engines economic our of hearts the rebuild to need a is "There @NAHREP: RT Manchester in Summit Housing NH addresses .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT him. to means Bipartisanship what discusses .@MartinOMalley @carolynrcooper: RT economy. the and taxpayers hurts It govt. the shutdown to irresponsible fiscally It's .@MartinOMalley: @ConcordC: RT wage minimum the raised @MartinOMalley Fact: @omalleyfornh: RT college. to go to debt of mountains with children our saddles that country only the are We … plan his read benefits security social expanding for calls strongly @MartinOMalley NHTI At @omalleyfornh: RT week. our of highlights the of one was This @Everytown: RT principles. four these to commit should candidate Every Street. Wall in rein must We … ! @MartinOMalley with Hall Town an awaiting eagerly Dartmouth at Crowd @FollowSamTaylor: RT change. climate &amp; companies oil for same the do Let’s cancer. about lying for responsible companies tobacco held We drilling. Arctic to end an for calls plan climate My news. Great … @omalleyfornh Laconia! in Coffee Wayfarer at sharing @MartinOMalley upbeat An @FollowSamTaylor: RT … $ to MD across wage minimum the raised @MartinOMalley 2014 in Fact: O'M @omalleyforia: RT … @bcdoheny h/t you? Are @MartinOMalley! for caucus to committed is Puppy) Valuable (Most MVP campaign Kaylee, @omalleyforia: RT … Region Lakes NH's barnstorms @MartinOMalley debate the in introduction national first his by Energized @Jay1043: RT energy. green and unemployment youth lower college, free debt talking @MartinOMalley @KristiStL: RT @omalleyfornh tour of stop last on Nashua up hits .@MartinOMalley @elraymer: RT members @MomsDemand local with in his touting .@MartinOMalley @shannonrwatts: RT everyone. for work should economy Our @MartinOMalley: with agree you if RT @TheDemocrats: RT @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley! for card commit another knocked door Another @JosephOHern: RT http://… great truly was statement closing O'Malley's how about talk let's but debate, the won who about arguing Everyone's @nowthisnews: RT http://t.… action! of weekend doors to debate @omalleyforia in @MartinOMalley for coming on keep cards commit The @JosephOHern: RT in! tune to sure Make tonight. @TheDailyShow on be will Governor The proposals: safety gun four these support to candidates presidential other the challenge I college. debt-free expansion, Security Social control, gun for plans touts O’Malley @ConMonitorNews: of page Front … in Tune Radio News Concord on Education on Conversation Presidential a in participates .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT it: do to how Here's Security. Social protect, just not expand, to need We … now! questions your us Tweet tomorrow. table the at co-hosts the joins @MartinOMalley hopeful presidential Dem. @TheView: RT Tonight. .@TheDailyShow. by. stops @MartinOMalley candidate presidential shredding Guitar Tonight! @TheDailyShow: RT well. so steel blue do both @iamjohnoliver—they &amp; @RedHourBen confuse to easy It's mix-up. the about Sorry today! table the at co-hosts the joins @MartinOMalley hopeful presidential Democratic @TheView: RT theirs. but job any do to forced be shouldn't police Local claims. false and stereotypes on based bill knee-jerk a is 2146 S @TheView. on live is Governor The now! in Tune table! Topics Hot the at down sits @MartinOMalley candidate presidential Democratic @TheView: ON NOW @TheView: RT now. @TheView on Turn out! is guitar The @TheView! on @taylorswift13's sang @MartinOMalley happened: just This @TheView: RT @TheView. on Swift Taylor covered just @MartinOMalley WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT justice. deserve families their &amp; Victims more. thousands of hundreds sickened &amp; Haitians 9,000 killed has Cholera Charleston in @MartinOMalley Governor join Come @vincentsheheen: RT relations. positive of champion &amp; leader Canadian next-generation a is who @JustinTrudeau, to Congrats voters.” Latino to promises his on delivering of record track proven a has “O'Malley @TheView. on time first the for song new a cover Governor the Watch … on Blood" "Bad @taylorswift13's covers @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @bpolitics: RT bad got we now baby, 'Cause, loans. rate interest high with saddled already are who parents and students helps plan college free debt My -O’M best. the him wish &amp; decision his respect produced—I has nation our servants public compassionate decent, most the of one is .@JoeBiden grid. electric powered energy clean 100% a from away years 5 be could we now, from years 30 … on Blood” “Bad Swift’s Taylor cover O’Malley Martin candidate presidential Democratic Watch @RollingStone: RT -O'M leadership! your for Grateful deportations. unnecessary stop to fought who all and @davidcamposSF Congrats @TechCocktail us! Join DC. in tonight competition pitch tech civic a hosting I’m https:/… taken! be will @ with greet and meet &amp; concert a for us Join weekend? this JJ the to Coming @omalleyforia: RT shades. of pair same the have we like Looks Fair. State Iowa the at went I Sh… center. tech and policy @Microsoft the at @MartinOMalley with venture our pitch to about is @derwindubose Cofounder @newmajoritylabs: RT @Halcyon… luck! me Wish tech. civic around themed event campaign @MartinOMalley a at @newmajoritylabs pitch to heading I’m @derwindubose: RT @MicrosoftIPC! contest pitch tech civic our off kick to About problem-solving. civic in public the engage to tech using — @opendatanation from pitch First community.“ impact social news-driven first worlds “the @idealimpact, up: Next units. their with reconnect &amp; phone their from letters send to families &amp; military the of members allows .@sandboxx income. and production improve to info and knowledge tools, with farmers Providing @mosavali! from pitch Great https… . helping about more talking be should candidates All event. a doing is @MartinOMalley the Love @mob_advocacy: RT @MartinOMalley by hosted competition at @IdealImpact and @kamanda by pitch Great @JohnBalkam: RT tonight. contest pitch our of part — @mpowerfinancing out Check financing? student about Nerd-out challenges. own their to solutions build &amp; identify to color of communities empowering .@newmajoritylabs: news.” the about games “Making by! stopping for @newsuptweets Thanks stamps) food for process app. the streamlining now (right user-friendly more government making .@easyfoodstamps: O’Malley.” Gov in leader political digital real a have “We contest! pitch our by stopped @ericswalwell guest Special problems. big very some to solutions Great event. @MartinOMalley's at Great @mob_advocacy: RT @martinomalley Watching : on LIVE @digiphile: RT … candidate coolest the far by - @MartinOMalley with pitches startup to listening @Microsoft Here @afbarry: RT @RepSw… Via technology' gets who someone needs generation Our the in native 'Digital only the is .@MartinOMalley @tylergray: RT @MartinOMalley strength" our is diversity "Our @afbarry: RT speech! his giving @MartinOMalley @SustainCreative: RT https:… @MicrosoftIPC &amp; of potential the on @MartinOMalley candidate presidential pitch to Thankful @OpenDataNation: RT … potential. and ideas, big youth, of power the on his at @MartinOMalley by speech Incredible @kushaanshah: RT … TICKETS: FOR HERE CLICK Saturday! this Dinner JJ the at @MartinOMalley JOIN @omalleyforia: RT today: ticket your Get dinner? JJ Iowa weekend’s this at Governor the join to Want @omalleyforIA You? weekend. this dinner JJ the for ready we're Yeah, violenc… gun reducing on @MartinOMalley w/ discussion roundtable a for waiting now Charleston North in Church Moriah Mt. At @ElizLanders: RT https… Charleston. North in Church Baptist Moriah Mt. at campaigning @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential NOW: HAPPENING @ashblackstone: RT effort! state Carolina South my co-chairing for and endorsement your for Brown Boyd &amp; @vincentsheheen you, Thank plan: My purchases. ammunition &amp; gun for safeguards commonsense implement Let’s merecen. se que trato el reciban Rico Puerto que asegurar para adelante hacia paso este por @POTUS a Aplaudo equitably. treated are Rico Puerto in citizens fellow our ensure to forward step a taking for @POTUS applaud I ballroom! Stern in stage the takes @MartinOMalley until minutes 30 @emilycdeal: RT minutes! few a just in @CofCBullyPulpit live speak Governor the Watch https://… free. debt education higher making about @CofC the at speaking @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential NOW: RIGHT @ashblackstone: RT @CofC it.” buy don’t i politics, of out checked is generation next the say people "when .@MartinOMalley: @haleymorris: RT of! part a be to awesome So CofC! at Hall Town his at song into breaks @MartinOMalley @hollingsjd: RT @omalleyfornh Staters. Granite from today endorsements 21 announce to Proud internet. el en municiones y armas de compras las sobre regulaciones implementar de hora es Ya ! at live speaks O’Malley Governor NOW: Watch … home." at lived daughters my since women strong many this around been haven't "I .@MartinOMalley @KatieNiekamp: RT @DNCWomen to speaks @MartinOMalley C-SPAN2: on now LIVE @cspan: RT https:… gap wage the closing by Dream American the rebuild to President for running is he says .@MartinOMalley @JessicaMCoggins: RT it love I and on specific getting is .@MartinOMalley @KatieNiekamp: RT … @DNCWomen @MartinOMalley - career. and kids their between choose to have shouldn't they families have to want women If @KCFarrar: RT #… come has that opportunity business greatest the is energy renewable &amp; change climate @TheDemocrats: @MartinOMalley @Fedbindi: RT reform immigration comprehensive passing about talk to today person first the becomes .@MartinOMalley @JessicaMCoggins: RT healthy. and safe stay they May down. bears as prayers our in in neighbors our keep us Let fuertes. y seguros permanezcan Que . para preparan se mientras en vecinos nuestros por todos Oremos so… get to sides both on candidate other every pushing is man This O'Malley. Governor from invitation by today Iowa to Off @MamaRedfield: RT htt… Citie Sanctuary on O'Malley Martin Praises Campos David immigration: on leadership your for @MartinOMalley you Thank @DavidCamposSF: RT mine. in does It everywhere. parents of hearts the in fear puts surely country our in school another at shooting another of news the Hearing together. this, fix Let's act. must we know all We @brianschweitzer - Party.” our of future the represents best that candidate the is he believe I because President for Martin endorsing “I’m @brianschweitzer - 2016.” November in Republicans on take to candidate best the is [O’Malley] believe “I … now community the address @MartinOMalley Gov. Watch Dearborn? in us with be Can't @AAIUSA: RT @MartinOMalley candidate 2016 from hear to @UM_Dearborn here room Full @AAIUSA: RT @AA… compassion." defeat fear let cannot we safe, country our keep to can we everything do must we "While .@MartinOMalley: @karenwgirgis: RT … @AAIUSA's at campaigns, the in prejudice anti-Arab &amp; against vigorously speaking for @MartinOMalley to Kudos @OmarBaddar: RT @MartinOMalley - be" shouldn't kids little Saving complicated. is this "Solving @AAIUSA: RT @Mar… brothers" &amp; sisters were All them. of front in everything w/ young were Some . 8 and 50 lost "We've @AAIUSA: RT Israel about Dearborn in Arab-Americans to now speaking @martinomalley Gov. : on LIVE @nwarikoo: RT https://t… @MartinOMalley candidate presidential w/ hope &amp; courage, hardship, of stories share Watching @iMayaBerry: RT Auditorium Vets around up popping signs .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT Moines Des JJ, Last The O'Malley, Team @SeanMcEnerney: RT . the for Ready rally Osage his at @MartinOMalley from concert Mini @meganspecia: RT … of ahead talking morning, this @MartinOMalley with Osage in crowd Great @ksosanie: RT tonight. for prep in tune-up little A Osage! in out guitars The @omalleyforia: RT … tonight?: democrat's at Sanders and Clinton from out stand to plan @MartinOMalley does How @mashpolitics: RT fray war sign the joins team @MartinOMalley The @IAStartingLine: RT Moines Des in Dinner JJ tonight's for signs their readies team .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT @MartinOMalley work! at hard OMalley Will @clairequestion: RT ! the for ready getting @omalleyforia Team dinner ) gear: store O’Malley some in (And force! full in out .@omalleyforia way!!!!! the all @MartinOMalley I-O-W-A @afreedman23: RT Pre-show @MartinOMalley the at stage the takes Ruth Ruthless @omalleyforia: RT performance rally his before proud and loud supporters .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT https:… lyrics for @TheDailyShow @Trevornoah Cc serenade off kicks @MartinOMalley up: warm to Cash Johnny little a Invoking @haleymorris: RT https… trail. campaign his and Iowa to it caters and Everywhere" Been "I've singing now .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT rally JJ Iowa : on LIVE @omalleyforia: RT Pumped. Do. We Strive. We Believe. We @omalleyforia: RT WATCH: Iowa; in Cash Johnny ‘covers’ O’Malley @thehill: RT ! the to O'Malley Marching ET: 9pm at live Watch @MartinOMalley with dinner have and inside get to line in Waiting @Keniaacc: RT https… ! Governor's the At Dinner. Jackson Jefferson the at arrival @MartinOMalley for Waiting @MamaRedfield: RT … us." with "he's chanting "thundersticks," with outfitted is crowd @MartinOMalley The @desmoinesdem: RT . at introduced being before Backstage … . cena la durante @MartinOMalley con estará @Keniaacc, comunitaria, líder y DREAMer @Latinos4OMalley: RT @MartinOMalley with dining from away Minutes @Keniaacc: RT https://t… you@MartinOMalley Thank table this at seat a earned &amp; fought have DREAMers opportunity, this for honored &amp; Thankful @Keniaacc: RT program the in breaks during up energy the keeping crowd .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT Iowa. in Dinner Jackson Jefferson 2015 the at speaks O’Malley Governor LIVE: WATCH ! at stage the takes O’Malley Iowans. tells O'Malley election," presidential every country our for do you what for all you thank "I @LissandraVilla: RT country. a as place generous more and compassionate, more connected, more a to moving are We values. progressive our about fearless be must We http… row a in years five #1 schools MD making education in invested @MartinOMalley recession the During : @omalleyforia: RT at @MartinOMalley - 2008." of crash Street Wall the since way long a come has country "Our @iowademocrats: RT … acciones. con y líderes nuevos con resolver debemos La misma. sí por resuelve se no injusticia La .@MartinOMalley: @Latinos4OMalley: RT here: goals 15 O’Malley’s about more Read her. like Americans of millions and herself for rights citizenship for advocate fearless a DREAMer—is Iowa @Keniaacc—an . … @realDonaldTrump barker carnival immigrant-bashing, that To @NRA cc enough. is Enough weapons. assault combat of sale the ban must we checks; background universal require must we lives save To fight—&gt; the Join tonight's at vision and performance his for @MartinOMalley friend my of Proud @ericswalwell: RT now. reform immigration comprehensive pass let’s Then down? not and up go to wages want we Do : Dinner Jackson Jefferson Iowa the at speech full O’Malley’s Governor WATCH: Governor! the see to ET 8:30 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune @MartinOMalley up Coming @Morning_Joe: RT not' do leaders directions, switches vane 'Weather .@MartinOMalley: @Morning_Joe: RT share: and here, out it Check today? @Morning_Joe on Governor the Miss http… operations GOP the of any over fight straight-up a in team IA @MartinOMalley the take We'd @IAStartingLine: RT @NRA. the to "NO" say and up stand and Democrats as backbone our find we time high It's https://t.… change. for consensus new a forge can we together and now me join @HillaryClinton now. me join .@BernieSanders @omalleyforia: RT change. a for time It’s : the before Governor the with backstage Go start. the from them opposed clearly I've why that's country—and our for bad are like Projects Tonight! in! tune to sure Make @allinwithchris. on be will Governor the tonight Later @allinwithchris. on Turn now! on is Governor The it. on depends class middle American the of future The Street. Wall of interests the before interests national the put to time It’s … —&gt; @realDonaldTrump de racistas insultos los de los a defiende .@MartinOMalley @Latinos4OMalley: RT video to reacts .@MartinOMalley @allinwithchris: RT daughter. my to that did somebody if ballistic be would I father, a as and parent a As -Dad moves. dance Nice Twitter! to Welcome .@WOM_alley: canvass! weekend our from Scenes @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley for today 7 Ward in doors the crushing .@JordanMeehan @omalleyfornh: RT Street. Main represent will I Street. Wall represent not will I lives. redeem a save to system justice criminal our Reform 9: Goal not. do leaders Effective change. winds the time every position its shifts vane weather A no. líder verdadero Un viento. del dirección la según posición su cambia veleta Una -O'M ! note high a on Leaving all. us inspired you proud, us made You long. so for @ussoccer_wnt repping for @AbbyWambach Thanks @ma… by diversity our is nation our of strengths economic great the of One .@MartinOMalley: @IQLatino: RT work: They restrictions. age and periods, waiting licensing, gun mandatory like measures sense common pass Let’s … endorsements! Iowa new 24 announces .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT plan: full my Read loopholes. dangerous close and universal checks background make Let’s Pres. as same the do would &amp; MD in it repealed I deterrent. ineffective an &amp; biased racially is penalty death The values. our with odds at fundamentally is it because Maryland in penalty death the abolished I violence: gun discuss to Boulder in family Phillips the by joined is O’Malley Governor LIVE: Watch Phillips Lonnie and Sandy - country.” this for do to trying he’s what and O’Malley Governor with stand “We Boulder CU at .@MartinOMalley @coloradodems: RT Maryland.” of state the to laws gun sense common apply can he proven has he because O’Malley Governor with stand "We words.” not actions, about is He country. our for sense common sense gun makes "O’Malley backbon… the with Republican a is which being, rare a of search in I'm Colorado of mountains beautiful these In O'Malley: @adriandgarcia: RT @NRA. the on take to backbone the with candidate @GOP a is that and being, elusive very a of search in am I … @MartinOMalley! like faces, familiar some see to nice It's Colorado. Boulder, in the outside We're @MomsDemand: RT … It.” For Hard Pushed Who @MartinOMalley For Achievement “Major A Was Penalty Death "Repealing FLASHBACK: @omalleyfornh: RT support. your for you thank And . for fighting day every and today courage your for @MamaRedfield Thanks Colorado: of University the at Rally at live Governor The WATCH: reform. immigration compr. passing by economy shadow off-the-books, the of out neighbors our of 11M Bring economy? our strengthen we do How debates? between contrast about talk to wants .@tedcruz security. social expand &amp; them to promise our keep Let's seniors. demonizing stop to need we @GovMikeHuckabee: with agree I'd thought Never break! commercial this after @msnbc @maddow with on Governor the Catch @NRA. the to up stand to courage the has candidate @GOP one Not involved. be absolutely should government federal the And wage. living a about It's @CarlyFiorina. wages, minimum about not It's actuar. de debería federal gobierno el Y justo. salario un de trata Se @carlyfiorina. mínimo, salario del trata se No yesterday. Colorado in with was Governor the family the about more Read laws safety gun pass to NRA the beat to how on @maddow with talks .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT deserves. work hard their compensation equal and full the get must daughters choice—our a is Progress today! campaign the to kittens @BARCS_SHELTER adorable most these bringing for @Uber_Maryland Thx maravilloso. d nada tiene no Americanos Nuevos d aísle nos que muro un Construir maravilla. una es China Muralla Gran la .@realDonaldTrump, legislation. safety gun passing on battles” the through been “You’ve night: last Governor the to .@maddow overdue. long is This night. last leave family paid about talking Republicans the hear didn’t You system. justice criminal our in inequalities the combat to plan a forward put night last Republican single a Not principles. four these to commit should candidate Every Street. Wall in rein must We … College Morningside at students of classroom full a and @MartinOMalley with Donuts and Coffee @ksosanie: RT work. that programs reentry and job-training in invest will I years. 3 w/in return jail/prison from released people of 60% to Up pipeline. school-to-prison the end and records, felony with people to rights voting restore box, the ban Let's bill rights trans Maryland signs @MartinOMalley ARCHIVES: THE @omalleyforia: RT members. family surviving to cruel and expensive is process appeals the &amp; deterrent ineffective and biased racially a is penalty death The penalty. death the oppose I why about 2007 from op-ed My law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As @IowaSOS: via students school high Iowa for video 101 Caucus our out Check https://… politics and coffee for morning Saturday fall great @MartinOMalley hear to Junction Valley in house Packed @JakeOeth: RT DSM. West in house coffee packed a to talking .@MartinOMalley @ericlitmer: RT Iowa. about singing and guitar playing @MartinOMalley @scanthony14: RT me. than harder worked he sure pretty I'm Moines. Des West in morning this out working @MartinOMalley @rdoconnor: RT … 9 at @MartinOMalley with down sits @TimSeamanABC9 . with morning your Start Sunday! Happy @kcautv: RT jobs. new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our years, 35 Within one. like it treat Let’s crisis. health public a is Addiction poverty. not dignity, in retire can seniors our so Security “enhance”—Social or cut expand—not to need We politics. chose stronger—@SpeakerRyan the make to shadows the of out neighbors million 11 bring lead—to to opportunity an with Faced affordable. more college make to actions took We @POTUS: you, Thank Maryland. in it do to proud was I and plan, justice criminal my of part big a is box the Banning prize! top the winning for Kildee Dolly Chair O’Malley for County Montgomery our of granddaughter the to Congrats lives: redeem and save to plan justice criminal my Read take. would I steps many of one just is economy. energy clean a to transition our realize help to Corps Jobs Energy Clean new a create would I beneficiaries. all for Security Social expansion the for call &amp; values our for up stand to time is it Democrats, As hand-in-hand. go students our of experience educational the and service national make Let’s Dream. American the Rebuild to goals 15 my ideas—read bold and solutions new needs country Our @AARP Security. enhancing—Social just or cutting expanding—not for to Proud A… New keep to plan a propose to candidate ONLY is and on record best the has he because @MartinOMalley support I @Keniaacc: RT … accounts! media social our of all on us follow coverage, student full For . at is @MartinOMalley Today: @UNHStudents: RT campaign. my endorsed have who leaders Democratic 100 over and teams leadership state 21 announce to Proud UNH at hall town words not actions an off kicking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … economy the of @MartinOMalley Says injustice." growing A country. this in inequality economic growing a is "There @UNHStudents: RT change."@MartinOMalle… climate is challenge that and time our of challenge the on take and shoulders our square must "We @merrick_gordon: RT vote. youth the about talks he as O'Malley Says America." compassionate more a towards moving are "We @UNHStudents: RT Americans. all protects . vote and discrimination against unite to Houstonians for hours more 6 vote! go And here. vote to when and where about know to need you everything out Find @NRA the of interests the of ahead safety children's our put Let’s -O'M Terps! Go @VernonDavis85. missing be we'll bad Too more. talk to love would I Monday. next SF to heading am I .@TorreySmithWR ! to everyone remind to want we today, doors the hits @MartinOMalley team As @omalleyforia: RT / @thenation for latest My platform. pro-immigrant explicit stunningly his and O'Malley @juliannehing: RT Manchester in 1 Ward at mayor for @JoyceCraig2015 supporting out is .@martinomalley @omalleyfornh: RT communities. our protect to actions executive 7 these take would I President, As . about It’s … Keene in reform safety gun on focused hall town our for out turn Great @omalleyfornh: RT … event great a after Society Historical Keene the @ together back room the put helps .@MartinOMalley @Jay1043: RT Primary. Hampshire New the for file to candidate Presidential first the become Governor the WATCH … says. he Democrat," first the be to wanted "I file. to candidate major first the is O'Malley @TheBradMielke: RT . the in run to up signs officially @MartinOMalley VIDEO: @MarcNECN: RT that. fix Let’s responsible. held be won’t dealer the check—and background a w/out ammunition of rounds 4,000 buy can gunman a Today, life: in on early did I what about more learn but experience, executive of years 15 my about heard have may You -O’M story. and strength your from learn all can We @SarahRudolp. AL, in campaign our for delegate a be to committing for Thanks Watch: 2008. in thing same the did she But guns. on excuses making for @JebBush after go to wants .@HillaryClinton @PitzerCollege. to went we time the of me reminds this of all Funny, @omalleyforia .@omalleyfornh Watch: @JebBush? or @HillaryClinton best? it said laws—who gun in involved be shouldn’t government federal The https://t… @MartinOMalley cc:@thecabbige checked. Box, candidate. presidential a to before never pitching, of lot a done I've @JOMJessie: RT contest! pitch tech civic Boston our at crowd Great @MartinOMalley laws gun common-sense for Time O'Malley: @hardball: RT start: I'd how Here's years. 10 within half in violence gun by deaths reduce to commit must We polls. follow not in, believe we policies for fight will who leader a need We gases. greenhouse limit to action aggressive take to EPA the direct would I President, As -O’M same. the do to General Attorneys state other urge I . investigating for @AGSchneiderman applaud I with the rocked @MartinOMalley when to @omalleyforia: RT marcha. su en a Apoyo justice. for now act must @HHSGov help. our need in citizens fellow Our 🎶 out! is guitar The pub! Irish an at sing @MartinOMalley to Listening @HallieGolden4: RT week: next debate the before one Get yet? magnet car or sticker bumper a grab you Did (1/2) fuels. fossil on reliance our extend and change climate exacerbate will it know we because opposed long I've (2/2) jobs. energy clean new created &amp; gas greenhouse cut it: did we MD, In change. climate on lead must dream—we pipe a isn't energy Clean next: what's out find to plan my of rest the Read done. these getting for @POTUS to Thanks Party Democratic the of future the be could O'Malley Martin Why @RollingStone: RT https://… campaña la de ambiciosas más indocumentados a amparo de promesas las hace .@martinomalley @UniNoticias: RT op-ed: @cnn my Read good.” for penalty death the abolish nation, a as we, that time is "It @MartinOMalley by go to needs penalty death the Why @CNNOpinion: RT ET. 8pm at starting TONIGHT Forum Presidential Democratic @MSNBC’s &amp; @maddow miss Don’t here: LIVE Watch 5! in Starts side.” their on are Dems that know &amp; tables kitchen their around to listen can people that ideas the advance to need "We place" generous and connected more a towards moving are @MartinOMalley"We @crystalthomison: RT start the from it opposed clearly I why that’s country—and our for bad are like Projects for calling I'm why That's imperative. security national &amp; moral a is change climate Addressing @omalleyfornh: RT … change. climate on action take to need We stones. of out ran we because Age, Stone the of out move didn't we @MartinOMalley @youngdems: RT here: all them Read listing? is Governor the accomplishments the with up keep Can’t either. country our in prisons private allow not would I Maryland. in prisons private allow not did I now: for campaign our Join this? of part a be to Want @MartinO… that’s and reform safety gun sense common passed and NRA the to up stood actually has candidate Dem one only Fact: @MattSheaff: RT symbolism.” “pure buyers—“tokenism,” gun on checks background requiring bill Bill—a Brady the called .@BernieSanders @bpolitics crisis” financial for hook the off banks big lets “@HillaryClinton abolishing.” favor “not does @HillaryClinton Maryland. in it abolished and penalty, death the opposes firmly O’Malley Governor FACT: people. all of dignity the promote &amp; safety public ensure to neighbors w/ work officers when best its at is enforcement Law @maddow show. Maddow MSNBC's on candidate strongest the like seems @MartinOMalley @GordonRHanson: RT O’Malley: Governor with stand you show to $3 Give done. things getting &amp; about campaign a to in Pitch YahooPolitics via more: here's intrigued, were and tonight @MartinOMalley watched you If @mattbai: RT : of record his about talked he when out Check ? at @MartinOMalley Miss @haleymorris: RT @maddow you. about more know to Good job. great @MartinOMalley @laurawilde100: RT like. I more the @MartinOMalley, of myself inform I More @princesskarly11: RT message. his like @MartinOMalley, to up warming really I'm @218Lov: RT tonight." me impressed really "you @MartinOMalley: to students Winthrop @Lis_Smith: RT side. my by being always for Thanks . before hug Quick dignity. with retire to able be should American every labor, hard of life a After take: his @maddow gives @MartinOMalley South? the in win Democrats Can @MSNBC: RT Watch: jobs." more of opportunity the in change climate of challenge the wrap to need "We Watch: wrong. it’s and immoral, it’s think I appalling. is country our in prisons for-profit to move the think I (AP) Carolina: South in stride his hits .@MartinOMalley @MSNBC: RT answer: The O’Malley. Governor to @maddow - own?” you that clothing of item impractical most the is "What for." pay to willing not we’re wars to in people send shouldn’t "We questions: round lightning the for preps O'Malley Martin @MSNBC: RT citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National matters. Leadership … dinner Fame of Hall Democratic County Linn the at ovation standing a receives .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As @Re4mImmigration: with Forum Immigration Candidate Presidential the at live Governor The WATCH: Apply.” Need Irish No Wanted: “Help says desk–it my on 1890s the from sign a kept always I Governor, as and Mayor as service my During education. higher affordable to access have could Dreamers 36,000 that ensure to Act DREAM own our pursued we Maryland, In light the into and shadows the of out families American New bring to President as take would I actions the out lay to candidate only the I’m us. of all for better works that economy an and country our for best is what on based leadership principled leadership, new need We -O'M puede. se Si done. getting to commitment and passion your share I me. having for @re4mimmigration you Thank how: Here’s veterans. our with trust sacred its uphold must America it. overturn to fight and issue the on leadership take will I President, As unconstitutional. is penalty death The reform: ambitious embrace must VA security, nation’s our for sacrificed who those of trust the restore to begin To animals: of conservation on locations—focus all to expansion urge I @Seaworld. by step first important an is This plan: my Read veterans. our to services supportive &amp; care health world-class ensure must We progress: this continue must We 2010. since 33% by it reducing homelessness, veteran end to worked .@WhiteHouse 2020. by veterans our for employment full reach to goal a set have I (1/2) Trump. Donald front-runner, GOP the of that &amp; past the of policies failed in believes still Clinton Sec. that hear to Disappointed (2/2) society. our into fully more Americans New welcome to fight the leading be should Party Our walls. nor fences building be shouldn't We lejos. mas aún ire presidente quedarse—como para aquí están , Suprema. Corte La paso: Próximo are. they who to true being was transgression only whose veterans LGBT for justice long-overdue provide will I -O'M can! we wherever and however $15 to get Let's wage. minimum federal $15 a and the support I deportation. from Americans New of millions protecting to closer step one We're SCOTUS. to , appeal to right is .@whitehouse miedo. con vivir de dejar podrán millones Pronto, suprema. corte la en defendidos ser deben razón tiene .@lacasablanca -O'M today. trail the on me helping for thanks and then, back me helping for Thanks @WOM_alley. Birthday Happy … needs veterans to response government coordinate to 2011 In meeting VetStat first the created @MartinOMalley FACT: O'M @omalleyforia: RT DC. in &amp; Fed the @ door revolving the close will plan My itself. police can't Street Wall families: military support can we how Here’s too. up, sign families their military, the for up sign civilians When agree. don't candidates GOP surprise, No . to fight I'd Pres. as &amp; Maryland in wage minimum the raised I up. it look @TedCruz: Dear -O’M safe. country our keeps sacrifice and bravery commitment, Your you. veterans—thank our of all To served. have who all to Thanks together. me &amp; dad my of taken picture Last ago. years 10 Day Veterans unionize! to wants who worker every and @UFCW, , I know them letting today @IKEAUSA wrote I on. you cheering are We Jon. service, your for Thanks America. across walking Bastard” “Magnificent a called I Today Pacific. the to deploying before Nevada in training crew, B-24 his with father my of picture a is Here world. the around and States United the in celebrating are who all to Lights of Festival Happy comrades: his for country the across way his making @1MagBastard with conversation my about more Read heroes: our by right do must We unacceptable. is average—this national the 2x is vets post-9/11 among Unemployment are. they who to true being was transgression only whose veterans LGBT for justice long-overdue provide will I care. foster and adoption in discrimination end would I POTUS, As disgraceful. is family their from child a Tearing country. our for good is how us show can that family American New a w/ meal a sharing &amp; family Ramirez the meeting to forward Looking Smith: Evan with @overheardpbs on Governor the Watch … nation." a as are we who against cuts it wrong, "It's says. @MartinOMalley USA help" not does families up "Breaking @overheardpbs: RT in. Tune now! Happening year… 8 last in made progress on run to fail we if mistake "A says. @MartinOMalley record." Obama's] [Pres on run to "Have @overheardpbs: RT candidate" other any than more @NRA the to up standing for heart my of bottom the from much so you thank to want "I @MartinOMalley con historia su compartir de oportunidad la tendrá Ramirez familia La @JuanSaaa: RT … citizens. undocumented are Adriana, and Manuel Parents, family. w/Ramirez eating Austin East in is .@MartinOMalley @jrud: RT 2016 &amp; Act DREAM talking family, immigrant w lunch for arrives @MartinOMalley today, Austin In @MarkW_KVUE: RT https:… children." my of each of dreams the are "These saying, tassels, graduation two @MartinOMalley hands mother Immigrant @MarkW_KVUE: RT Americanos! Nuevos los todos y ustedes por luchando ¡Seguiré recibirme. por Ramírez Familia la a Gracias leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We families. American New of millions for relief immediate secure to presidency the of power full the use will I @MartinOMalley - citizenship. to pathway a includes that reform immigration have must We @TXDemParty: RT greet. and meet @UTAustin tonight's at @MartinOMalley for house Full @TXDemParty: RT now. reform immigration comprehensive pass and shadows the of out workers get Let's @martinomalley! for rooting and watching you’re if RT – Iowa in first the is Tomorrow @omalleyforia: RT … about who's man this with stand to Honored @MartinOMalley. of guests as debate the attend to time Iowa to Off @MamaRedfield: RT choose. to right woman’s a defend to fight I'll POTUS, As Wade. v. Roe destroy could case This -O'M people. its and country the for Praying Paris. from news Heartbreaking peace. and unity love, of speak that globe the throughout voices to listen us Let ET. 9pm at LIVE watch to in Tune . for prepping backstage is O’Malley Governor ground." the on boots of pair a than more is son "My member: service military of mother a quotes .@MartinOMalley @ABCPolitics: RT soldiers.” American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son "My O’Malley: Governor to member service a of mother A row. a in years five unprecedented an #1 system school K-12 Maryland’s ranked Week Education O’Malley, Under implemented.” O’Malley Gov. which freeze, tuition four-year a from comes success MD’s of part big “A #… law into Act Leave Parental Maryland &amp; Act Restoration Rights Civil Ledbetter Lilly MD the signed @MartinOMalley MD, of Gov As @PPact: RT now. reform immigration comprehensive pass and shadows the of out workers get Let's more: Read Americans. New of number possible greatest the to action deferred providing w/ starts plan My law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As yourself. for See plan? Street Wall @HillaryClinton’s about say people did What nation. the in legislation safety gun strongest the place in put O'Malley Governor Maryland, In city. major other any than faster crime down drove Baltimore leadership, O’Malley’s Under FACT: out: him help And Watch: Street. Wall on buck honest an make to tried O’Malley Gov. better. do must &amp; can We reform. justice criminal need we ever than more now believe I worked. it institutions—and public at tuition freeze to action took O’Malley Governor … bills." of mountain a "on school to went daughters his notes college, debt-free for calls O'Malley @ThisWeekABC: RT ​ now: campaign our Join . in believes who candidate the Support now. right can you whatever Donate moment. our was This @TheIowaHawkeyes!!! and @MartinOMalley both for wins Solid @samgrayia: RT … barker": carnival "immigrant-bashing as Trump slams .@MartinOMalley @MSNBC: RT soluti… smart and responses quick his with impress to fails never man The tonight. the at solid was @MartinOMalley @hankselby: RT Clear… rhetoric! and numbers just not immigration, and war to side human a is there us reminding for you Thank @MartinOMalley @ItsMollyC: RT : tonight's during economy the on O'Malley Martin @BostonGlobe: RT Saints. at party after his at @MartinOMalley for waiting chanting of Lots @SarahBeckman3: RT … supporters! and staff volunteers, thanking saints at thing stool bar his doing .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT Beaverdale in crowd tells @MartinOMalley go!" to days 80 victory, to "On @IAStartingLine: RT … supporters. with pictures take and hands shake to around sticking .@MartinOMalley @SarahBeckman3: RT htt… Gov! the during performance Great friends! with tonight @MartinOMalley for cheering fun Had @WalterDeleonDC: RT Americans: Muslim about say to had O'Malley Martin what is here Paris, of wake the In @ajplus: RT perf. boffo his on @MartinOMalley happy a w/ interview post-debate short My @MarkHalperin: RT religion." world great a of name the perverting is group barbaric and brutal "This soldiers.” American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son "My now: campaign our Join this? of part a be to Want agree: you if Join love. is Love equality. of side the on stood he Governor, As … BBQ Fall Democrats County Story the at ovation standing a receives .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT free. debt college graduate to chance a student every give and future our in invest to need We Trump…” Donald carnival-barker immigrant-bashing that from this hear never “You’ll reform. care health in leader national a be can Maryland @NEJM: Medicine of Journal England New the from it Take @WartburgCollege at students of full room a to speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT townhall. @MartinOMalley for College Wartburg at classroom Full @ksosanie: RT Decorah in goers caucus with meeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … John's! Java at residents Decorah and students Luther with @MartinOMalley for house coffee Packed @omalleyforia: RT (1/2) Paris. in saw we violence same very the fleeing refugees Syrian of rejection the for called now have states 13 in Governors Republican choice. zero-sum a not is are we who to true staying and safe America Keeping ignorance. &amp; fear of face the in values our rejecting are They https:/… Obama. with stand to right is @MartinOMalley refugees. Syrian of scapegoating reject to right is President The @NicholsUprising: RT unAmerican. and heartless is This anything? for vetted be to need three-year-olds do world what in .@ChrisChristie religion. world great a of name the perverting is group barbaric and brutal This Iowa! in endorsements new 28 have to Happy @MartinOMalley for caucus to committing Dolan Denise Auditor Dubuque @omalleyforia: RT now. end must @SenFeinstein—this with agree I guns. buy to right terrorists' protect but refugees away turn R's front. humanitarian this on responsibilities our shirk we if battlefield, the on credible be cannot we leader, moral a be cannot We it. for pay actually she'd how people American the tell should She leave. family paid support do I right: is .@HillaryClinton citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National free. debt college graduate to chance a student every give and future our in invest to need We change. for fighting those with stand I violence. gun from lives saving on research blocked has @NRA The … here: them of 28 all about Read endorsements? new @MartinOMalley's Missed @omalleyforia: RT more: Read contracts. procurement through safety gun advance to purse federal the of power the use must We @MartinOMalley touches nobody insults, Trump Donald of commander-in-chief being to comes it When @nowthisnews: RT Maryland. in Act DREAM the passed O’Malley 2011, In soldiers” American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son “My it. destroy would You freedom. religious protect to founded was America .@realdonaldtrump, are. we who to true stay must We Paris. in saw we violence same very the fleeing are refugees Syrian … refugees Syrian the welcome should we right, is Taylor Mayor nation. compassionate &amp; generous a are We @omalleyforia: RT @BloombergTV on joins @MartinOMalley ET, 5pm at up Coming @bpolitics: RT … polls national @bpolitics latest of analysis + joins @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @bpolitics: RT ET. 9:30 at @maddow on Governor the out Check TONIGHT: it! rocked @MartinOMalley tonight! in room Packed @AnnaMolas: RT Governor! the see to now @maddow to in Tune Governor. the see to ET 8:30 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune … next. us joins candidate presidential Democratic The ISIS? defeat @MartinOMalley would How @Morning_Joe: RT https:… ystdy. House the in had they that vote cowardly and rushed to preferable far is leadership Obama's .@MartinOMalley: @Morning_Joe: RT @NHCSL. en apoyo su por @nelsonalcalde16 @bianchi2016, @RepSoniaPacheco, @jorgesuarezsena a Gracias people. a as have we values the people, a as share we that principles the of us remind to leaders for important very it's crisis of times In pass &amp; services healthcare mental expand bullying, fight detention, unnecessary end let’s yr, this lost lives honor we As separation. of fear in live shouldn't Families song. a you sing to like we'd anniversary, DAPA year one the honor To lives. redeem and save to system justice criminal our Reform 9: Goal , for now stage on is Governor The WATCH: primary! our for filing @MartinOMalley now: Just @scdp: RT Watch: . the at stage the take to about is Governor The here: plan full my Read @MartinOMalley. candidate presidential Democratic to talk I’ll @ThisWeekABC, on Sunday @GStephanopoulos: RT insufficient. is programs treatment for Funding underutilized. are strategies treatment and prevention Proven nameless. the to names giving for you Thank it. deserved he maybe says @realDonaldTrump front-runner &amp; rally a at up beaten is protester a when GOP today's w/ wrong is Something needs" nation leader new of type is "@MartinOMalley Monitor: Concord today's In @omalleyfornh: RT Bedford in today event first our off kicking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT laws. antitrust our enforcing aggressively while jobs, and taxes offshore that mergers fight will I POTUS As now: for campaign our Join . in believes who candidate the Support : for calling I'm why That's imperative. security national &amp; moral a is change climate Addressing discrimination. identity gender banning legislation comprehensive signing Marylanders, transgender for up stood O’Malley Force. Task Security Homeland Mayors’ of Conference the co-chair to mayors fellow his by selected was O’Malley 2003, In records. felony with people to rights voting restore &amp; lead MD's &amp; KY follow must government federal The @GovSteveBeshear. you Thank America: in care health for plan My life. healthy a live to opportunity the deserves American Every it: do to how Here’s 2020. by 95% to rate insurance the increasing all, for care health to access ensure Goal: Organizer Field @MartinOMalley A Of Life The In Day A ICYMI: @IAStartingLine: RT Safety. Public and Security Homeland on Committee Special NGA’s the co-chair to peers fellow his by selected was O’Malley Governor, As Immigration Highlights Farmworkers, Of Sings O'Malley Martin @SuzGamboa: RT … Dinner: JJ @iowademocrats months last for ready getting team @MartinOMalley The ICYMI: @omalleyforia: RT Thanksgiving. Happy very a all Wishing for? thankful you are What … here: for thankful are we what Watch yours! and you to team @MartinOMalley the from Thanksgiving Happy @omalleyforia: RT gear. cool some for out Check today? Shopping Colorado. in those with are prayers and thoughts My unacceptable. is This eat. to enough without poverty, in living are children five in one America, in Today on question member's @MoveOn a answer me Watch watching? be you Will tonight. Dinner JJ @NHDems the for Excited … Dinner JJ Democrats before Radisson outside supporters w/ meets .@MartinOMalley @MikeCroninWMUR: RT … dinner the to tickets for @MartinOMalley you Thank @katie_bm: RT dinner! Jackson Jefferson the at @MartinOMalley meeting pleasure a was It @Liam5music: RT now: up Sign . in believes who candidate the Support JJ to prior supporters greeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT Dinner: JJ @NHDems the at Governor The LIVE: WATCH achieved. have we what upon build to but progress, of record Obama-Biden the from away run not must we Americans, as Democrats, As can! we however and hour—wherever an $15 to wage minimum the raise to together, action, take must We Liberty! of Statue the is it fence— wire barbed the not is nation our of symbol enduring the say, and together, up stand us Let https://t… flapping. both are wing right the &amp; wing left the when best works America @MartinOMalley @KristiStL: RT Manchester in Companies Velcro touring .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT @omalleyfornh Conway in Center Gibson the at questions takes .@MartinOMalley @elraymer: RT @ConwayDailySun the at fridge famous the signs .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT prevention &amp; research,treatment, HIV redouble will I POTUS, As AIDS. of scourge the end &amp; together world the bring can America leadership US undermines GOP the change, climate fight to leaders world w/ meets @POTUS Outrageous--as tonight students @UVA with speak to Excited https://t… phonebanking of night for @dave_hamrick Manager Campaign Natl O'Malley trains @AbenaAbraham out: it Check @ksosanie: RT priorities @NRA of ahead safety put should GOP House The Disgraceful. to "eagle" prefer still I though - @TexasTravesty with down sitting Loved hashtag, new the of birth - also .@aseitzwald laws safety gun meaningful enact and @NRA the to up stand to time it's enough: is Enough . of out news Horrifying @UniPolitica @jorgeramosnews @UniNoticias @MartinOMalley in When @carl_chirinos: RT 1 day on actions executive bold these proposing am I stop! must violence this - same the urge I @RJCHQ .@URJ … laws gun in change force finally might rampage Bernardino San says O’Malley Martin @ThisIsFusion: RT weapons assault buy can they but fly, can't suspects Terror @NRA. the up stand to NOW officials elected on Call … recap short this at look a Take swing? NH recent @MartinOMalley's of any Miss @omalleyfornh: RT to. able be should serve to qualified All forward. military our moving is Carter Secretary refugees. accept and leader moral a be to needs US the agree, I letter. this signed who rabbis 1,000+ the to Thanks others? the were where @NRA, to up stand to Proud control. gun on candidates Dem at look close takes timeline .@nhpr ago. years 2 @UofMaryland the at spoke Holiness His when @WOM_alley with @DalaiLama the meeting to https… @PhilanderSmith. at issues other and control, gun education, higher from ranging issues addressing @MartinOMalley @HigherEduSmith: RT speech! great a gave and Arkansans with meeting @MartinOMalley Party. Holiday DPA the At @_keithmorgan: RT -O'M EOs. use let's act, to courage have doesn't Congress If disgrace." nat'l &amp; outrage "moral a is agree—this I penalty. death the abolish must We practice. biased racially and archaic an on stance strong a take will who leader a need We here: plan full my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As and right is children and mothers detaining that insisting stop must They wrong. is DOJ … SC Charleston in Hall Town Presidential a at @MartinOMalley with Here strong. standing Party Democratic The @ChsDems: RT pride w/ &amp; to—openly able be should serve to can/wants who Anyone disgusting. are servicemembers women &amp; LGBT abt comments .@RealBenCarson's Maryland. in Act DREAM the passed O’Malley 2011, In 2050. by grid electric powered energy renewable 100% a on run to, needs and can, America Security. Social expansion the for call and values our for up stand to time is It -O'M Lights. of Festival the celebrating all to Hanukkah Happy jobs. new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our years, 35 Within #… here: Security enhance--Social just expand--not to plan our out check @AARP, Hey @omalleyforia: RT https… @AARPIA @MartinOMalley Gov says update to needed is Leadership Presidential @petejeffries: RT ban. national a pass let's Now stand. will law MD's &amp; ban weapons assault OK's SCOTUS news: good of Sliver demagogue. fascist a as President for running is he doubt: all removes .@realdonaldtrump future. and Democracy their for day great a is This spoken. have Venezuela of people The Venezuela. de futuro el y Democracia la para día gran un es Hoy voces. sus alzo Venezuela de pueblo El Rapids Cedar in townhall tech @TechnologyIowa's off Kicking @omalleyforia: RT always &amp; now you w/ stand I union! a join to right their expressed who Vegas Las in workers Hotel Trump to Congrats … Bowl!" Rose the to going on importance-congrats great of issue w/ "starting IA: of U at .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT https://t.… @MartinOMalley others"- to service noble a is service public me taught parents "My @vogt_for_nicky: RT … infrastructure/human for Calls closet. a in cash storing by wealth legacy up store not do nations Great .@MartinOMalley @DavidRedlawsk: RT Security. Social for plans @MartinOMalley discuss @MattSheaff and .@SpradNH @AARPadvocates: RT … Security Social expand to plan progressive detailed, full, @MartinOMalley here’s @AARPNH Hey @omalleyfornh: RT citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National leadership. his to thanks vote popular by this defend to first the became Maryland law—and into equality marriage signed O’Malley 2012, In Forum. South The in First the from questions tough Four justice. for backstop better a DOJ the make would plan justice criminal My needs. it resources the DOJ give must We love. is Love equality. of side the on stood he Governor, As seat your save to now Auditorium Sibley at us Join shortly! very beginning is event @MartinOMalley Our @berkeleyforum: RT @berkeleyf… at -@MartinOMalley bills!" of mountain a on college to went daughters my Bill, GI the on college to went dad "My @cbrewsayso: RT .@MartinOMalley Cal, to Welcome @Cheyenne___M: RT https://t.… #2016 @UCBerkeley talk @MartinOMalley see to can they place every from watching room in fit couldn't who Students @zytehamel: RT families. American New of millions for relief immediate secure to presidency the of power full the use will I helped. who volunteers the all to you Thank VA. in ballot the on be officially I'll signatures, 7,000 over With deportation. from Americans New million 9 least at safeguard to action executive extend immediately would admin O’Malley An more: Read contracts. procurement federal using Yes—by safety? gun advance to action executive take I Will . to call our continue to Jail Ave 4th @RealSheriffJoe’s of front in @PuenteAZ and me with Stand MT: 5pm at Today llam… un hacer para Ave 4th la de @RealSheriffJoe's de cárcel la a frente @PuenteAZ y conmigo Únanse MT: pm 5 las a Hoy @Latinos4OMalley: RT detention immigrant end to call @puenteaz @MartinOmalley : on LIVE @GabiDomenzain: RT plan: My long. too far for inaction legislative of fear and uncertainty the endured have Americans New day. every values American our subvert You children. women, jailing Stop me. on thoughts your abt damn a give Don't here: WATCH can You Center. ADAMS the at remarks give will Governor The ET, 12:00PM At project. Scout Eagle an as built was here pole flag American The mosque. Center ADAMS the at scouts Meeting Center: ADAMS the at Governor The LIVE: WATCH challenges. these overcome will we inshallah, Together, nation. one as stronger be always will We together. this in all are We he… my filled just has @MartinOMalley that THANKFUL heartbroken. been often I've days these youth an As @ziadtheactivist: RT @realDonaldTrump. of rhetoric hateful the against up stand and part our do must We people. generous &amp; compassionate a be to continue must We forward. us move to people a as goodness our upon call to courage the about is Leadership (1/2) refugees. for or president, our for test religious no means Constitution—that the uphold to is president the of responsibility 1st The (2/2) all. for liberty religious means that And law. the under protection equal means That mosque a visit to candidate 2016 first becomes Muslims, with stood literally .@MartinOMalley @nowthisnews: RT @realDonaldTrump from proposals anti-Muslim hateful, against speaking for Greatest, the aka @MuhammadAli, to Thanks https://… O'Malley": Martin with Conversation "A event, 3 Dec. our from album photo the out Check @ChicagoHarris: RT … here: today! team @MartinOMalley the Join FIELD: the FROM @omalleyforia: RT economy. energy clean a to transition our realize help to Corps Jobs Energy Clean new a create would I -O'M them. to world the hold will I POTUS, As change. climate fight to goals ambitious sets pact The . the on Congrats energy. clean to transition full need We action. with best—lead does it what do to needs the Now … political and social economic, the in fully more people, more including by stronger made are We . @Latinos4OMalley: RT ME! WITH START can You ideas. un-American backward, your oppose who people of registry your start you Trump—when Mr. row. a in years five unprecedented an #1 system school K-12 Maryland’s ranked Week Education O’Malley, Under work: They restrictions. age and periods, waiting licensing, gun mandatory like measures sense common pass Let’s tragedies. future prevent &amp; laws safety gun real enact must We today. heart my on deeply weighs at tragedy the father, a As year. each Americans 32,000 than more kill firearms that unacceptable is It help! your for Thanks Ohio. of state great the in ballot the on get to petition my signing .@Ted_Strickland here: plan full my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As Liberty. of Statue the is it fence wire barbed a not is nation our of symbol enduring The … centers detention in conditions abt hears @MartinOMalley @DesisRisingUp, Bangladeshi w meeting @thenyic: RT at O'Malley Martin : on LIVE @npnewamericans: RT trecho. mucho hay hecho al dicho Del it. did actually we but it, about talk can Anyone at Governor The compassion. our about is It justice. do to ability our about is It values. our about It’s security. about just not is home at Strength https://t.… @AAAJ_AAJC @thenyic dignity human basic about at caucus the addressing .@MartinOMalley @StevenOFA: RT @thenyic: RT now: campaign our Join ? the during hearing are you what like Don’t (1/2) . energy clean to transition our block and families American for prices energy raise will ban export oil crude the Lifting (2/2) -O'M infrastructure. fuel fossil dirty more build we if targets our meet to able be never will We soldiers." American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son "My helped! who supporters &amp; volunteers the all and Elkins Mayor to Thanks today. Ohio in ballot the on be to filed We service. public to me drawn always what’s purpose—that’s higher of politics the Yes, bowl super the won @Ravens the AND MD in equality marriage for up stand to me joined @brendon310 when to change. climate for state the prepare to and warming global reduce to Change Climate on Commission the created O’Malley law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As O’Malley: Martin to according America, facing problem main The @nytopinion: RT state. the in thousands for leave family expanding Act, Leave Parental Maryland the passed O’Malley Gov. … on debate the after morning the @jaketapper to talk will @MartinOMalley Candidate Presidential Democratic @CNNSotu: RT tonight! watching be will you that know us Let @SavetheChildren! to high-five big a gives @MartinOMalley Team @omalleyfornh: RT @SaintAnselm at through walk debate his doing @MartinOMalley PHOTO: @Lis_Smith: RT station viz @omalleyfornh the the by stops O'Malley Grace @MattSheaff: RT crowd the with outside still is son O'Malley's Martin @maryaliceparks: RT @MartinOMalley night! the up lighting @omalleyfornh Team @elraymer: RT ! to in heading before supporters his up pumping .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT pre- America across parties house addressing @MartinOMalley PHOTO: @Lis_Smith: RT now: campaign our Join go! we Here us. unite that freedoms and values the to true hold and together come must We here: plan my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As … principles." more need we polls, more not is issue this on need we "What control: gun on .@MartinOMalley @CBSEveningNews: RT refugees. Syrian more accept and part our do must We people. generous and compassionate a be to continue must We : at refugees Syrian on stance his reaffirms .@MartinOMalley @CBSNLive: RT @MartinOMalley — danger." present and clear the is that ISIL, defeating on focus to need we believe "I @voxdotcom: RT to the get to plan a forth have we why That's message. important - @TomSteyer Hey … health. &amp; leadership economics, on: based women for state best as @CAPAction by ranked was MD @MartinOMalley, Under @PPact: RT that: do can Glass-Steagall Only banking. commercial and speculative between firewall a build to need We free. debt college graduate to chance a student every give and future our in invest to need We now: campaign this Join … candidates: Republican criticizes @MartinOMalley statement, closing In @CBSNews: RT Manchester from live Union the of State CNN on @MartinOMalley now Happening @omalleyfornh: RT … on @CNN Watch . on next @MartinOMalley catch stage, the off Fresh @CNNgo: RT debate! NH the after tour barnstorming the off kicks .@MartinOMalley @AVusk: RT … here: up Sign today! campaign @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT Manchester in Hall Town Leadership New off kicks .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT vols!! our love We together. holidays the celebrating volunteers .@MartinOMalley @JoJo_Sabine: RT https://t… High Concord at demonstration a with everyone for works that economy an about talking .@MartinOMalley @MattSheaff: RT here: them Read Dream. American the Rebuild to goals progressive 15 out laid has O’Malley Gov. factors. risk actual at look doesn't and discriminatory still is ban year 1 A men. bisexual and gay on ban blood lift should .@US_FDA Hampshire! New in HQ our to @MartinOMalley Welcome economy. innovation talking @Dyn here day Candidate @kyork20: RT Windham in hall town off kicking @MartinOMalley -- over not Days @omalleyfornh: RT reform. justice criminal meaningful for fight the continue must We . than more do to need we that shows case 's votes Primary NH for pitch elevator (literal) a makes O'Malley Martin Watch: @nhpr: RT 2050. by grid electric clean 100% a to us move to plan a forward put to last, the not hopefully and candidate, only the I'm season holiday the during back giving of tradition great A @WOM_alley. with @CC_MD at volunteering morning the Spent immediately act need We epidemic. an is violence Gun @carmeloanthony. &amp; @CP3 @StephenCurry30, with agree I women. for pay unequal on down cracking Act, Restoration Rights Civil Ledbetter Lilly MD the signed O’Malley this. than nation better a are We wrong. are death fleeing refugees American Central up/deport round to raids for plans holiday .@DHSgov esto. que mejores Somos inmoral. son muerte la de huyen que centroamericanos refugiados contra fiestas estás en planea @DHSgov q redadas Las gangs. death fled who child refugee a was Jesus Remember: concoct. would @realDonaldTrump something like sounds Roundup Refugee Christmas A all! to Christmas Merry very A Iowa. in out team our from video Great service. national through country her or his serve to opportunity the have should American Every equality. of side the on stood he Governor, As https:… endorsement PAC STAR the for Club Social Moines Des the at house packed a to speaking is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT nationwide. response our track and problem, the monitor to addiction and overdose on dashboard national a establish will I President, As rehabilitation. achieve actually facilities “corrections” our make to strive must We Union. our in state 29th the became Iowa 1846 in day this On Iowa! Birthday Happy @omalleyforia: RT live! Governor the watch to ET 7:15 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune @MartinOMalley up Coming @Morning_Joe: RT now! @Morning_Joe to in Tune @DMRegister: death,” and genocide fleeing are who refugees on door our slamming never means work) "(Our us. divides than us unites that more lot a is There lives. save to laws safety gun comprehensive need We again. happen to tragedy another for wait and by sit just can’t We year? the of end the before campaign our join you Will people. a as values our or imperatives, security national our needs, economic our meet longer no laws immigration outdated Our dad his to program app) (doorknocking miniVAN the explains son .@MartinOMalley's @IAStartingLine: RT money. my for run a me gave Truly today. doors the on it killed .@MartinOMalley @WOM_alley: RT https:… disabilities on record @MartinOMalley's dad his about talks @WOM_alley ICYMI: @Respect_Ability: RT next: you’re sure Make 2015. in joined who supporter a as list our on be to left hours Just Year! New Happy morning. this Moines Des West in @MartinOMalley for ready room Full @ksosanie: RT https:… to support their for asking and goer caucus every meeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Street. Wall on buck honest an make to try O'Malley Gov. Watch veterans. and seniors children, our for table the on food put that SNAP like programs nutrition key to cuts restore should We … @MartinOMalley candidate presidential favorite my with calls some making here just I'm @momimbored: RT … here: online it Stream @MartinOMalley? with Iowa' in Week 'This Sunday's Miss @ThisWeekInIowa: RT change. climate stop to aggressively and immediately act to obligation moral a have We President as take I'd actions 7 are safety—here gun on action exec take to right is @POTUS act, to refusal GOP Given safety. gun advance to contracts procurement Use 1. immunity. dealer overturn—gun to work defending—and Stop 2. law. the break who abusers domestic prosecute and Disarm 3. ammunition. “cop-killer” Ban 4. sales. gun failed of enforcement law Alert 5. home. at guns of storage responsible the Require 6. dealers. licensed of audits and enforcement Strengthen 7. wills: Living 3. banks. big for requirements Capital 2. Glass-Steagall. modern A 1. Fail: To Big Too end to plan My year. each Americans 32,000 than more kill firearms that acceptable not It’s -O'M sales. gun all than more worth is life One lives. lose we that day a is control gun debating spend we day act—every to right is .@POTUS now: it Do caucus. to commit people when love Kiera and Cath Organizers Iowa stronger. us make will reforms safety gun @POTUS's weaker. us make will division &amp; fear disgraceful—his are @POTUS on attacks .@TedCruz's … Convention Student Primary Hampshire New the into streaming live @MartinOMalley now Happening @omalleyfornh: RT untouchable? you’re economy nation’s the wreck you if but taillight, broken a for over pulled get can you when to come country this has What leadership. innovative and governance good require will deserve veterans our care world-class the providing &amp; VA the at problems the Solving interests. national over profits corporate value shouldn't deals Trade . oppose I why of example An Outrageous. Dinner. Caucus West the in First Nevada the for ready Getting Dinner Battleground Nevada the address Governor the Watch place. generous more and compassionate, more connected, more a to moving are we that see will you and Americans young to Talk detour. bad very a into backslide surely will we or legacy Obama's President on build must We us. to up it’s Now Americans. New of arrival the by generation every in stronger made is America nations. of nation a are We strength. our is diversity Our ME! WITH START can you ideas, fascist your oppose who Americans of registry your launch you when @realDonaldTrump, Well now: campaign our Join us. on depends country our of future the like fight must we And election. this win must We Dream. American the Rebuild to goals 15 my ideas—read bold and solutions new needs country Our heal. cannot another one for love our and leadership new that politics nation's our about divided so nothing is There @MartinOMalley done." things getting and leadership "New @MichaelE_ECLV: RT headquarters by stop @POLIRams the have to Great @omalleyfornh: RT . the supporting in me Join … preguntas 10 en Conócelo presidencia? la a lanzó se qué por y @MartinOMalley es quién ¿Sabes @UniPolitica: RT make to plans he progress the on build would I how Read . to time it's - @POTUS applaud I … @taylorvdk42 @MartinOMalley win we how is This activists. , from cards caucus 8 = 8am @ChouBenjamin: RT plan: full my Read loopholes. dangerous close and universal checks background make Let’s IA Davenport, - Unplugged O'Malley : on LIVE from. hear to get voters candidates which dictate NBC let not must We voters. the to up It's executives. NBC to up not is election This choice informed an make to get should voters The stage. debate the from ppl fire to able be shouldn’t execs Media Apprentice. the isn’t This IA. Moines, Des in night other the Tour Leadership New The Unplugged: O’Malley the to start Great on LIVE today: and team @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT https://t.… cities" our in invest to plan a w/ race the in candidate only the "I'm forum: Pres. @ .@MartinOMalley @CCCAction: RT stage. the on leaders grassroots with @MartinOMalley Gov @CCCAction: RT O'M - answers! some are here – videos your loved I @ThisIsFusion, Hey @omalleyforia: RT Iowa en inmigrantes de deportaciones y redadas condenó .@MartinOMalley @UniPolitica: RT http… O'M - Liberty of Statue the is it fence, wire barbed the not is nation our of symbol enduring the @ThisIsFusion, Hey @omalleyforia: RT Maryland. in penalty death the abolished and consensus new a forged O’Malley Governor attempts, failed two After @NoLabelsOrg addressing O’Malley Gov. now: Happening billionaires. right-wing not , to want who in families class middle and teachers w/ sides Crucial President. as them strengthen &amp; protect will I and Gov. as unions employee public for rights bargaining collective expanded I tonight! in tune to sure Make Forum! Presidential Black &amp; Brown @ThisIsFusion the at stage on Governor the see to now in Tune https://t.… years: five within for plan @MartinOMalley's READ @omalleyforia: RT @ThisIsFus… time. divided this through come will we But become to easy It’s : to .@MartinOMalley @RockTheVote: RT now! campaign our Join world. the around ambassadors as serve can Americans more so Corps Peace our double to need We https… progress @BarackObama of off build will @MartinOMalley how about voters w/ Talking HQ. Manch at bank phone Pre-SOTU @omalleyfornh: RT him. of b/c today stronger are We growth. job positive of months straights 70 seen have we leadership, @POTUS' to Thanks FACT: years. 5 next the in it doing of goal a set I've college. debt-free of option the student *every* give must We it. expand must we Security, Social weaken shouldn't we right: is .@POTUS job. the finish to for calling I'm safer. and cleaner energy our made .@POTUS Muslims American scapegoat to voices divisive allow &amp; fear to in give can't religion—we world great a represent not does indeed American. every for right constitutional a vote to right the make Let's vote. to easier it make let's Yes, it. on build Let's service. his for thankful leadership, his for Blessed @POTUS. than challenges bigger inherited times modern in POTUS No vote. popular by this defend to first the became Maryland law—and into equality marriage signed O’Malley 2012, In leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We … @MartinOMalley legislation? gun tough passed and NRA the challenged Who @HolleSharon: RT debt. its renegotiate to Rico Puerto allow and Street Wall to up stand must We @NHLAgenda. w/ agree I deuda. su renegociar Rico Puerto a permitir y St. Wall a desafiar Debemos @NHLAgenda. con acuerdo de Estoy @Medium: on Rights of Bill Workers' Century 21st a proposing am I why Read Century: 21st the for Rights Of Bill Worker's American my in rights 11 the Read schedules. their over control more workers give to Act Work That Schedules the implement and pass, for, lobby will I President, As visit: progress @POTUS' on build to leadership new need better, do can we think you If . ultimate was accountable. pay in discriminate who employers holding Act, Fairness Paycheck the enact finally to fight will I (1/2) America. in happen not should This mad. spitting me makes it gov, &amp; mayor a as heart—and my breaks crisis water Flint the father, a As (2/2) justice. for time It's nothing. did officials Elected poison. black—to and poor Flint—many in children exposed decisions Reckless https://t… @HectorASalamanc Iowa in equity tuition for efforts our supports @MartinOMalley @DREAMIowa: RT . to get to step critical a is This lands. federal on leases coal halting is @POTUS news: Great court. in day their &amp; give should today. to fighting those all with stand I . y a audiencia una darle debe . marcha en sigan inmigración de ejecutivas acciones las que para luchando todos a uno Me … members. audience with time over earnings personal on exercise interactive an leads @MartinOMalley @CornellCollege: RT pre-K. universal in investing by America in child every to available education quality a make can We at event campaign @MartinOMalley the from photos posted just We @CornellCollege: RT can. we wherever and however hour, an $15 to wage minimum the raise to fight will I President, As most the help need that communities the in invest to need they flexibility the mayors give programs federal best The bombing. carpet beats diplomacy candidates: Republican to Memo others. and Rezaian Jason of release the on news Great year. given a in childcare affordable safe, on income their of 10% than more pay should family No place. generous more and compassionate, more connected, more a to moving are We leadership. new up lifting by country our for forward way the point to before: done you’ve what do to you challenge to here I’m imagine. to want even don’t we something into backslide surely will we legacy, @POTUS’ on build don’t we If us. to up it’s Now guns. more NOT is deaths gun to answer the And poverty. more isn’t poverty to answer The cancer. more isn’t cancer to answer The America. in sales gun the all than more worth is life American one @NRA: the for message a have I Amendment. Constitutional a Vote to Right the make to state by state work and United, Citizens overturn must we Party, Democratic the As years. 8 past the of successes the on build and together join Let’s Carolina. South you Thank tonight: debate the watching be will you that know us Let next. come should transit growth—and economic of wave every underpinned has development infrastructure history, our Throughout https… Party: Watch Debate a RSVP , tonight's for ready gets team @MartinOMalley the As @omalleyforia: RT watching: you’re know us Let Caucuses. Iowa the before debate Democratic last the of start the till left hour 1 Only now! in Tune cities American for agenda New 3. grid electric clean 100% 2. Americans all for wages Increase 1. legislation. safety gun comprehensive pass to need our on consistent been have I leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We succeed. to want we if other each help must We one. are We other. each past talking keep cannot We Street. Wall on fundraise O'Malley Governor Watch … change: climate is years in opportunity business new greatest the thinks @MartinOMalley Why @MSNBC: RT … Muslims." American "vilify to try that appeals" "fascist @realDonaldTrump's slams .@MartinOMalley @ABCPolitics: RT campaign: the join to time the is Now progress. American of era new the to us bring will beliefs shared Our … Jr. King, Luther Martin of memory in Carolina South in marches @MartinOMalley , night's last After @ABCPolitics: RT card: his Sign Birthday? 53rd Happy a O’Malley Governor wish help you Will -O'M LOL. me make always Jack, and William youngest, two My SC nights last in me supporting for @CountyExecBaker Year the of Official Public @GOVERNING and friend my to Thanks injustice. quiet for country our in place no is There King. Dr. of spirit and life the to true hold to need we ever than more Now 53! Happy a him Wish card. Birthday O’Malley’s Gov. Sign please? characters more 30 Just .@TheDailyShow couples. same-sex to benefits other and care health extended O’Malley 2010, In … since equality for out all gone has candidate a time 1st the for B/c @MartinOMalley? 4 vote voters will Why @ChouBenjamin: RT accident. today’s in involved staff and volunteers @RealBenCarson the for recovery healthy and speedy a for Praying @omalleyforia: RT jobs. new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our yrs, 35 Within terrible… a after tonight family Joplin the &amp; volunteers, staff, campaign @realbencarson’s with are prayers &amp; thoughts Our @omalleyforia: RT places." war-torn into back doorstep our on themselves find who kids refugee return not do "We Norte. Del Jornaleros Los &amp; @puenteaz you, with there be could I Wish Manos." de “Bandera practicing been I've .@Juanes, risks health w/known schools to students send not education, in invest should We schools. safe for up standing are who I … @omalleyfornh College England New at room packed a with day the starts kick .@MartinOMalley @elraymer: RT Nashua in Forum Presidency and Poverty Politics, important addressing .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT h… class. middle the for Dream American the restore to vision his offers @MartinOMalley Nashua, in forum antipoverty At @Telegraph_Chris: RT act. we time elections—it's our over taken have interests special big-money Today, O'Malley to Sanders from vote my switching I'm Why President. as rights those for fighting stop never will I Gov, as choose to right woman's a &amp; health women's for up stood always I @NRA! the to up stand &amp; to leadership New @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why VIDEO: @omalleyforia: RT screenings. STI &amp; cancer contraception, counseling, pregnancy free to access women low-income 35k gave Act Works Planning Family O’Malley’s https://t… -@MartinOMalley progress" Obama on build to do to work have new a of voice the up lifted "Iowans @ksosanie: RT expanding about talking @aarpia @MartinOMalley @FreemanJeremyIA: RT IA Coralville, in @BackpocketBrew at questions taking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … today! and team @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT … de Presidente para @MartinOMalley a endorsa Iowa de Latino' 'El Periódico HORA: ÚLTIMA DE NOTICIA @Latinos4OMalley: RT https://t… supper Soup Dems Story at supporter @MartinOMalley another up signs he as closer" "the @WOM_alley call We @JakeOeth: RT way Iowa the campaigned has @MartinOMalley town, to town and city to city From VIDEO: @omalleyforia: RT students: IA from memo a Read generation." our for want we leadership new the choose and up stand must Iowans "Young @MartinOMalley for @SimpsonCollege at gathering is house packed A @omalleyforia: RT governor. a and mayor A executive. an of that is experience My https… . at appearance second his marking today, Hall Great at speaking is .@MartinOMalley @SimpsonCollege: RT -@MartinOMalley uncles." our colleagues, our friends, our They're enemies. our aren't "Republicans @Brian_Williams2: RT waltz! Iowa here: it stream also can You O’Malley! Governor watch to CNN the to now in Tune leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We 2050. by grid electric powered energy renewable 100% a on run to, needs and can, America service. national through country their serve to opportunity the have should American Every now: campaign our Join corner: our in strong holding those Join https… today: ? CNN's at say to had @MartinOMalley what Like @omalleyforia: RT leader. new a for looking is America strong. Hold state: the across supporters O'Malley to message My (1/2) confinement. solitary limit to @POTUS by step important Big, (2/2) people. young all for confinement solitary end to fight and step next the take will I president As me: with Join . to picture my changed I apart. families rip to promise &amp; Marshalltown visit to Outrageous worst. its at mongering hate represent @RealSheriffJoe &amp; .@realDonaldTrump https:… @USPS @MartinOMalley for cards commit of round last the off drop to smiles all is .@JakeOeth @JosephOHern: RT Grid! Electric Clean 100% a about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why VIDEO: @omalleyforia: RT education? early high-quality a receive to chance the has child every ensure you will How question: EJ's States. United the in children to education deny not do We wrong. is tactics. self-deportation the with stop Florida, Iowa. caucus, your at @MartinOMalley for to up fired Grinnell @JacksonSump: RT http… @MartinOMalley meet to outside up lined goers &amp; capacity at Company Brewing Torrent @mattcorridoni: RT Illinois. of out news Great https… Grid: Electric Clean 100% a about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why @omalleyforia: RT Iowa. smile. a with ask you if better works it .@JohnKasich, equally. treated are island the in citizens fellow our sure make I'll President As . the in mention a got Rico Puerto see to Glad (1/2) ] pay. about transparent be to companies requiring for @POTUS, you, Thank (2/2) dream. American the rebuilding for goals top my of one -- gap pay the close to fight our in step big a is This O'M - safe. kids all keep must We fortunate. less far were Others refugees. child for cared &amp; protected we MD, In mejores! te ¡Que recovery. speedy a you Wishing inclusion. and Americans New for fighting always for @GabyPacheco1 Gracias … : about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why @omalleyforia: RT days. Two … Reform Comprehensive for plan a about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why @omalleyforia: RT safe. us keep to everything risked who those for outcome an such allow cannot we nation, a As homeless. are veterans 50,000 Today, office Moines Des his at goers caucus with meeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT poverty. not dignity, in retire can seniors our so Security “enhance”—Social or cut expand—not to need We . canvass GOTC afternoon the launches @MartinOMalley as Johnston in here yard front Full @ksosanie: RT @MartinOMalley. for . until hours 24 @ksosanie: RT . to day the is Today ! @MartinOMalley for Caucusing 7pm canvassing, 10am viz, 6am Day: Caucus @JoJo_Sabine: RT DAY! CAUCUS IT'S @omalleyforia: RT … in tonight to Row Smokey outside supporters of crowd a tells .@MartinOMalley @carleegriffeth: RT Waterloo. in morning the to start Great https… decision. that of proud more be not could @MartinOMalley for caucus to committed I ago months 8 Almost @thegr8brittan: RT @MartinOMalley! for caucus to excited so I'm @TheGraceRogers: RT @omalleyforia: RT @omalleyforia: RT Iowa! close. doors till minutes 15 caucus. a to speak to Drake at arrived @MartinOMalley as erupted crowd The @GrantMRodgers: RT it. from away running than rather reform immigration embrace to ready are who @JohnFetterman like leaders needs solutions. the are too so and real, is change Climate @ProjectDrawdown. at member board a as team his and @PaulHawken join to excited Very globally. footprint carbon our reduce to change climate to solutions existing &amp; impactful most the modeling &amp; measuring mapping, be We'll visit @ProjectDrawdown, about information more For times. difficult these during together come must must We Brussels. in violence senseless this of victims the for breaks heart My night. last Hilltop the on @GUPolitics of students incredible the and @SamSteinHP, @MoElleithee, with speaking Great #2016 in! Tune time. this conversations kilt any promise Can't tomorrow. w/@maddow visiting to forward looking true: are rumors The in! tune to sure make PM- 9:15 at @Maddow joining be Will transcripts Street Wall the release should @HillaryClinton today: it say I'll returns, tax @MittRomney's about 2012 in this Said this. reverse &amp; up stand to need Democrats nation. this in immunity unprecedented has lobby gun the that disgraceful simply It's way the along jobs 5M create 2050, by fuels fossil on reliance out phase can We years. 100 in opportunity biz best is change climate FACT: leg. a Break skills. selfie your saw I when material Presidential were you knew I .@OfficialJLD: deportations. senseless &amp; families up breaking Stop . &amp; support to SCOTUS urging Americans of w/millions stand I bill. $20 new the on honored nation our to contributions &amp; courage her see to Thrilled Maryland--hero. American--&amp; great a is Tubman Harriet tonight! him for out turn &amp; tomorrow him for Vote results. get will who progressive a is .@ChrisVanHollen vote! Go Story. Live @Snapchat today's in2 endorsement prez my snapped &amp; w/@WOM_alley polls the outside fun some Had tradition. progressive proud MD's on carry will They tonight. victories their on @BrownforMD &amp; @ChrisVanHollen friends my to Congratulations Democrats! this win go Let's history. modern in nominee party major fascist racist, most the @realDonaldTrump in anointed just GOP The challenges. urban solve can universities &amp; cities Together, Committee. Advisory of Chair &amp; Fellow Sr as @MetroLabNetwork join to excited I'm here: involvement my &amp; does @MetroLabNetwork that work important the about more read can You better do can We blow. hardest the dealt children &amp; Women Un-American. it's - unjust only not Policy Immigration US hearts. in hold we Dream American the hardly - children &amp; women and unjust, Unconscionable, Audit=cheating. C) them pay Doesn’t B) billionaire a Not A) taxes? release @realDonaldTrump won’t Why antiestadounidense es injusta, es solo no inmigración de política Nuestra coming! is Winter - Throne Iron for bid in Joffrey ego alter his like Not week last @JackGleeson_ Met better. deserves America returns. tax own his release to Afraid wuss. Total .@realDonaldTrump better. do can We Hogan. Larry of politics ugly the vs. Bay the on reporting science-based and Fact cities: her at look -- America in working is that lot a is There conscience. his followed who ages the for champion American An justice. them do who leaders rare the and - all sacrificed who those remember again us let today, of end the At President. next the as Clinton Secretary of election the to energies my committing am I country, the of future the For deeply. so care us of many so which about issues progressive important on focused campaign exciting an waging for Senator commend I Trump. Donald by presented democracy our to threat fascist the confront to together come must We #2016 leader. that is Hillary leader. true and tried a needs America @realDonaldTrump. of hands untested the for high too far are stakes The Words not Actions rifles. assault buy to extremists jihadi for places easiest of one is The Orlando. of people the to out go prayers My . @ChrisMurphyCT. you Thank Buy." No / fly "No . America. in weapons assault combat of sale the on ban re-instate wolves: lone ISIS arming Stop . remembrance. greatest the is Reform actions. our also but thoughts, our deserve the &amp; Orlando like Tragedies stand. injustice letting for Court Supreme on Shame measure. important every most by Americans are DACA &amp; DAPA by covered Those tomorrow. convention Dems Dakota South at speaking today, @HillaryforIA with Dialing trail! the on Back whatever. but Rock, Celtic actually it's .@jasonnobleDMR, mandolin! a sign to asked got even I musicians. and organizers, great has .@HillaryForIowa @TheFix Cc: Trump. Donald you, for coming is November forever. Stark, Team fight" tough a from down back not will @HillaryClinton - Trump Donald carnival-barker, fascist, that "Unlike Donald" Chicken him: for one got I’ve nicknames. little those out hand to likes he Trump, "Donald hurt." get people real and tough, get things when away walks Donald Chicken bullies, most "Like more. like I one which sure Not Cluck". "Donald Or, con. a for fallen just they've evil, aren't supporters Trump's Americans. as are we who world the of rest the and Trump show to Time morning. this @jaketapper w chatting to forward Look hurt. get people real and tough, get things when away walks @realDonaldTrump Chicken bullies, most Like #2016. in us unite will know Dems Dakota South down. them tear we walls- build doesn't America @realDonaldTrump. like stars TV reality racist openly up prop you when Just issue. every Not hope. me gives always generation next Our America! of Dems School High the to talking time great a Had try. I man. Thanks, unacceptable. is This children. and women of camps internment for-profit stop to need We htt… you!!!!! thank you thank . end to way a what campaign. the supporting proudly @MartinOMalley @SarahLGriffin: RT seriously. But welcome. still all They're children. immigrant imprison senselessly cannot we again, time and time clear it made have courts Our action. immediate our demand and of deaths The LA. &amp; MN in lives of loss tragic Awful, now. force, of use and integrity training, for standards national need We shootings. police stop to ways are There families. their and victims the on thoughts our focus and pray only can we more, know we Until Americans. all for night Heartbreaking week. this lost we lives beautiful the insult we now, act to fail we If shootings. police and violence gun stop CAN We clear: is much This Singer/Songwriter* Correction: not. He's tough. She's @HillaryClinton. for vote racist, faced orange this stand can't who humans decent all To … . to got We’ve action. need they silence, than more need of survivors and Victims @RepSwalwell: RT shoes! knocking door my bring Will wait. Can't France. of people the and you with solidarity in stand We Nice. of City the to out goes heart My Mike. you, with agree Totally https:/… country better a built never anger &amp; fear that them reminding vols Portsmouth up fires .@MartinOMalley @vicreyesep: RT https… -@MartinOMalley fight" important more no is there you, with fight this in be to honored "I'm @HillaryforNH: RT thing. this win gonna We're @realDonaldTrump. from country our protecting for you Thank … @MartinOMalley ourselves?" for it in just or together this in all we're believes who nation a still we "Are @HillaryforPA: RT sing! @MartinOMalley Governor hear to @padems at Snapchat on us Add @PADems: RT violence gun of disease the from citizens and officers our guard to enough doing not We're heart. my breaks today in tragedy The November. this proud all us make gonna You're me! having for Thanks @HillaryClinton. about that say never would man real A this” than “better are you &amp; together states our served we .@GovWalker- too! airport the use Governors Former @HillaryClinton. elect &amp; conscience our vote must we why for case the making &amp; week next Convention the at Democrats joining be to Honored "illegal." be can't people @realDonaldTrump: to Message economy. US the to do he'd what Imagine casino. a running money make even couldn't .@realDonaldTrump un-American. are policies health anti-women's Anti-gay, IN. for did @Mike_Pence what US for do to wants he says .@realDonaldTrump all. us on attack an are them on attacks @realDonaldTrump's co-workers. &amp; neighbors, family, friends, our are Muslims welcome." not is oppression or hatred violence, endorses who "Anyone POTUS: be won't you why is @realDonaldTrump This, stiffed he vendors those all pays Trump that is there as wall, @realDonaldTrump's 4 pays Mexico that chance much as about There’s here: involved get together, stronger are we that &amp; at saw we what than better are we that agree you If bound! Philly dad. cool a am I Try? Philadelphia. from @jorgeramosnews joining be to Happy morning! this speaker a as @MartinOMalley have to Glad @KyDems: RT … morning! this breakfast delegation our by stopping for @MartinOMalley Gov. to thanks huge A @DrAndyMc: RT nerd. history a always nerd, history a Once 7! at in Tune tonight. for speech my on touches final the Putting come. they as tough as is @HillaryClinton you tell to here am I And her. against competed I've @HillaryClinton, with worked I've college. to kid a sent or home family's a protected never Anger child. hungry a fed never anger But weapon. a into anger turns Trump Dream! American the in believe We nightmare. American Trump's with hell to say I poverty. in children their raise to have should hard works who family American no that believes, @HillaryClinton as believe, We Liberty! of Statue the is it wire barbed the not is States United the of symbol enduring the understands .@HillaryClinton House! White The hers: in woman tough a and place, his in bully racist a put to time It's … . contra fuertes frases algunas tuvo @hillary_esp, de rival ex .@MartinOMalley, @UniPolitica: RT time." our is it now but week, last moment their had fear and "Anger .@MartinOMalley: @ThisWeekABC: RT … —@MartinOMalley House!" White hers—the in woman tough a and place his in racist bully, a put to time "It’s @HillaryClinton: RT love. we America the is This … event. our at America of history the in immigration of importance the to speaks .@MartinOMalley @FWD_us: RT all We're speech. amazing @HillaryClinton's from back coming @PeteButtigieg, Mayor friend, my Saw … —@MartinOMalley love." of power the is that and world the in superpower one only is "There @Islam_Press: RT @MartinOMalley country." this in and world this in light of beacon a is community "Your @salawm: RT in. pitch to way great a Here's night. last City Ellicott beautiful in floods Heartbreaking cowardice. it's courage, isn't This @realDonaldTrump? supporting you are why Then @realDonaldTrump Cc: year. this qualities universal aren't those Sad babies. loves who person normal a am I True. @fusion via remember. I yeah, Hell election. 2016 the in latest the about talk to EST AM 8:30 at @Morning_Joe joining be I'll tomorrow: in Tune is. he person of kind what you shows assassination at hint @realDonaldTrump's November, this stake at was what wondered ever you If campaign. Trump the from explanation cowardly un-American, Disgusting, Baltimore. in inequality and violence reduce to ideas specific out laid I where June from op-ed my out Check accomplish. can we what to limit no is there revolution, political a build we if together, stand we If win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let together! bold, be us Let @PaulSasso: RT htt… @OBEYGIANT) by inspired @DustyVinyl_FA (art: us. of all by built is revolution political This @WorkingFamilies: RT strong! million 3 Pack Super a has @BernieSanders man My @corinew77: RT work. equal for pay equal get women so equity pay demand and sisters our with stand MUST We @GRForSanders: RT htt… back it take to US for the to people the from wealth of transfer a been there's decades for because @People4Bernie: RT enough. is enough saying: and up standing people of revolution—millions political a about is campaign This … country. this in provided is healthcare how in revolution a need We @NationalNurses: RT class. billionaire the and politicians establishment from democracy our back takes that revolution political a need We Revolution. a need we believe I because canvass to time 4th the for Iowa to up drove I @PlatinumBubble: RT revolution. political the to Welcome @IL9CD4Bernie: RT accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there together, come we When @feelthebernorg: RT : accomplish. cannot we nothing is there night, Monday on together stand we If Connect. Join media. social using supporters other with message our amplify Help #… it!!🇺🇸 for vote to need we But top. the at few a just not all, us for works that government a have should We @fosterthepeople: RT … come. to years for Let's Bernie's. are they as values, American of core true the is @LaborForBernie: RT https:… @BernieSanders - people" the FOR and people, the BY people, the OF campaign a is "This @Latinos4Bernie: RT win. interests big-money the divided, are we If win. will we together, stand we If vote! and out Get exciting! is this for canvass to out heading now Iowa in I'm @jhutch1992: RT ch… tomorrow Iowa, Today vote! to out Get powerful. and rich the just Not us. of All us. for worked government our time It's @jhutch1992: RT https:… . wage. minimum $15 healthcare, payer single for is he because for in caucusing I'm @TweetingYarnie: RT https:… enough. is enough saying, and up standing people of revolution-millions political a about is campaign This @MarkPontius: RT https:… process. Democratic the of part be and vote, speak, together, come we when about comes Change @Iowa4Bernie: RT politics. establishment same-old the for time the not is Now small. thinking for time the not is Now sisters: and Brothers htt… enough. is enough saying and up standing people of millions - revolution political a about is campaign This @SusanSarandon: RT win. we together, stand families working When win. we justice, for together stand all we When : revolution. political the to Welcome Love. Equality. Tolerance. Acceptance. @ProjectBernie16: RT alone. this do can't He one: day since it said has .@BernieSanders @MarkRuffalo: RT revolution. a building about NH Salem, in voters to talk to out heading volunteers of Teams https… few. a than rather us, of all for works that economy an create and together us bring that policies need We @JuliaRJones: RT Kennedy F. John - mankind.” to end an put will war or war, to end an put must "Mankind https:/… @berniesanders 2/5 on LA in concert benefit for released just tix Additional @ChiliPeppers: RT … rights. human basic but politics Not care. health free + education free wage, living a deserves EVERYONE Because @justinlong: RT half a and hour an in start to rally @BernieSanders's City, Iowa @EvgenyFeldman: RT that understands @BernieSanders years four every just not , everyday country this to important are We @georgelopez: RT families. their for living of standard minimal a provide to struggle and life of necessities basic the lack to continue families American htt… bldg same this in 900 of crowd the had Trump 70,000. of town a City, Iowa in event @BernieSanders for here are 3,700 @EvgenyFeldman: RT West Cornel with Iowa in rallies Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @thehill: RT https:/… Rapids Cedar in Bernie introduce to Ellison Keith West, Cornel Grijalva, Raul Garcia, Chuy Parade: on Progressives @Sam_Frizell: RT here: it find can you @JohnPodesta. response, our missed obviously you @cascamike: RT City. Iowa in @BernieSanders for Waiting @JohnBerman: RT @BernieSanders - system" justice our to back justice bring to working are "We @People4Bernie: RT Sanders Bernie of support in now in marching Thousands @jeffrae: RT others: and @jillsobule @fosterthepeople @vampireweekend with City Iowa from stream Live @BernieSanders for banking phone afternoon lovely a had @katarinasinfamy: RT process. political the in involved people get To turnout. voter increase substantially to is job Our City. Iowa in @BernieSanders awaiting crowd Big @KThomasDC: RT lives. destroying is it and absurd is That marijuana. using for arrested been have people of Millions us. with is momentum The months. eight in way long very a come has campaign Our https:/… @qctimes — @BernieSanders” for monday caucus should election general the in choice clear a for looking democrat “any @cascamike: RT https:… @JHutch1992 &amp; @VampireWeekend with Sanders Bernie palpable! is room the in energy The @ErikaAndiola: RT in! Tune @CNNSotu. CNN’s and @ThisWeekABC ABC’s on be I’ll next Up participate… people new if history political in upsets great the of one score to poised is he @jaketapper tells .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT shot" real a got "we've high, is turnout the If .@BernieSanders: @CNNPolitics: RT … in upsets political great the of one off pull to going "we're tomorrow, vote people young and working If .@BernieSanders: @ThisWeekABC: RT records. distorting around go not differences, those debate Let’s opinion. of differences have I and Clinton Sec. https:… 🎧pod: bank: phone @Iowa4Bernie Info: please , @goberniepod: RT low. extremely now is system political our in faith and decline in been has country this of class middle great the years 40 last the For truth. the telling are we because is campaign this in well doing are we reason The Sanders. Bernie Sen. for Monday caucus should election general the in choice clear a for looking Democrat Any January in million $20 jaw-dropping in brings campaign Sanders's Bernie @mateagold: RT money. of worship the on based be just cannot which culture a create to need We to going by help can you Iowa in not you're If . to Iowans asking is Anupama are We Let's @tlfiegen: RT http… meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to ready you Are @Latinos4Bernie: RT easy: It's caucus? to how know Don't caucus. the out getting Latin@s young and Dreamers PAC. super a have not does that side Democratic the on candidate only the am I that you tell to proud am I money. their want don’t I and America corporate represent not do I more. disagree Couldn't Washington.” in done get "can’t that idea an is right a as care health said just Mook Robby manager campaign Clinton now. starts revolution The here. starts revolution The night tomorrow caucuses before campaign Iowa his of rally last at @BernieSanders @SiCarswell: RT that. stop gonna we're Together, oligarchy. into sliding is nation our that much very worry I privilege. a not right, a be should care health that believe I clearly: and loudly it say me Let … says. he revolution," political a make to want you like "Sounds stage. on @BernieSanders greeted crowd Raucous @SiCarswell: RT bankruptcy. in out come not should you hospital, the to go you When hungry. go America in children while super-yachts, their of size the to as compete billionaires which in nation a accept not must We Americans. million 130 bottom the than wealth more has @Walmart) of Waltons (the family one that absurd is It https://t.… here: letter endorsement my Read President. for @BernieSanders endorse officially I Tonight @MMFlint: RT https… aquí completo Video Iowa. en @BernieSanders por campaña hace votar puede no que dreamer Este @UniPolitica: RT enough." is "Enough say, to together come we Today, class. billionaire the from back it took we time it's and country, our is This caucus. and out Come today. history of bit little a make let's Iowa, caucus. and out come Iowa, today. starts revolution The now. by saved been have would it bank a were environment the If @MarkPontius: RT cabinet. @BernieSanders' in No : @MoveOn: RT today. caucus to you wants he Hint: @JustinLong. from message a got We've everything. is @BernieSanders on @RBReich : @MoveOn: RT that. do will we Together, country. this in provided is care health how in revolution a need We … meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It’s :) ! to time is It @GatorsEite23: RT ht… Future. Our Is This President. our is Sanders Bernie where future a is There @ProjectBernie16: RT you. with starts It back. fight and up stand to prepared are who Americans of millions of movement a build to going We’re http… meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to Ready @SusanSarandon: RT … 2016 vez. la a voto un — político sistema corrupto este desmantelar podemos Juntos @DREAMerJ_D: RT up. bottom the from place takes always It down. top the from place takes never Change accomplish. can’t we nothing there's back, fight to prepared are and together, stand people When … people. American the of needs the about is campaign This Sanders. Bernie about not is campaign This clear. be Let's @jhutch1992: RT http… caucuses. today's for location precinct your find to 82623 to CAUCUS Text easy. this seriously It's @GRForSanders: RT https:/… snow! the through Onward wrong! all them prove to time It's up. show won't you say THEY because @People4Bernie: RT … meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It’s ? to ready you Are @Frances_Fisher: RT . repeal to committed be will who Court Supreme the to judges appoint only will Bernie @YoBenCohen: RT … need. you info the all get to Visit revolution?! a start and to ready You Iowa! @wilw: RT … @Bernlennials @People4Bernie Help! Can You Caucus, Can You @Women4Bernie: RT top. on few the just not us, of all for works that future a build can we Together Ac… Climate + Justice Jobs, choices. better people countless give would that choice a make to get you Today Iowa: of People @NaomiAKlein: RT . in and out Come family. and friends your Bring high. is turnout if tonight win We sport. spectator a not is Democracy sport. spectator a is Football https://t… state. your in victory unprecedented an with tonight history make us help Iowa, @feelthebernorg: RT … meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to ready you Are @stephencbishop: RT hotline: our Call ? to how on issues or Questions : in to location caucus your up Look campaign. people's a is This $ haul PAC super Sanders poverty. in live should week a hours 40 working country this in worker no that state to idea radical a not is It htt… 💪 banking! ☎️ &amp; 🚪🚪 on knocking are Others today! will @Latinos4Bernie these of Some @_Julio_Caesar: RT : in to Commit … history. American in disasters policy foreign worst the of one – War Iraq the against voted Bernie @YoBenCohen: RT https://… support! your show and there out Get in can you election general the by 18 you're If @Iowa4Bernie: RT Latina. comunidad la a escuchará hoy Iowa voz. tu es presencia tu Democracia la En come. to generations for future the determine will years 5 next the in inaction or Action @NaomiAKlein: RT America! transforming about is campaign this @jhutch1992: RT ht… location: your Find ! in choice your Voice Awesome! ? @Latinos4Bernie: RT … @BernieSanders. support to proud I'm why That's America. in change real achieve will we way only the is big Dreaming @AaronRegunberg: RT #… @BernieSanders TRUE! BE TO THIS BELIEVE I time. a at vote one — system political corrupt this dismantle can we Together, @elizadushku: RT wrong. them Prove win. can't we say They caucus. won't you say They care. don't you say They @… rights. human &amp; jobs, education, on strong who's candidate a Support decided. Nothing's ! day Exciting @kalpenn: RT @berniesanders : @MoveOn: RT people. American the of needs the about is campaign This Sanders. Bernie about not is campaign This clear. be Let's this: watch and location caucus local your to Head easy! It's tonight? to how know Don't … us with He's you! with we're Please, rallys. his at do you like to up Show IOWA!!! @ireneberns: RT you. with folks the bring And Sanders. Bernie for tonight Caucus change? real Want us underestimate Don't impossible. was said establishment political the what accomplished We asks. he it?" is time "what crowd. raucous a by hampshire new to welcomed .@BernieSanders @cascamike: RT possible. is anything together, stand we when along: all said have we what is week next again prove we'll what and night last proved we What election. an swing can shift volunteer every and matters contribution single every that is proved night last What half. a and hour an In @BernieSanders of anticipation in Keene downtown swarms Crowd NH! Onto @evanhalper: RT money. their want don't We America. corporate or Street Wall class, billionaire the of interests the represent not do We socio-econo… a create to platform his of because Sanders backs she stating crowd the to speaking is Dushku Eliza Actress @EricaMouraNEWS: RT live: Keene in rally our Watch together. coming people of millions with revolution political a requires moment This nation. this over all but Hampshire New in just not Iowa, in just not revolution political the began we night, Last speculation. Street Wall tax gonna We're it? for pay we will How free. tuition be should universities and colleges public 2016, year the In done. is politics how on change fundamental for fight and up stand to ready are people American The Hampshire: New Claremont, in voters addresses @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT "" Clinton: that?" accepting you Are want. they that City York New in debate "The Blitzer: TOMORROW! in Tune beyond. and Hampshire New on sights his sets .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT class. middle the help to time Street's Wall It's knees. its to economy this drove Street Wall of behavior illegal the and greed The … revolution." political the began we night, "Last Hampshire: New in .@BernieSanders @BostonGlobe: RT Latino. and African-American Disproportionately country. other any than jail in people more having of disgrace the end must We incarceration. and jails more not kids our for education and jobs provide is do to going are we What fracking. on ban a implement must we why is leak gas This hour! 8AM the in us joins .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT ideas radical such not are These be should universities and colleges public believe I .@BernieSanders: @Morning_Joe: RT https://t… yes. - is answer The @BernieSanders: night? tomorrow @HillaryClinton debate to going you Are asks: .@morningmika @Morning_Joe: RT corporations. for breaks tax in billions preserve to vote yet Security Social in cuts advocate Congress in some that immoral It's 2015. 10, Sept. @HillaryClinton, - guilty." plead I and moderate of kind being of accused get I know, "You proud. Very today! NY of State the in lawyer DREAMer first the becoming for Strategist, Outreach Latino our of one @DREAMerJ_D, to Congrats moderate. a is she announces she days Other yes. days, Some A. progressive? a is @HillaryClinton think you Do Q. … @BernieSanders EEUU los de baja clase la y trabajadora gente la por abogando años 30 de más lleva Sanders Bernie @Residente: RT progressive. a and moderate a be cannot you But progressive. a be can You moderate. a be can You Street. Wall from dollars of millions raise don't know I that progressives Most lot. whole a it about think to have didn't They Partnership. Trans-Pacific the to opposition in 1 day from firm are know I progressives Most complicated. that wasn’t it Honestly, one. day from pipeline Keystone the to opposed were know I that progressives Most States. United the of history the in blunders policy foreign worst the of One Iraq. in war the against were know I progressives Most country. this over all towns and cities manufacturing devastated have that policies trade disastrous our of continuation a is TPP The in speaks @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @NECN: RT progressives. among this about debate no is There course. Of other Some fair. but anything is TPP the And fair. be to got has trade But thing. good a is Trade now. and here apparent are change climate of impacts the – future the for problem a just isn’t change Climate nation. our facing issues the on discussion important an for now right the to in Tune plan. Medicare-for-all my under year a $5,807 save would $50,000 making family A to… proposal @BernieSanders' to resident NH says taxes," more pay gladly I'll premiums, insurance health on me saves it "If @ElizLanders: RT privilege. a not Americans, all for right a care health make would all for Medicare me. impacts it hungry go veterans or children When together. this in all are we that is spirituality My history. modern in bill affairs veterans comprehensive most the pass to Miller Rep. and McCain Sen. with worked Bernie now. right need we what That's about. been has movement major every what That's up. on bottom the from come always has Change issues. criminal not issues health are addiction and abuse Substance it. need they when need they help the get can people so country this in delivery health mental in revolution a need We https://t… donors. small from $ Q4 of % in ranked she where Here's her. supporting donors small the all about boasting Hillary @kenvogel: RT label 'progressive' over clash @HillaryClinton and .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT change. climate of face the in complacency into politicians bribed has planet our of history the in industry wealthiest The walk. the walking am I – finance campaign to comes it when talk the talking just not who’s guy the at looking You’re here: RSVP Hampshire. New Rochester, in today Rally Vote the Out Get a hosting be to Excited about. is America what not are ideas and comments racist Trump's Donald Nevada. in support 357's Union Local Workers Electrical of Brotherhood International have to honored and proud We’re Sanders Bernie endorse to Jealous Ben leader NAACP Former @WPJohnWagner: RT leave. medical and family paid of weeks 12 guaranteeing not of embarrassment international the end to have We here: office local your Find today! office Portsmouth our by stopped Jerry and Ben involved: Get yesterday! Springs Colorado in Bernstorm our at only room Standing economy. energy clean a to transition a in succeed to need they training and equipment, skills, the have workers that ensure to need We pretense. false under war to daughters and sons our send never will I but nation, this defend to hesitate never will I in stage the take to about @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @NECN: RT of. know we than behavior illegal more lot a with away gets Street Wall that is likelihood The jail. to big too be not will bankers Big fail. to big too be not will banks big administration my Under … Getty) (Pic: @BenJealous: Chairman NAACP former from endorsement major gets .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT : and tonight's Watch movement. our is this Remember: problem. the that's and Street Wall by rigged it's because Street Wall for works economy Our average. on year a $9,400 college to kids sending families save would free tuition universities and colleges public Making education. quality a for opportunity same the kids lower-income affords that plan only the is plan education Bernie’s @HillaryClinton - college.” free in believe don't "I privilege. a not right, a be should care health believe I again: it say me let so this saying for criticized been I've ICYMI … here: it read should you work. to back americans million 13 put to plan a has .@BernieSanders @cascamike: RT PAC. super a without stage on one only the am I – finance campaign to comes it when talk the talking just not I'm doesn’… she and plan a has he simple: is care health universal on sanders bernie and clinton secretary between difference the @cascamike: RT at campaign our to contributed have who donors million over have we that proud pretty am I it. about do can gov't the nothing is there and tomorrow double can they and prices drugs highest the far by pay we why ask Let's Greenspan. Alan on take Bernie watch and commercials the Skip money. their want don't We America. corporate or Street Wall class, billionaire the of interests the represent not do We money. company drug and St. Wall on dependent become you've when establishment the on take and progressive real a be to hard It's free. scot off get Street Wall on crooks the but arrested gets marijuana smokes who kid the that strange it find I @mateagold: RT dinero. su queremos no Nosotros corporaciones. de o St Wall de multimillonarios, los de intereses los representamos no Nosotros ones. right the make to harder It’s decisions. bad making for apologize to easy It’s farmacéuticas. de y St Wall de dinero del dependes cuando establecimiento al enfrentar y real progresista un ser difícil Es didn't. other The War. Iraq the on way right the voted us of one 2002 in back And judgment. is so but important, is Experience … contractors military to ties have Sanders opposing as cited Clinton experts" policy "foreign the Half @RaniaKhalek: RT war. to them send don't then veterans, our of care take to afford can't you If … is it Yes, return? to Veterans deported for called has who candidate only the is @BernieSanders that know you Did @ErikaAndiola: RT desmoraliz… está gente la cuando ganan republicanos votar a salen muchos cuando ganan demócratas "Los : @TelemundoNews: RT health. reproductive women’s protecting about questions More questions. email Fewer it. abolish must We Latin@s. and African-Americans impacts disproportionately penalty death The resign. should Snyder Gov. excuses. no are There problems. health other and damage brain with plagued be will Flint in Children get. they'd response what community suburban white a were Flint if wonders One fair. but anything is TPP the And fair. be to got has trade But thing. good a is Trade NAFTA. to opposition in line picket the on was I NAFTA, to opposition in only not was I says: @BernieSanders punishment, capital on question to response In @CBSNews: RT … comprehension." beyond is response dramatic a been not has there that idea "The - @BernieSanders @MichiganDems: RT Congress. US the control interests money big as long as families working for need we what accomplish to going aren't You immigrants. undocumented million eleven for citizenship to roadmap legislative fair and swift a for way the pave must We candidate. Republican any than better times 100 are we say to fair it's days, worst our On Fraud." is Street Wall of model business "The says Sanders Moment: Most-Tweeted @gov: RT https://… endorsement. the of significance the on in weigh @RobertGBeckel + @VanJones68 @BernieSanders, endorses Head Ex-NAACP @ThisHour: RT life. of walks all from Americans of millions engages which revolution political a launch must We Security Social On Clinton With Problem A Have Groups Progressive Why Post: Huffington https://t.… that: fix to needs She cuts. benefit for open door the leaves on position current Clinton's Hillary @SSWorks: RT AM this him with interview my from @BernieSanders supports @MarkRuffalo why See @AriRabinHavt: RT Tuesday's of ahead Sunday this on @jaketapper join will .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT time. sick paid and time vacation paid guarantee not does which earth on country major only the be cannot We halls. town cool has Hampshire New Exeter. in Sanders Bernie for house Full @ddale8: RT snowstorm. a despite outside standing crowd overflow an addressing .@BernieSanders @kartpath: RT now: Register democracy! in part Take tomorrow. is Mississippi's and today is deadline registration voter Oklahoma's incomes. taxable on cap the lifting by benefits Security Social expand to got have We why: Here's ticket. Democratic the win to want I @mrdannyglover: RT seniors. low-income to paid benefits minimum increase and cost-of-living-adjustments increase would Security Social on cap the Lifting today. Hampshire New in revolution political the Join participate. to ability voters’ increase to holiday federal a Day Election make to need We it." get don't just We insurance. health national fund to enough pay already taxpayers American "Surprisingly, Security. Social cut never will we that clearly and loudly saying in me join to Clinton Sec. urge I interests. special represent who those elect to want they as much as contribute can corporations and billionaires that unacceptable It's horrifying. is Flint in crisis health public the about revelation latest The nothing. did and crisis this about knew who accountable everyone hold must Department Justice the and immediately resign must Snyder Gov. h… children" nation's future the for fight to trust can we leader of type the "is @BernieSanders .@BenJealous: @NolanDMcCaskill: RT press… the told Jealous Ben leader NAACP former States," United the of President for @BernieSanders endorse to proud "I’m @DannyEFreeman: RT info: More 9am. at open Doors Fieldhouse! University Pierce Franklin the at morning tomorrow Rindge in be to Excited days. best their on Republicans the of any than better are we say to fair is it days, worst our On over. are charts the off prices drug raising of days your clear: and loud say we pharma big To @… says care," health to entitled are country great this in people our of all that believe I because criticized been have "I @rubycramer: RT donors. campaign wealthy few a just not us, of all to belongs government this Remember: endorsement my read Please Sanders. Bernie endorse to proud am I @BenJealous: RT officials. elected of loyalty the bought have and change climate on act to attempt every blocked have companies gas and coal for Executives stunn… am I it. said Bernie said. ever has one no something is That Wow. FRAUD"!! is Street Wall for model business "The @BetteMidler: RT Hampshire. New in speaks @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MarcNECN: RT Street. Wall on people of handful a of because savings life and homes jobs, their lost Americans of Millions now: vote to Register sport. spectator a not is Democracy today. is deadline registration voter Mississippi's prices. rising and fees hidden not internet, the to access affordable deserve Americans https:… a build to how know here activists Education . in rally the at today us Join @DREAMerJ_D: RT NH. Salem, in vote the out getting today force in out are Nurses https:… historia su Aquí @BernieSanders. a ido habría precinto su participar, podido hubiera Salamanca Héctor dreamer el Si @UniPolitica: RT win. they process political the in engaged become people of millions When said. Enough @BenJealous: RT familia. su a agua de vaso un darle querer por deportado ser de miedo con vivir debe Nadie Hampshire. New in revolution political our leading women the of few a just are These resort. first a not resort, last a be should action military Unilateral https://t… @BernieSanders @SC4Bernie in Garner Eric of daughter @es_snipes, with @BernieSanders for Campaigning @BenJealous: RT instead. @nbcsnl Watch enough. good Not ? the of think I did What Night! Saturday it's York New from Live @nbcsnl! on now right Enthusiasm" your "Bern to in Tune germs? with infested isn't line rope a think you What, @nbcsnl: RT it. Feeling @nbcsnl: RT Bernie. Larry, Larry. Bernie, @nbcsnl: RT win: us Help good!" pretty pretty, pretty, are Hampshire New in "Things @BernieSanders for avatar different a that’s Hey, @NYTnickc: RT Senator. avatar, Twitter Nice @BernieSanders @nbcsnl: RT all. after person same the not they're that proof Official @nbcsnl: RT https://t.… David! Larry course of and @the1975 @RedHourBen, @BernieSanders, to Thanks ages. the for one was show Tonight's @nbcsnl: RT … @HillaryClinton: of instead @BernieSanders supporting he's why on president NAACP Former @MSNBC: RT Bernie! for vote @NBCSNL, on David Larry of years more four least at want you If security. global and strength economic our maintain to change climate fighting in community international the lead to needs The @seacoastonline via penalty death the abolish help and Sanders Vote @rennycushing: RT encounters. police during force of use experience to likely as times four almost and arrested be to likely as twice are African-Americans Hampshire. New in 9 February on Bernie for Vote change? real Want Portsmouth: in rally a holding is @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @WMUR9: RT https… speech his know they excited, is Crowd campaign. to according event @BernieSanders at Portsmouth in here ppl 1200 @maryaliceparks: RT ! before days two just today, bern the feelin Portsmouth in crowd big big, A @kartpath: RT all. for opportunity and hope of nation a in live to turn everyone's it’s because but turn, my it’s because president for running not I’m … @BernieSanders of endorsement his discuss to @CNN on @FWhitfield joins he as SC from live @BenJealous Catch @AneesaSM: RT America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our injustas deportaciones las detendrá Sanders Grijalva: Raúl earth. on country major every virtually behind lags States United the values, family real supporting to comes it When non-solution. draconian other some or deportation self of alternatives Republican the not process, immigration rational a need We tonight. tomorrow vote to out come Please Hampshire. New in way long a come have We … Hampshire New Nashua, in rally Vote" The Out "Get a holds @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT morning? this idea radical a for ready everyone Is needs. country this that revolution political grassroots the create will we together, Standing … few. a just Not us. of ALL for works that future a building we're we When @GRForSanders: RT http… you. on counting are we Hampshire, New win. will we turnout, voter high With @BernieTampaBay: RT us. divide to them allow not nation, our facing issues real the address will we Together America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our @pikittakbo: RT orige… de lugar o raza por dividan nos que dejar no y país, nuestro a afectan que problemas los combatir y unirnos Debemos @IL9CD4Bernie: RT to time it's to now streets, the in marched We've @People4Bernie: RT together. people bring to is job Our divide. to not is job Our TOGETHER. stand to going are We Muslims. hate gonna not We’re Latinos. hate gonna not We’re up: us divide to want who those To https://… can! we together Because . the toward path our on us lead will @BerniesBerners: RT win. we together, stand we When https:… bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America @HidalgoSanders: RT http… work" equal for pay equal get women so equity pay demand &amp; sister our with stand must "We @Women4Bernie: RT Bernie: for vote to Commit . to chance a have you tomorrow Hampshire: New together. people bringing is about is campaign this What trabajo. mismo el por salario mismo El mujer. la a pago de igualdad exigir y hermanas nuestras a unirnos Debemos hogar.… su es que país el en permanecer merecen que estadounidenses chicos son: que lo como DREAMers los a ver que Tenemos @ErikaAndiola: RT … race. or gender by us divide to them allow not and issues, real the address to together Stand @Brotherlab: RT us. for fight who people the of care take to obligation an have We @williamecurley: RT America. transform Let's tomorrow. vote and out Come Hampshire: New @BernieSanders NH! Concord, in vols surprised who Look @WorkingFamilies: RT Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want https… 👉 meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It’s ? to Ready @Latinos4Bernie: RT divisiones. las rechazamos cuando ganamos Nosotros une. se pueblo el cuando ganamos Nosotros vote. and out come all: you urge I win. to going are we think I tomorrow, turnout high a is there If started. getting just We're @MoveOn: RT masivas. deportaciones las con acabar y unidas familias las a mantener Debemos @DREAMerJ_D: RT meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to ready you Are executives. Sachs Goldman and Brothers Koch the by around thrown money of amount any beat can we together, come people When @ProtegeteCO @marrtasilva salvado. hubieran lo que cuando desde banco, un fuera ambiente medio el Si @Dulce__Saenz: RT … 5:50 approx on be will I tonight! rally the at speak to &amp; @berniesanders w/ NH in b to happy I'm 💕 @emrata: RT ht… WIN" WILL WE if sure I'm ours. like threat a w dealt never has class Billionaire "The @TexasForBernie: RT https://… . we when economics establishment transform and politics establishment defeat only will We @Bernlennials: RT Falsehoods Clinton on Statement Campaign Sanders Latinos. of percent 60 nearly of wages the increase will which $15, to wage min. the increase must We @BernieSanders supporting for Zeroes Magnetic the @EdwardSharpe Thanks @mcbyrne: RT @emrata: RT on @BenJealous - record Clinton of critique tough makes CEO NAACP Fmr. @jaketapper: RT Street. Wall on model business the is Fraud @UofNH! at rally our for turnout Big Woah! families. our of lives the improve and family of bonds the strengthen values family Real before rally final his for stage the takes .@BernieSanders @anitakumar01: RT campaign. people's a is This support. your for 357 Local IBEW you Thank time. vacation paid or leave sick paid leave, family paid of form some workers its guarantee doesn’t that economy advanced only the are We https://t… política: revolución su y @BernieSanders a respaldan de Líderes @Laura_GomezRod: RT . the in cast votes First Notch. Dixville of people the of support unanimous the have to Honored you. Thank today. vote and out come to you urge I win. will we believe I today, high is turnout if Hampshire, New primary! Hampshire New the for vote to remember folks sure making early and bright up are volunteers Our home. stay to afford can’t they because just sick are they when work must McDonald’s like companies for workers low-wage that insane is It location? polling your up look to Need Hotline: our Call today? Primary Hampshire New the in voting issues or Questions today!" vote and out Go person. a not Jerry's, &amp; Ben person. a I'm And person. a I'm Jerry. I'm And, Ben. "I'm ! the in you for hard working are allies union and @CWAUnion Go! @BernieSanders, Go @CWAUnion: RT … HQ MI Flint, our to water of truckload a delivered just Florida from supporters .@BernieSanders @rbecker51: RT LIVE. table Topics Hot the hits @BernieSanders Senator when to ready Get TOMORROW: @TheView: RT State. Granite the in vote the out getting currently volunteers our of all to you Thank Concord! in place polling a at stop surprise a made @BernieSanders so Day, Primary Its @kartpath: RT image! this share and Use ? the in Bernie for Voting ! the in vote go and friends your Bring Hampshire. New on are country entire the of eyes the Today, class. billionaire the just not us, of all to belongs country this clearly: and loudly say you'll today, voting by Hampshire, New ht… NH. in today @BernieSanders for canvassing she's reasons the all down breaks Healey Patty RN @NationalNurses: RT wage. living a is wage minimum The now: from years eight imagine to you want I debt. crushing the without college graduating are Students child. and woman, man, every for right a as recognized is care Health change. climate fighting in world the leading is States United the and now from years eight Imagine jail. to powerful too banker no fail, to big too is that bank no is There elections. and candidates our buy to able longer no are billionaires so field playing the leveled We’ve . the in say and out Go Hampshire. New in tonight started all it say will they happens, that When hotline: our Call ? today's in voting with issues or questions any Have at location polling your Lookup time. have still You OK! That's vote? to where sure Not Hampshire! New you, Thank win. we together, stand we When matters. vote Every democracy. practice and line in stay Please, granted. for anything take can't we but win to going we’re says media The movement. your is This needs. nation our revolution political the building we're that is tonight confirmed we What win. Republicans demoralized, are people and low is turnout voter When win. Democrats high, is turnout voter When forget: Never … win. his after interview exclusive an for LIVE co-hosts our joins @BernieSanders TODAY: @TheView: RT change. real want people The country. this of establishment economic and political the to notice served we night Last in! Tune ABC. on @TheView on Bernie now: Happening at president for campaign our Join future. the to path new a for ready is America believe I changes. real demanding together standing families working of millions have we but money, of supply endless an have may Street Wall will. I than system justice criminal broken our reform and racism end to harder fight will one no that clear very be me let President, As NH night, Last - America." across now, right here, right fundraiser a hold to going “I’m around. pushed or down put wealth of lot a without people see to liked never and family, a to means money of lack what learned I kid a As college. to go can income, of regardless people, young qualified our of all where country a in live can We wage. minimum the raise to need We communities. depressed already of impoverishment increased the stop to steps bold take to need We … @CBSEveningNews. tonight's for up grew he where Brooklyn in @BernieSanders interviewed Just @ScottPelley: RT ht… has @ScottPelley means. modest of home a in immigrants, Jewish of son a Brooklyn, in up grew .@BernieSanders @CBSEveningNews: RT https… Carolina: South in ahead what’s about Brooklyn in @BernieSanders with talks .@ScottPelley @CBSEveningNews: RT $27. of average an at contributions individual million than more from comes support financial campaign’s our that fact the by moved am I Weaver Jeff - million." $7 try Let's goal. that crushed already you and today million $6 raising of goal a set "We … Carolina. South to Hampshire New from road the on is Theater Sullivan Ed the out Turns Tonight! @colbertlateshow: RT msnbc via day! every @BernieSanders supporting are us of more and more Why @BenJealous: RT movement. grassroots powerful a without country this of families working the facing crises the address effectively can alone president No wealthy. the only benefiting itself unto island an be not communities, our help should Banking win: us help Please campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling video a with official Sanders Bernie of endorsement his makes Belafonte Harry Entertainer @WPJohnWagner: RT outrageous. That's poverty. childhood in 1 Number and billionaires in 1 Number is States United the world, industrialized the In change. to going is That loans. student on profiteering of out government the get to going are We universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It America. in people wealthiest the just not us, of all represents that government a creating means It democracy. means Socialism Democratic extremism. that's body, own her control cannot she that woman a tell you When here: online stream or CNN or PBS on ET 9pm at Watch . PBS the to tonight in Tune bold. be to got have We it. do to going isn't just old same old, same The revolution. political a need We that. change to plan a has candidate one Only uninsured. are million 31 insurance, health no have Americans million 29 truth: The States. United the people: all to care health guarantee not does that earth on country major one is there is reality The site: this on it's Hint: proposals. their of all for pay to how exactly out laid has candidate one Only steps. small just not change, big need we know They doing. they're what exactly know country this in people Young tragedy. unspeakable an is That lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black 4 in 1 system. justice criminal our in reforms incremental, not radical, need We -… incarceration." not education, in invest to need we know we Latino, and Black mostly jail, in people more have we "When @ErikaAndiola: RT up. them dividing not together, families keeping reform: immigration of issue the on light guiding Bernie’s sender. to return marked package a like origin of country their to back shipped be minors that insisted @HillaryClinton that appalling is It back…" sent be should "They @HillaryClinton: on check Fact message." a “send to children use don’t We donors. large from come has money campaign @HillaryClinton's of percent 85 About $30 &lt; contribution Average ✅ donors 1M than More ✅ contributions ✅ campaign: people-powered A politicians. from interference without woman any of right a is abortion an have to decision The audit. an refused has that agency major one the is which Defense, of Department the at spending wasteful reduce to need We policy." foreign on him from advice take not will I and friend, my not is Kissinger Henry that say to proud am "I https:/… Kissinger. Henry State of Sec. former with closeness her for @HillaryClinton criticizes .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT … WATCH: @BernieSanders! endorses @harrybelafonte legend Musical @MoveOn: RT . el en deportación de redadas recientes las rechazó .@BernieSanders @UniPolitica: RT shadows. the in living continue cannot people undocumented million 11 because president for running am I workers. migrant vulnerable exploit can't America corporate sure make that reforms immigration need We … locales. policías las a especiales poderes otorga que migratorio programa el critica .@BernieSanders @UniNoticias: RT Comments Immigration Clinton’s on Statement Campaign Sanders same. the do to @HillaryClinton for time is It together. families keeps and children protects that plan immigration an forward put I've families. immigrant of thousands deporting and up rounding involving tactics inhumane employ to continue cannot We answer. the not are Raids message." a "send to way a as countries violent terribly to back children sending justifies opponent my that irresponsible It's collapse. Street Wall the of result a as wealth their of half lost community African-American The debt. student high outrageously of because car or home first their buy to afford can't graduates college of millions that unacceptable It's … is vision his importantly more and work Paul's that sure making for Minnesota of Democrats the thank to want "I Sanders: @dhmontgomery: RT " turnout. voter high a create to is job Our high. is turnout voter when win Democrats and "progressives Sanders: @dhmontgomery: RT economically. way long a come has country this Biden, President Vice and Obama President Under stage. world the on compete can we that so Americans all for affordable it make to need We poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical terribly a is it believe don’t I … @commondreams " for President Best Be Would Sanders Bernie Why Reasons Top "5 @PeaceAction: RT Think You Than Policy Foreign on Serious More &amp; Realist a Is Sanders Bernie How Korb/ Lawrence @KatrinaNation: RT … live! in tune @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton with tonight the at us join can't you If @coloradodems: RT prescriptions. their fill to afford cannot patients 5 of out 1 drugs; prescription for world the in price highest the pays The here: live in Tune can. you as shifts many as for Volunteer reality. a revolution political this make to now you need I it. is This … @BernieSanders of behalf on speaking @RepGrijalvaCS w/ Summit Vote Latino @SuVotoEsSuVoz @LucyFlores: RT campaign: our of endorsement powerful Garner's Erica Watch poverty. in living are children American African of percent 40 that unacceptable simply is It … canvass! they before team Charleston our up fire to SC in back is @es_snipes NOW: HAPPENING @AneesaSM: RT ‘88 in President for Jackson Jesse Endorses Sanders Flashback: MLK - struggle." continuous through comes but inevitability, of wheels the on in roll not does "Change passing. his mourn who court the on colleagues his and family Scalia's Justice with are prayers and thoughts My Sanders. Bernie of arrival the awaiting Denver downtown in crowd the of Part @WPJohnWagner: RT debt. in living without college to go can American every that ensure to fight must We right. a is education Higher security. economic without occur not does freedom True … disagrees loudly Crow say" they small' think to have 'We big. too boldly, too thinking for criticized been have "I @Chicago4Bernie: RT revolution. political a make to prepared are who people of group a like me to looks This htt… be can we know we nation a create gonna &amp;we're together stand gonna divided,we're be gonna not We're @People4Bernie: RT organize. we why That’s . tonight’s at heard be won't that phrase a - union a and $15 revolution. political a make to prepared is Colorado like me to looks This @berniesanders you meet to Nice @flobots: RT http… too sign to @HillaryClinton urge We . to pledge the signed has .@BernieSanders @greenpeaceusa: RT shift: a for up Sign help. your need I way. under is Nevada in campaign our for GOTV hungry. go America in children while super-yachts, their of size the to as compete billionaires which in nation a accept not must We ! the at @BernieSanders the Listening @coloradodems: RT speculation. Street Wall on tax a putting by it for pay to going we’re and free, universities and colleges public make will I President, As … supply water upgrade to need of example one just @freep: today’s in @BernieSanders and .@ErinBrockovich @cascamike: RT interview. @TheRevAl's watch to @MSNBC to in Tune people." all for States United the in healthcare need "We .@BernieSanders: @MSNBC: RT rolls. voting from names minority-community of purging the and laws discriminatory to end an put must We @BernieSanders Candidate Presidential Democratic @FoxNewsSunday: on up Coming @FoxNewsSunday: RT … . the about said Sanders what Here's @PoliticsNation. on @BernieSanders interviewed .@TheRevAl @MSNBC: RT it! miss Don't morning. this on be will @BernieSanders Senator @FaceTheNation: RT https://t… possible" as soon "as Scalia for replacement nominates Obama Pres. hopes .@BernieSanders @ThisWeekABC: RT … SECURITY NATIONAL OF MATTER A IS THIS - system water our save to call a in @BernieSanders joined I've @ErinBrockovich: RT unforgivable. and unsustainable That’s each. $30,000 of average an owed debt student with 2014 in graduated who People @jdickerson tells @BernieSanders Carolina," South in well quite do to going we're and us, with is momentum "The @FaceTheNation: RT line. bottom their protect to it about lied and did, else anyone before change climate on research the pioneered Exxon at Executives nationality. or religion by up divided be to ourselves allowing not people, one as together standing about is America @News3LV Bern. the feelin' Bonanza at people of Lots today. beat @BernieSanders the On @jgillanNews3LV: RT group. hate anti-immigration an of side opposite the on be to Proud … gym the across ripple Bern" the "Feel of Chants Vegas. in HS Bonanza at @BernieSanders for waits Crowd @AnneClaireCNN: RT Vegas Las in rally holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @shiftmsnbc: RT politics. establishment for stand not will we country: the to message strong a send we NV in Here worse. them makes it problems, solve doesn't That us. divide to attempted has nation this of history The https://t… a he's says mom His rally. Vegas Las @BernieSanders Lomas Carter Jack Oliver old month met Just @joshbhaskell: RT @News3LV @BernieSanders revolution. political a need we now believe I Flores: Lucy Says @jgillanNews3LV: RT interest. money big and Street Wall by funded are others people, the by funded is campaign Our @BernieSanders! 4 calls phone make and @MoveOn: RT fail. to big too are that institutions financial up break to need we that believe now I deregulation. opposed and Street Wall on took I Nevada! from Day Valentine's Happy service. at today welcome warm the for congregation your and Fowler Dr. you Thank it. afford can’t they because so do cannot Act Leave Medical and Family the under off time take can who workers ten of out eight Nearly now: right shift volunteer a for up Sign it. is This help. your need I but Nevada in here momentum the have We practice! revolting most this end must We loans. student of off profits in dollars of billions makes government federal the year, Every families. working help really which measures support they if yourself ask values,” “family about talking politician a hear you time Next today. reopen center health @PPRockyMountain Springs Colorado the see to glad am I Sanders Bernie for case pragmatic The @TheAtlantic: RT religion. their of because people attacking be cannot we but else, anything or immigration on view of point different a have can You campaign. a in point this at history in candidate any than contributions individual more received have we that overwhelmed am I campaign. people's a is This money. their want don't We class. billionaire the or Street Wall of interests the represent not do We proposals. his for pays @BernieSanders How @Frances_Fisher: RT America. for choice best the is campaign our why explains @HarryBelafonte entertainer and icon rights Civil … Michigan! to coming he's that notice hour 48 gives Bernie when like looks it what is This @kelcollison: RT change climate of denial continued their for Republicans into ripped .@BernieSanders @nowthisnews: RT @EMU_Swoop at live speaking is @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @detroitnews: RT win! us help and today register to Visit vote. to register to you for day last the is today Alabama, follow. leaders the lead, people the When big. think to is moment this in required is what believe I here: RSVP @MrDannyGlover! and @JustinBamberg @KillerMike, @ninaturner, with rally a for tomorrow Atlanta in me Join privilege. a not right, a be should care health again: it say me let so this saying for criticized been I've vote: to Register division. reject we and together come people When high. is turnout voter the when win Democrats … Latinos young by waged being largely is Nevada in nomination Democratic the for battle The @nytimes: RT … @bfp_news via Michigan. Eastern at crowd big draws @BernieSanders @Wej12: RT afternoon: tomorrow Charleston in hall town a for Gilliard Representative with me join please Carolina, South up. Pull University. Allen at Tuesday SC. Columbia, @JustinBamberg: RT earth. on country major other every in exist that ideas are these - all for care health leave, medical and family Paid Ricke. Bernie President 600 Local UAW Bernie: another by introduced being .@BernieSanders @ChadLivengood: RT Action. Peace of support the have to Proud morning. the in @JustinBamberg with Hall Town a with starting tomorrow Carolina South visiting be to Excited vote. a and hearing a have Let's justices. SCOTUS nominate to duty a has @POTUS clear: very is Constitution The States. United the of Constitution the read to Republicans for idea nice a be would It us: Join together. people of millions of tens bring will that revolution political a is together building are We @daveweigel w/ ‘firewall,’ Hampshire post-New Clinton’s threatens race tightening a Nevada, In @WPJohnWagner: RT suppression. voter no and – say equal an having citizen every with – vote one person, one is democracy American Michigan in rally massive a at Flint in families with meeting his describes .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT … voting! early today's for Courthouse County Crawford the outside early gathering are supporters .@BernieSanders @4029Pedro: RT shift: volunteer a for up Sign ready. be to need we’ll weeks, three next the in caucuses and primaries 14 With children. our poisoning are we America, of States United the in 2016, year the in that comprehension my beyond is It - @Morehouse stops Tour HBCU Bern the Feel @Morehouse: RT now! register to Visit primary. the in vote to register to chance last your is today Ohio, and Florida SC. Columbia, in hall town a at speaks Sanders Bernie WATCH @WLOS_13: RT stop campaign Michigan a during issues 20 on touches Sanders Bernie candidate ‘Single-issue’ @WPJohnWagner: RT … power. to truth speak to willingness his see I because @SenSanders endorsed I've @kenclarkforaz: RT info! for Visit locations. select in grace-period has also state the but today, is deadline registration Illinois' democracy. American undermining is which system finance campaign corrupt a today have We SC in @BernieSanders joins Erica daughter Garner's Eric @maryaliceparks: RT Gilliard Wendell Rep. Carolina South - color." of people targeting officers police our of enough is "Enough … ✊🏽🇺🇸✊🏽🔥🔥 SC. Charleston, in crowd the addressed @BernieSanders house. packed another Yet @JustinBamberg: RT money Street Wall and pacs super to no saying for Sanders Bernie applauding feet their on Crowd @DSladeNews: RT process. democratic the in involved get Americans ordinary of numbers large when about comes change Real here: caucus to commit Then Nevada! in Bernie for caucus to know to need you what Learn win. Republicans demoralized, are people and low is turnout voter When win. progressives and Democrats high, is turnout voter When earth. on country major any almost of poverty childhood of rate highest the - poverty in living are children our of percent 20 Over VIDEO: @BernieSanders welcomes @Morehouse How @Jeremy11alive: RT government. the not make, to doctor her and woman a for decision a is abortion about decision The : at @BernieSanders introduces @KillerMike LIVE: WATCH @11AliveNews: RT @Morehouse at @berniesanders now, stage on Bern: the Feel @Jeremy11alive: RT top. on few the just not and us, of all for works that future a build to campaign this in me join to you ask I citizenship. toward path a and reform immigration comprehensive for effort the lead will I … consensus of molder a but consensus for searcher a not is leader genuine a advice: King's Dr. heeded has Bernie @BenJealous: RT revolution. political the is That about. is campaign this what is That few. wealthy a just not us, of all to belongs government This accomplish. can't we nothing is there us, of all for work should government that vision the share we when together, stand we when believe I economy. global and the destroyed nearly behavior illegal their 2008, In power. extraordinary have Street Wall on people of handful A change. to has that reality a That’s today. America in reality the That’s color. of people disproportionately are jails American in People can: you as shifts bank phone many as for up Sign there. almost are we and working are shifts volunteer Your details. for Visit primary! OPEN an it's and today, is deadline registration voter Missouri's here: LIVE Watch . at Medicare and prices drug high Security, Social about soon speaking be I'll event. this having are we glad am I so discussion enough get don't seniors to pertaining issues often, Too … @BernieSanders - benefits." expand # of solvency the extend can you cap, the lift you "If @LCAgingOrgs: RT -@BernieSanders… half." in pills cutting are prescription for country other any than more much much pay "We @LCAgingOrgs: RT caucus. and family your with out come all: you urge I win. can we think I Saturday, on turnout high a is there If for message a have @ChiliPeppers Hot Red The country. this in poverty in living Latinos million 12 than more have we shamefully, Today, policy. immigration our of center the at compassion put to call Francis' Pope heed must We Greenville. in is he Here United. Citizens ending about talk to today offices SC our of three by stopped Cohen Ben caucus: go and Saturday this democracy in participate Nevada, … @BernieSanders NOW! avail. shirts @OBEYGIANT: RT Store: Bernie the in design new a has Fairey Shepard actvist and artist Acclaimed … @BernieSanders. a apoyar para llamadas haciendo está Ya Vegas. Las a @marcoregil Bienvenido @josefmtz: RT … por votar deberían inmigrantes los de favor en leyes las defienden y Unidos Estados en viven que latinoamericanos los Todos @Residente: RT simple. that win—it’s can we day, caucus on up show we If you. without it do can’t we but Nevada, in continues revolution political The @politico coders of army his w/ factory app @BernieSanders the Inside @dsamuelsohn: RT full. beds prison keep to order in detain, and jail arrest, to over-incentive an in result which profit, for prisons end to need We … Nevada en asienten muchos Street Wall de "fraude" del habla @BernieSanders Cuando @FernandoPeinado: RT morning. this organizations rights civil several of leaders with meeting DC in .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT … @SuzGamboa by Bernie' 'El supporting strongly : .@BernieSanders' @NBCLatino: RT … @BernieSanders for support his &amp; @NAACP the with time his on @BenJealous w/ @ChairChats New @scdp: RT @thenation via Gap. the Close to How Here’s Own. Its On Away Go Not Will Inequality … @rolandsmartin @MARCMORIAL all by statements opening after started just @BernieSanders w mtg Ldrs Rights Civil @LVBurke: RT heard. voice your make and there get to is plan your what know to want I Saturday, on caucus Nevada the With Street. Wall de bancos los a premiar no trabajadoras, familias las a defender siempre ser debe compromiso Nuestro underestimated. be shouldn't united, standing people, the that show we'll NV, across all you like folks by Powered plan. Medicare-for-All my under employee average the for costs care health in year a $9,400 over save would Businesses privilege. a not right, a as care health has citizen every where country a in live can We -@MrDannyGlover causes." just represent servants public demanding citizenry pro-active a essentially is "democracy 11am. at there be to plan easy: is one That 20? Feb Saturday, on there be to need you time what know you do Nevada, … Bernie! ¡Viva revolucionarios! los ¡Viva it. hear to get they when truth the sense can People @pussyrrriot: RT East. Middle the in war endless an to opposed vigorously am I Iraq. in war the against voted I Nevada Llamas, Rogelio - favor." el devolver que teniendo acabará poderosos los de dinero toma uno "Si ride: a need you if know us let Saturday? on Caucus the to getting are you how know you do Nevada, Gersh Mark via Scrutiny: Faces Electability Clinton Brother Big about fearful very am I surveillance: government on .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT gratitude." of debt a Reid Harry Senator owes country "This standard. that meet didn't bill 2007 The workers. migrant vulnerable exploit can't America corporate sure make to reform immigration need We poverty." in living are children African-American of percent 35 that unacceptable simply is "It same. the do to @HillaryClinton for time is It together. families keeps and children protects that plan immigration an forward put I've requirements. residency state meet they if tuition in-state for eligible DREAMers declare must We centers. detention and programs deportation inhumane dismantle must We color. of women for worse gets it how and women, for gap pay the out points rightfully .@BernieSanders @JohnFetterman: RT people. of millions displace which NAFTA and TPP the like agreements trade bad rewrite gotta have We people. working of hands the into money put … billionaires to breaks tax giving of Instead .@BernieSanders: @MSNBC: RT ago." years 50 was degree school high a what of equivalent the is degree college a respects, many in 2016, in "Today idea. radical a not It's deserve. they education the get to able be must income, family's their of regardless America, in child Every sentences' minimum mandatory with away 'Do : tonight's from WATCH @meetthepress: RT families. divide not unite, must We deported. be may dad or mom their tomorrow that scared Latin@s young many too to talked I've week work 40-hour ✅ Medicaid and Medicare ✅ Wage Minimum ✅ Security Social ✅ LBJ: and FDR from programs 'Socialist' Security. Social about talking am I socialism, democratic about talk I When .@BernieSanders: @AARPadvocates: RT times. wait are Those rationing. That’s underinsured. are million 31 insurance. health have don’t Americans million 29 admin. Clinton the by place in put immigrants returning against bars year ten and three the remove to promise @HillaryClinton's hear to Glad t… exactly That's CIR?? support you because people undocumented our for licenses oppose to ok It's @HillaryClinton? Really @ErikaAndiola: RT https:/… (1/3) care primary Here's right. He's myth. mostly are abroad times wait of stories scary says .@BernieSanders @CitizenCohn: RT Back' Sent Be 'Should Minors Unaccompanied Clinton: Hillary Flashback: 2014 HRC, - stay." to gets child the mean doesn't that border, the across gets child your because just message, clear a send to have "We charity. to given was payout $500 The worry. Don't like: looks speech @BernieSanders paid a what is This contract! care health union better a for fight their in 226 Culinary with stand to proud am I here: easily it Find is? location caucus your where know you do Nevada, shelter. and heat food, like necessities other and care health between choose to have longer no will people plan, care health my Under counterparts. white their than rates higher significantly at death to sentenced and policed incarcerated, are color of People … here: clicking by @BernieSanders 4 calls make &amp; soon! is @MoveOn: RT poverty. in lived citizens senior our of half nearly law, into signed was Security Social Before voters Nevada with meets @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America … from. come we where or race by us divide to them allow not and issues, real the address to together stand must we believe I @RI4Bernie: RT intolerancia. la y odio, al racismo, al NO decimos le juntos cuando país mejor un es Unidos Estados inhustisya. at poot, pagka-mapanlahi, sa lalaban magkakaisang tayo’y kung Amerika ang dakila Mas @pikittakbo: RT है। जाता बन राष्ट्र बेहतर एक अमेरिका हैं, करते इनकार से कट्टर्ता और नफरत जातिवाद, मिलकर साथ हम जब poster. my of translations these on campaign @BernieSanders with work to Honoured @Aled: RT الأعمى والتعصب والكراهية العنصرية الى لا ونقول معاً نقف نحن عندما وطن أحسن يصبح أمريكا movement. our is This alone. this do can’t He one: day since it said has Bernie @funkinatrix: RT Bernie: for caucus to commit Nevada, 当我们站在一起，反对种族歧视，仇恨，和偏执，美国将更伟大. America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our htt… democracy in engagement increasing and bringing about @'s about isn't election This @People4Bernie: RT Saturday. on Democracy your back Take counts. vote every Nevada, @jaytheking: RT nada. nosotros para todo, todos Para @josefmtz: RT enough. is enough saying, and up standing people of millions — revolution political a about is campaign This accomplish. can we what to limit no is there revolution, political a build we if together, stand we If hơn. kết đoàn và mạnh hùng nên trở sẽ Mỹ tộc, chủng thị kì và hằn thù sự với không nói ta Khi hearing. we're rhetoric anti-Muslim the condemn and together stand we which in nation a build and bigotry end to time It's hotline: our Call issues? or Questions revolution. political the to Welcome here: location caucus your up Look Nevada, you? about How platform. justice racial best the with candidate a want Nicholas @Bernlennials: RT http… canvass. to office Vegas Las East Sanders' on converged parents, undocumented their by brought were who Dreamers 200 @ErikaAndiola: RT 82623! to CAUCUS texting by location caucus your Find Nevada! win us Help Nevada? in caucus to eligible you're if Wondering 11AM. at tomorrow Caucus alone. this do can't Bernie Nevada, ht… bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America @BSandersBrigade: RT accomplish. can't we nothing there's back, fight to prepared are and together, stand people When Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want immigrants." to friends exactly weren’t office, in were they when Clintons, "The ICYMI: @WSJ via Over Isn't Crisis Housing The Ad: New Sanders's Bernie of Message @ErikaAndiola: RT worker. American the for disaster a been have They NAFTA. like agreements trade bad rewrite must We society. our to threat serious a pose not do who Americans young non-violent of incarceration over the end must We week. a hours 40 than more work women working of 66% and men working of 85% Today, @BernieSanders of wife Sanders, Jane us Joining @Morning_Joe: RT benefits. full with there right was Security Social but plans, pension benefit ending by dreams retirement of millions cut Corporations delay. without and time on – American eligible every to owed nickel every paid has Security Social bad, and times good Through https://… Politics rally @berniesanders' at here speeches up wrapped just Swank Heidi and @LucyFlores Supporters @PatrickWalker: RT … C-SPAN on shortly LIVE – NV Henderson, in Rally Campaign .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT https:/… Sanders Bernie is Side South on protest 1963 at arrested man of photo confirms Campaign @chicagotribune: RT Nevada: in caucus tomorrow's before rally Henderson the at speaking Bernie to live in Tune tomorrow! history of bit little a make to going are we that feeling a have I Nevada, change! real want They people. the of pain the to listening are we because momentum gaining is campaign This … $15 to to wants he says @BernieSanders When @NicoleCharky: RT forward! revolution political the move us help please Nevada, deserve. they respect the receives and earned have they benefits and care health the receives veteran every where country a in live can We making. the in history Join win. can we turnout, voter large a is there If 11am. by location caucus your to Get caucus. we today Nevada: … how: Here's today! caucus to need You Nevadans🚸 Young 📚 schools Our 🌎 environment The about: care you If @nvdems: RT hotline: our Call today? caucusing about issues or Questions caucus. Go California. to Maine from Washington, to Street Wall from echo will that message a send can we Together, here: location caucus your up Look 11am. at today caucus go Nevada, US. about is campaign This me. about isn’t campaign This now. over head and location caucus your find to 82623 to CAUCUS Text Bernie. for caucus and out head to time enough just got you've Nevada, now. location caucus your to Get caucus. the to way their on are supporters Bernie fellow of thousands of Tens 702-778-4336. Call issues? Any vote. to register to or caucus to ID need don't You LEAVE! NOT DO caucus, to line in you're If this! do let's Nevada, time It's @SusanSarandon: RT Bernie! for caucus to ready School High Wester at folks excited of lots and turnout Amazing @RaniaBatrice: RT heard! voice your make and line in Stay ? for line In @nvdems: RT 702-778-4336 al Llama pregunta? ¿Cualquier registrarte. para ID necesitas No VAYAS! TE ¡NO caucus, del línea la en estás Si https://… me" like people about "cares @BernieSanders think in voters of 79% polls: Ent. @CBSNLive: RT forward. go we as us give will support their that boost the and us given have they support the for Nevada of people the thank to want I election. close very a in up ended we and behind points 25 were we ago weeks Five ran. we campaign the of proud very am I Tuesday. Super into head we as back our at wind the have We process. political the into people young and working many brought we that Proud C-SPAN on LIVE - Speech Night .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT https… process" political the into people young and people working bringing are "We .@BernieSanders @CNNPolitics: RT https://t… Hispanics: among @HillaryClinton leading currently @BernieSanders IN: JUST @CBSPolitics: RT myth. a is voters Latino with firewall Clinton's Hillary is today learned we What @ACarmona8: RT hostility. and division promote to issues these use not America, in immigration like problems solve to need We Clinton on says @BernieSanders PAC" Super her of because outspending be will "She @meetthepress: RT decide. states let and substances controlled of list federal the off marijuana take to time is It millions. harmed behavior illegal whose execs Street Wall to happens Nothing crimes. minor other or marijuana possessing for jailed are Kids big dream should they room tells @BernieSanders introduces Jealous Ben @maryaliceparks: RT . our joining for @BernieSanders to welcome, warm and you, thank big A @DemsAbroad: RT . reform to proposal Harbor Safe Country Safe the supports he that states Sanders Senator @DemsAbroad: RT communities. our of diversity the reflect that forces police need We again. economy our crash can’t they so Street Wall in rein will I president, elected If straightforward: is today you to message My today. welcome warm the for congregation your and Jackson Charles Rev. you Thank … Carolina South in supper church Sunday a to visit surprise a makes .@BernieSanders @CNNPolitics: RT … C-SPAN on ET 5pm AT LIVE - SC Greenville, in Rally Campaign .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT servants" indentured college of out come "They .@BenJealous @mcbyrne: RT … history." American make to opportunity the has Carolina South Saturday, "On Greenville: in .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT https:/… moment!" this in here right history our make "we @BernieSanders: for crowd up warms Glover Danny SC, Greenville In @nancycordes: RT about. be to supposed is country this what not is bigotry and sexism, Racism, margins. the at tinkering by that get gonna not we're And change. real need We enough. not is quo status the reality: the Here's us. Not Street. Wall and billionaires from checks with campaigns their funding are opponents Our him. at looking you’re Trump, Donald defeat to going who’s candidate a want you If us: Join strong. going calls kept volunteers Greenville, downtown in rallied Bernie While contributors. campaign their than planet our of future the and grandkids their about more worry should Republicans @realDonaldTrump. beating than pleasure greater me give would that nothing be would There @mrdannyglover with breakfast prayer SC Sumter the at stop a makes @BernieSanders NOW: HAPPENING @AneesaSM: RT - live Watch Glover. Danny actor with SC in campaigning .@BernieSanders @maryaliceparks: RT movement! the build Lets builder! movement a is @BernieSanders @BenJealous: RT accomplish. can't we nothing is there together, stand we when that understand We together. people bringing about is campaign This Street. Wall to speeches paid her releasing into" "look would she said @HillaryClinton since minutes 32 and hours 16 days, 17 been It's … positions/language. his of more and more adopted has @HillaryClinton delighted he's says .@BernieSanders @alisonkingNECN: RT Boston in conference press holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @CBSNLive: RT Nevada. in vote Latino the won Sanders @WCVI: from analysis New @BernieSanders for voters SC up firing says, Glover Danny door, every on knock could I wish I @lesleyclark: RT all. for opportunity and hope of nation a in live to turn everyone's it’s because but turn, my it’s because president for running not I’m more. or 7,000 About @BernieSanders for Amherst @UMass at crowd Big @alisonkingNECN: RT us." in believes he because @BernieSanders in believe "I | Home Our @SusanSarandon: RT Amherst UMass at rally holds Sanders Bernie live: Watch @BostonGlobe: RT live: Watch Amherst. UMass at says Sanders power," enormous has room this in person "Every @BostonGlobe: RT him." support people more the consistency, his and for stands he what Bernie, know to get people more "The … Nada!" corporations. from money no takes "Bernie ad. radio Carolina South in @BernieSanders endorses Lee Spike @Sam_Frizell: RT him. at looking you’re Trump, Donald defeat to going is who candidate a want you If doctor. a to go to money the finding about worry to have shouldn't you sick, you're When doors. closed behind Pharma Big and Street Wall told she what know to deserve Voters @HillaryClinton - it." into look certainly will "I that. for him thank I and justice economic racial for fight the in status celebrity his used has .@MrDannyGlover Virginia Norfolk, in rally campaign holds @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @shiftmsnbc: RT country. this in right a be would free tuition university public a to going that means socialism Democratic @SpikeLee - flopping." no flipping, No thing. right the do will he House, White the to gets Bernie "When percent sanders: sen. percent clinton: secretary fundraising: dollar small from raised @cascamike: RT equality. of promise the realizes orientation, sexual their matter no person, every where nation a in live can We today. education on conversation a for Carolina South Columbia, in Sanders Jane Join us. underestimate Don't impossible. was said establishment political the what accomplishing are We income. of regardless Americans, all for care provide would that plan only the is plan care health Our up. bottom the from comes always It down. on top the from comes never change Real principle: simple very a upon based is campaign This https://t… living. healthy for essential are and beings human as development our to essential are arts The @janeosanders: RT CNNgo: Watch . in first up is .@BernieSanders @cnnbrk: RT reform. police be to has piece first the and century 21st the of issue rights civil the be must reform justice Criminal skin." my of color the with do to has it Maybe certificate. birth my for asked has one No Poland. from is father "My percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost own percent one of one-tenth top the that absurd is It share. fair their pay wealthy the and corporations large demand gonna are we veterans, and children seniors, for programs cutting of Instead @BernieSanders — country.” this in change real make can we up stand us of millions when together and me for vote say " @cascamike: RT Street. Wall Not to. indebted I'm who That's piece. a bucks 27 them, of 1,000,000 over donors, campaign small on relying is campaign This much. very very, doing enjoy would I something is industry tobacco the on Taking él? por luchar para listo ¿Estás tener? quieres país de tipo ¿Qué … @BernieSanders. says economics," establishment politics, establishment for view my in late too is "It @postandcourier: RT https://… truth." the that's but happen, things crazy campaign a of midst the "In Clinton: respects he says .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT that? than better we Aren’t speeches. Street Wall her of disclosure for standard the set should Republicans believes .@HillaryClinton believe. Democrats what is This @TheDemocrats: RT @BernieSanders a apoyo en Colorado de residentes y Legisladores @ErikaAndiola: RT : will he believes @BernieSanders, endorses .@SpikeLee @VibeMagazine: RT It… primary. the for town of out be I'll since Illinois in absentee vote to how find to used Just @schneidmaster: RT https:/… movement" rights civil the in began life political "His manager: campaign .@BernieSanders' @CNNPolitics: RT color. of people its of value the affirms that nation a into America transform that policies pursue must We https://t… all." at much terribly about talked poverty word the hear don't I senator. States United a "I'm .@BernieSanders: @evanmcmurry: RT people. vulnerable most the treats it how by but produces it billionaires of number the by not country a judge We poverty. of out bite huge a take you right, a as care health guarantee we When earth. on country developed major any of rate poverty childhood highest the has States United the shamefully, Today, that. change gonna we're and wrong is This Carolina. South in here right is country the in rates poverty childhood highest the of One nation. united a As nation. one As together. standing By today? America in poverty childhood end will we How behind. million 29 leave won't I ALL. for right a be must care health that clear it make and industry insurance and drug the on take will We change. transformative is need we what when change incremental accept to have we believe to conditioned been We've @janeosanders: RT reminder. a Just tonight. 5PM by ​online register to Visit primary! the in vote to register to chance last your is today Vermont, tax. fair reasonable a paying without families their to wealth their of all virtually leave can families billionaire that unacceptable It's here: live Watch Missourians. to important issues of range wide a discuss to Missouri City, Kansas in be to Excited people. more and more up locking and jails more and more building than rather training, job and jobs in invest to need We accomplish. can't we nothing is there revolution, political a build we if together, stand we If class. middle the about worry to contributors campaign wealthy of interests the representing busy too is Washington https://t.… Chicago of Univ. the from live @BernieSanders w/ tomorrow returns The back! It's @hardball: RT change. climate combat to responsibility moral a have We @LCVoters. from score perfect a received have to proud I'm not. does us of One Street. Wall from dollars of millions many receives which pac super a has candidate One pac. super a have not do I agree. not does candidate Another up. broken be to need and powerful and big too are Street Wall on banks of handful a that believe I Oklahoma. Tulsa, in Center Guthrie Woody the discovers Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT Tulsa: in Sanders of ahead speaking now @ConnieJ4OK Senator State Former @OKCFOX: RT grandchildren. our for habitable and healthy is that Earth Mother a on passing than important more is Nothing information. location polling your find to 82623 to SC text @mcbyrne: RT life. working-class of reality the to spoke songs His history. in musicians greatest the of one is Guthrie Woody https://t.… is resonating is message Bernie's | latin@s w/ talking &amp; Dallas in doors knocking day Great @DREAMerJ_D: RT @detroitnews via on forum community for today Flint to headed .@BernieSanders @ChadLivengood: RT accountable. held be must officer police that - official public other any like - law the breaks officer police a When … trenches the in been who've People list. good @BernieSanders for environmentalists of list new The @billmckibben: RT … here: online ET 10:30am at LIVE – Ohio Berea, in campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT https://t.… now. right rock to ready sounds County Cuyahoga in crowd @BernieSanders This 15. March until vote doesn't Ohio @MegKinnardAP: RT changed. fundamentally be to needs it and democracy undermining is it corrupt, is the in system finance campaign the clear: be us Let country. this in people vulnerable most and weakest the of some after go to was view, my in did, reform welfare What https:… infrastructure crisis, water on forum @BernieSanders for setting intimate more rallies, large several After @MegKinnardAP: RT here: live Watch forum. community a in participating now right Michigan, Flint, in is Bernie https://t.… tested. being it's how use, water about concerns @BernieSanders to explaining residents many the of One @MegKinnardAP: RT Act. Care Affordable the through insurance health get to able be should families, their and workers undocumented including immigrants, All stress. enormous under and underpaid, overworked, They're wages. lower for hours longer working are Americans of Millions Orangeburg. in now right happening Bank Phone Action of Day National our at @KillerMike activist and rapper Join it." into look will "I said she since 20 Day transcripts. Street Wall her release should @HillaryClinton agrees: NYT pro-Clinton? seem pundits the of most how notice Ever lands." our on built being pipelines these oppose that territories Indian with stand will who politicians need "We children. our poisoning are we America, of States United the in 2016, year the in that comprehension my beyond is It … Sanders Bernie on Stipe -Michael sense." makes who mind, his speaks who candidate a have to refreshing "It's @RollingStone: RT priorities? our are Where America? in on going is What cuts. with threatened being is university great This Chicago in speech raucous during Clinton on unloads Sanders @WPJohnWagner: RT close. to benefits decent and wages decent earning were workers where America in factories 60,000 caused policies trade bad 2001, Since movement. union trade American the strengthen we unless grow not will class middle the that believe I record. voting pro-union 98% a have I … action specific demanding he's talking just not he's - @BernieSanders respect I why is This @ErinBrockovich: RT us! Join University. Claflin at be we'll Today, voters. bank phone to SC in students joined @KillerMike night, Last jobs. decent-paying million 13 create could infrastructure in investment trillion $1 A Hibbing. in soon speaking @SenSanders LIVE: WATCH @kare11: RT accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together, stand people the When Sanders and Clinton between difference the explains Wal-Mart how Here's @business: RT president: for campaign our supporting is he why on Glover Danny activist and Actor voters. to talk to Columbia, in Shop Barber Stroy's visiting Turner Nina and Mike Killer Univision - injustas deportaciones las detendrá Sanders Grijalva: Raúl ICYMI: @ErikaAndiola: RT at president for campaign our Join future. the to path new a for ready is America believe I here: yours Change Bernie! for vote to Democrat to affiliation party your change to deadline the is Today — Delaware abroad. and the in workers protecting trade fair have should we trade, free unfettered having of instead idea: radical a have I minutes 6 hours 19 days 21 it." into look certainly will "I Carolina! South in rally Orangeburg our at introduction @NinaTurner's catch to now in Tune polluters. before people putting proposes and fracking, on takes ad @BernieSanders New @kartpath: RT @Claflin… students to equality voting talks King"-@BernieSanders Luther Martin w/Dr. Washington on March the for there was "I @ReneeWPTZ: RT PACs. super through elections buying billionaires not -- vote one person, one means democracy people, American the of majority vast the To here: location polling your up Look tomorrow? vote to ready you are Carolina, South them! firing not educators, hiring be should We America? in on going is What leave. vacation paid and time sick paid leave, family paid to access has country this in worker every that ensure to time It's … the not many, the for America reclaim to movement a leading He's States. United the of president for Sanders Bernie endorse I @RBReich: RT for up it wraps @BernieSanders - all." you Thank revolution. political the to "Welcome @MegKinnardAP: RT benefits. immigration for fees application reduce to resources appropriate to Congress for time past well is It http… Colorado! in max the to banking phone volunteers great w/ along supporters celebrity Amazing @_Julio_Caesar: RT 1988: in President for Jackson Jessie for voted he says .@BernieSanders @BET: RT 7pm. to 7am from open are Polls revolution. political our for vote to turn your It’s — Carolina South Bernie? for vote to location polling your up look to Need — Carolina South today. vote and out come to you urge I months. nine last the in here way long a come have we Carolina: South @statesman @circuitamericas. stage the to @BernieSanders welcomes crowd @laura_skelding: RT @cota at soon speak to @berniesanders WATCH: @KXAN_News: RT launch. canvass afternoon the for office Columbia, our by stopped Turner Nina and Mike Killer people 10,000 over just rally Tx Austin @BernieSanders for count crowd Official @maryaliceparks: RT it! miss Don't . the following tomorrow on be will .@BernieSanders @FaceTheNation: RT vote. and out come and family and friends your Grab establishment. political the shock will Carolina South across today showing strong A vote! and out Get 7 to open are Polls NOW. right Bernie for vote go to you wants Mike Killer Texas Prairie, Grand in rally Sanders's Bernie at backstage from view The @WPJohnWagner: RT location! polling your find to 82623 to SC Text today? Bernie for vote to where know you Do enough." is disclosure much how decides who — candidate the not — public the is "It beginning. just is campaign This supporters. grassroots our for grateful and ran we campaign the of proud very am I end. to injustice this for time It's Tun… . upcoming and night's last discuss to on morning this us join will @berniesanders Sen @FaceTheNation: RT deserve. and earned have they benefit every receive veterans all that ensure and wounded the for provide to obligation moral a have We … @BernieSanders of endorsement and Chair Vice DNC as resignation her announced just @TulsiGabbard : on BREAKING @meetthepress: RT … @BernieSanders. support to Chair Vice DNC as position from resigned @TulsiGabbard : on EXCLUSIVE @meetthepress: RT https://t… why: Here's Commander-in-Chief. and President next our be to @BernieSanders endorsed &amp; DNC the from resigned I @TulsiGabbard: RT endorsement. her have to honored am I war. of cost the understands @TulsiGabbard Rep. War, Iraq the of veteran a As overlooked. millions leave we Yet world. the in nation advanced other any than person per care health on more spends The @BernieSanders for doors and Phones @joecaiazzo: RT win! us Help campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling KKK. the condemn to refuses who hatemonger a by succeeded be not will and cannot president black first America's Republicans. beat to chance best our is Bernie House, White the in Democrat a want we If GOP. the trumps Bernie Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want … here: post FB my - else! someone that's Wait, younger my in Me @BenFolds: RT jail! in people most the with country the not world, the in population educated best the with country the as known be should America … ! &amp; out Get fractivists! all Calling President! for @BernieSanders endorse officially I @joshfoxfilm: RT https:… speech." good damn pretty a be "must speech, a for $200,000 get you If speeches: Clinton's on @BernieSanders WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT you. about is campaign This Trump. Donald or Clinton, Hillary Sanders, Bernie about not is campaign This enough." is "enough saying and up standing people of millions — revolution political a about is campaign This Collins. Fort in @coloradostateu at roar a to stage the takes .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT country" this in Americans native the for better much do must and can "We .@BernieSanders: @maryaliceparks: RT change. to got has that and globally doing we’re what is That life. destroy you nature destroy you if that know Americans Native movement. grassroots strong a through together it do gotta We've alone. this do can’t Sanders Bernie @JaneOSanders. adviser trusted most my with road the On nation. our facing issues the on discussion a for @TJMShow the to now in Tune country. this in change real for desire people's American the into taps which movement grassroots unprecedented an creating are We deadline. FEC tonight's before February in million $40 raising of goal our hit us help and contribution $ a Make All for Medicare on Straight Record the Set Students Medical and Physicians 560 … States. United the of President for nominee Democratic our be to @BernieSanders endorse hereby I @AlanGrayson: RT endorsement! your for @AlanGrayson you Thank in: Chip Tuesday. Super before deadline FEC final the campaign: our of days important most the of one is Today about. talking is campaign our what exactly is This @ElizabethForMA. by article Great House. White the win to Vote … tomorrow. Democracy your back Take counts! vote every territories, and states Tuesday Super the all To @SusanSarandon: RT https://… &gt; Sign-up does! @BernieSanders Only Cruz? Rubio, Trump, beats Who @rbecker51: RT need. we what for up stand to willing someone need We @williamecurley: RT hate. trumps love and selfishness trumps community divisiveness, trumps togetherness because win We'll counts. dollar Every it! do can We @BernieTampaBay: RT executives. Sachs Goldman by around thrown money of amount any beat can we together, come people When #… on it Use states. Tuesday Super in Bernie like who people contact you lets with "Facebanking" @feelthebernorg: RT out come to people two got and hour an for phone-banked Just @apocolipsefg: RT h… TOMORROW! Vote and TODAY: Contribute Share!! &amp; RT @IamNickGonzalez: RT MA western in @BernieSanders for doors the for up geared Getting @joecaiazzo: RT https://… power. in people the than stronger is people the of power The @People4Bernie: RT President. for nominee Democratic the for vote to chance the have will states 11 in voters Tomorrow, America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our htt… state: your in for vote to how tomorrow—find do to what Know ! is Today @Latinos4Bernie: RT tomorrow. history make us Let https://t… bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America @GatorsEite23: RT us: Join struggle. a always is It easy. never is justice social for Fighting November in GOP the beating at chance best our is @BernieSanders FACT: @Bernlennials: RT on tomorrow BERNIE VOTE @weslata: RT … -ers for action to call personal a made just .@BernieSanders @abowersock: RT all. it have can't You class: billionaire the to message a send to deadline tonight's before Contribute ” deck. on hands all need We ! It's @Frances_Fisher: RT @B… @Women4Bernie country. this in provided is healthcare how in revolution a need We @ZooeyBuddy: RT Donate: money. its taking by system corrupt a change can't you is truth The election. the after day the support your for asking I'm vote. your for asking just not I'm https:… GOP. the beat to chance best our is Bernie House, White the in Democrat a want we If @Colleges4Bernie: RT in: Chip way. different a fundraise We PAC. super large very a has opponent My Bernie! support to Proud @Merrifield_SD11: RT it. read to wait can’t I speech. good damned pretty a be must it speech a for $200,000 paid get gonna you’re if think I counts. vote Every matters. Bernie for vote Your Win. to Vote Minnesota @Indies4Bernie: RT … this get &amp; on &gt;$15 Donate at $27 gave Just @4lifeHassan: RT now: right out it check go page, Facebook official our liked haven't you If Bernie: for Midwest win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let LIVE: in Tune MA. Milton, in rally our for stage the take to About percent. 1 top the just not and us of all for works that government a create gonna We're idea? radical a hear Wanna for@BernieSanders time big Bern the feeling is Massachusetts @joecaiazzo: RT St. Wall from millions collects PAC super your if America in change real about bring you how sure quite not I'm https://t… going! us keep to donate @BernieSanders everyone. going revolution this keep let's it. do can Bernie @jhutch1992: RT … endorsements Detroit up picks Sanders Bernie @KellySewRad: RT campaign. people’s a is This PAC. super a NEED don't we and PAC super a want don't PAC, super a have don't We clear: be me Let https:… Watch: says. Sanders two," or week a in work to back go to forced be should gives who America in woman "No @BostonGlobe: RT … @BernieSanders. for support pledge &amp; politics in $ to end an for call hilariously @benjaminokeefe &amp; .@gabymhoffmann @MoveOn: RT million. $45 reach us Help month. the for million $40 raising of goal our crushed You hate. trumps love know we Because badly. him beat will we @realDonaldTrump, beat we will only Not future. a have can people young where lives meaningful more building be to need we prisons, more building of Instead on voting @BernieSanders now: Happening @Morning_Joe: RT possible. is anything , we when that know We heard. voice your make and today polls the to up show you hope I Trump! Beat Can Bernie Only Why? @BernieSanders! 4 Vote Voters! Hey @BenJealous: RT … office! 2016 Bernie nearest your to head polls, the to rides give can and State a in you're If @GRForSanders: RT vote you before this at peak a Take @joecaiazzo: RT house: white the of out republican a keep to have we chance best the is .@BernieSanders @cascamike: RT @BernieSanders. - hatred." trumps love that know we because [Trump], defeat will "We @GMA: RT place? polling your find to Need vote. and out Go day. your is VT—Today and VA, TX, TN, OK, MN, MA, GA, CO, AR, AL, … tool! tracking official Bernie's ! using know us Let ? on @BernieSanders for Voted @GRForSanders: RT … real the been has @BernieSanders . warming, global slowing of hope a with voting you're if is, say can I All @billmckibben: RT @DemsAbroad Thanks ! in @BernieSanders for voted Just @nelly_beans: RT vote. Go division. reject we and together come people when high, is turnout voter when win Democrats … state! a in live you if vote Go ? be to @BernieSanders Want @WorkingFamilies: RT today. vote go Please together. people bringing is about is campaign this What https:/… office in day first on land federal on moratorium fuel fossil impose not would backtracks, @HillaryClinton BREAKING: @350action: RT vote don't you if unelectable only He's @justinlong: RT matters. vote Your grumble. no vote, no : in say we As @TulsiGabbard: RT VOTE… GO future. our For change. a make to ready is and truth the speaks who Someone in. believe I someone is @BernieSanders @jhutch1992: RT movement. your is This about. is campaign this what That's few. wealthy a just not us, of all to belongs government This … @BernieSanders. por votar a hoy sal favor Por gente. la a unir es campaña esta de propósito El @icaito: RT image! this share and or Use ? on Bernie for caucusing or Voting electoral? distrito tu encontrar ¿Necesitas votar. a Sal día. tu es VT—Hoy y VA, TX, TN, OK, MN, MA, GA, CO, AR, AL, vot… go now on voting about know to need you everything you tell will website This @ArabsForBernie: RT … plan! a make and eligible you're sure Make tonight? caucus to ready you Are @coloradodems: RT nationality. or religion by divided be to ourselves allowing Not together. standing about is America https:/… Bernie! for caucus and out Get @BernieSanders. support Coloradans @Dulce__Saenz: RT precincts. your from turnout and caucuses your from counts delegate report vote, you When today! help your need We Vermont. from Yorker New Jewish the probably so non-starters, are torture &amp; wealth, walls, him To for? vote Jesus would Who @neiltyson: RT billionaires. the just not us, of all to belongs country this clearly: and loudly say you'll today, voting By https://t.… : win us Help do! can you things impact highest of one is Phonebanking @TexasForBernie: RT https:/… VOTE! and out get to NEED YOU But again! US the make to wants he Bernie, en creen no que mocosos los Para @georgelopez: RT day: the of shift final the with help to states in voters Bernie Call vote! the Amplify information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text vote! and out Get revolution? political a for Ready Bernie. for Vote change? real Want … Vermont in Bernie Supporting roll) (drum Ben&amp;Jerry's - Greenfield Jerry With @BenFolds: RT information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text states! in vote and out get to time have still You democracy. practice and line in stay vote, to line in you’re If matters. vote Your matters. voice Your — corruptas campañas las con acabar a vamos Unidos Estados En @BernieSanders: 📺 @CNNEE: RT … system!" finance campaign corrupt a end to going are "We - @BernieSanders LIVE: @wsbtv: RT https:… política. revolución una lograr campaña: de objetivo su reitera @BernieSanders demócrata candidato El @UniPolitica: RT Oklahoma! you, Thank Colorado! revolution, political the to Welcome Minnesota. in off it pulled who organizers and volunteers our of all to you Thank Vermont. and Minnesota Colorado, Oklahoma, you, Thank effort. grassroots strong a through elections win You Jr. King Luther Martin Rev. - poor." the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This right. constitutional woman’s a as abortion legal and safe a to access reaffirm must Court Supreme The you Thank win: us help to Volunteer win. can people the believe I end, the In people. the have we but money, the have They polluters. before people puts and billionaires fuel fossil the on takes that revolution political a for time It’s https:… lunch. Faith&amp;Justice NC the at @BernieSanders on @ninaturner " soul heart, call to like I what has "He @RaniaBatrice: RT killed. or beaten arrested, falsely being of fear without live can women and men black young where nation a want We here: live Maine, Portland, in rally our Watch poverty. about talk gonna I'm right damn earth—you’re on country major any nearly of poverty childhood highest the have We https… Turnout Caucus Dem Massive in Colorado in Victory to Surge Sanders Bernie Helps Vote Latino @democracynow: RT combined. population American the of half bottom the than wealth more own now people wealthiest 20 America’s calls. phone with turnout and identify we supporters Bernie many how on depend will states upcoming in outcome The wins? who Guess other. the against run to want both I and He something. on agree I and .@realDonaldTrump income. their of regardless need they care health the access to able be should country our in child and woman man, Every agree. Americans of millions that is showing is campaign this what And class. billionaire the of agenda the in believe don’t I @l4nguye… @ClemBalanoff @CWALarry Plant Nabisco at Jobs Save to Battle Joins Campaign .@BernieSanders @rbecker51: RT change. must and unacceptable That’s US. the of most than Internet faster much to access have Romania Bucharest, in living people Today, world. the of rest the with business do and connected be to America rural for crucial It’s luxury. a longer no is access Internet High-speed Univ. State Michigan at supporters 10,000 of crowd a to speaking .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT up. ground the from revolution political a create to ready is Michigan like Looks balance. the in hanging economy American the with speculation more need don't We economy. job-creating the in invest that banks need We right. be would he And up. 'em break say would He banks? huge our about say would he what know you do today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If nation. major other every nearly than poverty child more have also We nation. other any than country this in billionaires more have We here: live in Tune Michigan. in deals trade job-killing on conference press now: Happening city. big poorest the is it Today, Detroit. was America in city wealthiest the 1960, In … corporations" for corporations, by "written were says he agreements trade knocking .@BernieSanders @jonathanoosting: RT hour? an $ of wage poverty a pay now – class middle the to ticket a once were that jobs – jobs manufacturing 600K that happen it did How countries. low-wage in not America, and Michigan in jobs create to investing start must Corporations change. must policy trade Our Volunteer: ahead. states the in win and organize, fight, to ready be to have we primary, this win to going are we If policies. trade free Clinton's Hillary of cost real the know Detroit of people The so. think don’t I big. too thinking and looking am I that think people establishment the of many and Clinton Sec. that know I not. did @HillaryClinton deal, bad that opposed I NAFTA. to due jobs their lost Michiganders 43,000 … say members Organization's President for Sanders Endorses Bern,’ the ‘Feels Action People’s Kansas @KPApower: RT https://t… live: it watch attend, can't you If Sanders. Sen. for waiting crowd anxious An full. completely is Center Lied The @1011_News: RT Nebraska. Lincoln, in rally today's at crowd overflow the to speaks Bernie jails. running of business the of out corporations get and up people locking year a billion $80 spending stop we about How bankrupt. morally are consensus, scientific overwhelming an despite real, is change climate deny who Politicians politicians. the not scientists, the to listen Let’s idea. radical a is Here today.… here be not might we day, that shown hadn't people 10 If votes. 10 by mayor elected was Bernie today, ago years 35 @janeosanders: RT manner. unconstitutional an in operating and control of out is NSA the view, my In public. in breastfeeding for women stigmatize never should we society, a As real. is change climate clear: is science the and science, the to listen you unless policy public real create don’t You @joshbhaskell via KS; Lawrence, in haircut a gets .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT it. support to back flip she’ll elected if because worried not he’s saying in right was Donohue Tom like Looks brothers. and sisters fighting, Keep up. bottom the from happens Change jobs. Michigan killed deals trade Bad changed? What 1960. in capita per America in city richest the was Detroit but it, know people many Not https://t… marzo. de 9 del el para prepárate y aquí pregunta tu Compártenos @BernieSanders? a preguntarías le ¿Qué @Univision: RT here: Kansas Lawrence, in Rally In Believe to Future the at live Bernie Watch equity. pay for fight the in sisters our with stand must we Brothers, Street. Wall to dollars of thousands of hundreds for speeches give not do I and Pharma Big from dollars of millions receive not do I debt? in dollars thousand 50 or 40 30, with college leave to have I do yourself: Ask small. not big, Think that! change gonna We're transgender. being for housing someone deny or gay being for someone fire to legal it's states, many In calls. phone with turnout and identify we supporters many how on depends states upcoming in Outcome about. is campaign this what is that and — change real — change want they because campaign this in involved becoming are People elections. buying billionaires not families, working and Americans middle-class by supported movement grassroots strong a is campaign Our Lawrence! in rally a for friends his of 4,200 joins @BernieSanders haircut, the After @kartpath: RT Bernie. for states upcoming losing or winning between difference the mean could work Your child. and woman man, every to right a as care health provide and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The Edwardsville: in @BernieSanders for crowd Big @jrosenbaum: RT Truman. and FDR to back going presidents Democratic by US the in supported been has that idea an is care health Universal affordability. college including issues of range wide a discuss will he where IL Edwardsville, in live Bernie Watch heard. voices their make can Americans all that so automatically vote to registered be must 18 over Everyone people. vulnerable most its treats it how by but produces it millionaires of number the by not country a judge We … outsourcing on India in appearance TV Clinton’s with fodder finds campaign Sanders @WPJohnWagner: RT need. they that education early quality the receiving not are country this in children of Millions society. Orwellian an toward moving from us prevent to can I that all do to continue will and Act Patriot USA the against voted I heard. voice your Make tomorrow! turn your it's Nebraska: and Kansas Louisiana, Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want ago. months government their from help needed who Flint in families of thousands the to insult an What https://… @HillaryClinton , @BernieSanders Dems): ( Poll Online .@BoldNebraska @BoldNebraska: RT TOMORROW @BernieSanders for ! @MoveOn: RT taxes. of share fair their paying start corporations large and wealthy very the that demands which reform tax real need We tragedy. unspeakable an is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can males black 3 in 1 Today, ET. 12p and 9a at in Tune Sunday. this on be will @BernieSanders in debates he Before @CNNSotu: RT leave. paid and wage min. $15/hr a to step first the taking for @Raise_Up_WA to Congrats wage. living a to wage minimum the raise must We video new in us" of one is Sanders "Bernie why explain Nash Graham Watch @RollingStone: RT now. by saved been have would it bank a were environment the If https:… large V Substitute: anymore." word that use can't "I Then: crowds. YUGE his abt talks @BernieSanders MI in 4,755 To @kylieatwood: RT Michigan. in campaigns @BernieSanders now: live Watch @WTKR3: RT News! American Arab the of endorsement the have to honored is in campaign .@BernieSanders @rbecker51: RT up. us divide to world the of Trumps Donald the allow not will We together. people bring to continue will We TOMORROW @BernieSanders for ! @MoveOn: RT jobs. decent-paying of millions of loss the to led have which agreements trade disastrous opposed have I tuition-free. universities and colleges public make to need We 12th. through grade 1st just not is it education, public about talk we When caucus: or vote and out Go day. your is Nebraska—Today and Louisiana Kansas, location! caucus or polling your find to 82623 to VOTE Text today! caucus or vote NE—You and LA KS, me? join you Will elections. WINS Phonebanking @abowersock: RT America. corporate of afraid not and Street Wall of afraid not them, of afraid not I'm industry. fuel fossil the of hatred the welcome I image! this share and or Use today? NE or LA KS, in Bernie for caucusing or Voting precincts. your from turnout and caucuses your from counts delegate report vote, you When today! help your need We year. a $5,000 family middle-class average the save will plan Medicare-for-all A precincts. your from turnout and caucuses your from counts delegate report vote, you When today! help your need We resistance. fierce by met be must it suppress to effort the and America, in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The T… American African at @berniesanders says elected," I'm if forcibly and often poverty about speak will "I promise: Campaign @TVNewsLady: RT | in speaks @BernieSanders | LIVE WATCH @WEWS: RT digits. double by Rubio and Cruz both leading also is and percent 43 to percent 55 at Trump leads Bernie ICYMI: House! White the keep to today or say to Bernie for caucus or Vote https://… الثلاثاء يوم صوتوا . معا" متضامنين "فلنقف باسم ميشيجان ولاية في الإذاعة في العربية باللغة ساندرز" "بيرني حملة إعلان @rbecker51: RT soon! speaking be will Bernie where rally Michigan Warren, the to live in Tune it. read to wait can't I speech—Shakespearian. good a be must it speech a for $225k paid get gonna you're if think I welfare. government of off get and wage living a workers their pay to family Walton the for time It's excuses. no are There resign. and thing right the do should Snyder Governor think I win. we’d expected ever have would one no campaign, this started we When Kansas! you, Thank Nebraska! support, strong the for you Thank Philadelphia. in Convention National Democratic the to way the all us take will that excitement the and energy the momentum, the got We’ve Michigan. Flint, in tonight's of ahead to comes .@BernieSanders @ThisWeekABC: RT heard. voice your Make America. in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The today. vote you Maine: … results. election discuss to @GStephanopoulos joins @BernieSanders now: Live @ThisWeekABC: RT Flint: Detroit, for disastrous proved policies trade class working the to not but class," ruling the to fantasy be "may proposals My .@BernieSanders: @CNN: RT at location your from counts delegate report caucus, you When Maine! today, help your need We together. come people of millions unless done be to has what accomplish can president No us. of all about me—it's about not is campaign This … MI Flint, from Live Where: ✅ ET 8p at Tonight When: ✅ CNN What: ✅ @BernieSanders &amp; @HillaryClinton Who: ✅ @CNN: RT class. middle the decimated has economy Wal-Mart a to economy GM a from transformation radical America’s privilege. a not right, a as all to care health guarantee and nation industrialized major other every join to country our for time is It missed. dearly be will she and heart, good a had Reagan Nancy America. for day sad a is This location! your for 82623 to ME Text Bernie? for today caucus to where know you do Maine, Bank. Export-Import the through corporations multi-national to welfare corporate providing be shouldn't We underinsured. or uninsured still are million 50 more. do must we but things, great some done It's Act. Care Affordable the write helped I career. entire your for stood have you what about is It yesterday. said you what about not is campaign A conversation. the join and the Watch alone. it do can't I one: day since it said I've Flint. of people the help to action take must we importantly more but resign, must Michigan of governor The water. poisoned for bill water a pay should one No act. must government federal The poisoned. be not should America in Children resignation. Snyder's Gov. for calling in us joined finally has @HillaryClinton that glad We're Street. Wall or America Corporate not them, for works that government a create to people the trust will I day, the of end the At Flint? to water drinking clean provide to money enough not somehow but Iraq in war to go to money much so have we do How here: and live tonight's to in Tune @HillaryClinton cc: TPP. job-killing the oppose to last, the of one not first, the of one was Bernie 2008. in industry auto the of bailout the supported Sanders Bernie FACT: … banks: big to speeches 12 just from million $ made Clinton Hillary @the_intercept: RT … @BernieSanders: from one Here’s there. get to plan a need you is 100% to 90% from getting about thing The @kartpath: RT dollars? taxpayer our need they do Why taxes. income no pays often and year a dollars of billions making is Boeing family: her support to page GoFundMe her visiting consider father, Abigail’s from question this answers Bernie As admin… Clinton while bill, crime the of aspects punitive the opposed BS Sanders: &amp; WH Clinton between difference big a That's @RyanLizza: RT … 1994: of April in bill crime the of provisions incarceration mass the denouncing Sanders Bernie @BenJealous: RT 5… Today? here. jobs GM 80,000 have to used We Flint. in job single ONE save didn't bailout" "auto the that clue no has Hillary @MMFlint: RT … Chicago in arrested getting Sanders Bernie of story and picture The @reynoldsjessica: RT criminalidad" de problema un no salud, de asunto un es drogas las de problema "El : @TelemundoNews: RT No. A. fracking? support you Do Q. difference. Big does. @HillaryClinton fracking. support ever doesn't Bernie fiction. pure coal, clean like is fracking Safe fracking? support and around turn you can how Flint, in water clean about care you If in: Chip way. different a fundraise We PAC. super large very a has opponent my know all We https://… donors small from 70% raised Bernie donors. small from $ her of 17% raised donors―has her all about Hillary―boasting @kenvogel: RT http… to can you what donate Flint: of families and kids the help can we way Another @HillaryClinton: RT Maine! you, Thank primary. Democratic this winning towards way our on well are we that again once proved Tonight percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of percent 58 and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The Congress. regulate dollars of billions their and lobbyists its Street, Wall Street. Wall regulate doesn’t Congress that is reality The speeches Sachs Goldman for @HillaryClinton pressing @BernieSanders people!" American the with speech that "Share @tomlobianco: RT … GO! @JRJRmusic! and @nateruessmusic from music and Arbor Ann in TODAY rally @BernieSanders friends! Michigan @jonodiener: RT it." for voted even He bailout. auto the supporting as record the on actually is "Sanders @WashingtonPost: the From vote. to citizens senior and people low-income African-Americans, for harder it make to Republicans by efforts are there day this to But resistance. fierce by met be must it suppress to effort the and America, in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The Dearborn in @BernieSanders for line big Another @jonathanoosting: RT answer. Sanders' vs. fracking on answer Clinton's @nickconfessore: RT bailout. auto the on vote my mischaracterize to way her of out went @HillaryClinton night, Last correct. aren't just that things say you sometimes deals, trade bad supporting of record a defend to forced When issues. the about discussion serious a need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In … Being Sanders: from? come right that did where me, Excuse Baier: people. all of right a is care health believe I Sanders: @Sam_Frizell: RT debate. or hall town Democratic a at abortion about question first the ask to @FoxNews took It intentions. good for points extra get don’t You safe. less us made intervention 2011 the Libya, in ISIS with line: Bottom poverty. in live to has week a hours 40 working nobody ensures that America an creating about is movement Our bailout: Street Wall the against but bailout auto the for was Bernie Forbes: from is it Here @MMFlint: RT change. real for fight and up stand to begin Americans of millions if country this in things great accomplish can we that firmly believe I penalty. death the oppose I reason one That's it. to add should state the think don't just I today. world our in violence much so is There it. on depends planet our of future the because bold be to got We've change. climate combat to steps incremental take just can't We privilege. a not right, a be must care Health sick. get they if bankrupt go they'll that fear in live to have shouldn't Americans vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Mississippi and Michigan Congress. regulates that Street Wall it's fact in but Street, Wall regulates Congress think people Many it: report and number turnout precinct's your for worker poll a ask vote, you When today! help your need We today. vote go please Mississippi: and Michigan together. people bringing is about is campaign this What politicians. from interference without woman, any of right a is abortion an have to decision The back." sent be should "They 2014: of June in America Central from children refugee on Clinton Hillary 2014: of June in America Central from children refugee on Clinton Hillary votar! a amigos y familia tu a ¡Lleva movimiento. nuestro en participar para turno tu Llegó — Mississippi y Michigan participation. political without place take cannot Change information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text vote! and out Get revolution? political a for Ready ET. 6PM by ballot your Submit Primary. Global the in vote to chance last your is today abroad: supporters our To . moderators debate Democratic our that important so it's why is This leave. paid guarantee doesn't that country major only the being of embarrassment international the end must We image! this share and Use Mississippi? or Michigan in Bernie for Voting idea. radical a not it's — work equal for pay Equal workers. women for equity pay ensure must We at location polling your up Look OK! That's vote? to where sure not — Mississippi and Michigan cents. 55 just is women Latina for figure The earns. male white a dollar every for cents 60 just earn women African-American proud. all us make should This officials. elected all of duty the is brothers and sisters LGBTQ our for up Standing now: right live Miami in Bernie Watch accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together, stand people when history: from learn can we what is This hate. trumps always Love end. to got has it and sexism It’s men. than less significantly paid be should women why reason no is There heard. voice your make and line in Stay vote. to right a have you vote, to line in you’re if Michigan: good. so it had never have wealthy the devastation, economic from away paycheck one just are Americans of millions While Michigan. you, Thank won. we But behind. way were we said pollsters The out. us counted media corporate The politically. or economically morally, survive not will greed of kind that on based nation A class. billionaire the of religion the is Greed us. with agree people of millions that is showing are we What win. always doesn’t money big day the of end the At kids? serve that programs nutrition cuts but billionaires to breaks tax gives Congress when it is morality of kind What class. ruling the on take to and power, no have who those with stand to influence my used have I official, elected an been have I Since abortion. with politics play Don’t bill. this veto .@FLGovScott, that" of proud very I'm and Sachs Goldman to doors closed behind speeches give don't "I .@BernieSanders: @MSNBC: RT rich. the for breaks tax more Not people. its of care taking That's right. priorities its get gotta has history in country wealthiest The jazilan! shukran @BernieSanders, of behalf On @rbecker51: RT @Univision. en noche esta debate nuestro pierdan se No @Univision23: RT so. think don't I class? middle our from handouts for asking are overseas, jobs moving billions, making corporations Multinational it. to add shouldn't government the and world the in violence enough There's penalty. death the repeals Utah hope I America. transform to ready are they like me to seems It apathetic. are people young say people Some drugs. prescription for prices highest the pay We people. American the for hazard health a become has industry pharmaceutical The Street. Wall reward to teachers off lay and schools close shouldn't We teachers. Chicago with stand I . usando participa y en Míralo Miami. en del escenario al subir de punto a está Bernie . and here live in Tune Miami. in the for stage on walk to about is Bernie inevitable. so ain't candidate inevitable that Now nominee.” Democratic “inevitable the behind points 50 were we began we When inevitable. tan ve se no candidata esa Ahora inevitable”. demócrata “nominada la de detrás puntos 50 estábamos iniciamos Cuando @HillaryClinton. - immigration.” illegal against adamantly know, you am, "I up. them dividing not together, families keeping reform: immigration of issue the on light guiding Bernie’s 2007 in @HillaryClinton - " undocumented for licenses driver’s support not will I president, "As 2007. en @HillaryClinton — indocumentadas…” personas a conducir de licencias darle a opondré me yo presidenta, “Como harm." great them bring could deportation child’s a cases, some in that, acknowledged "Clinton promise. that make can I America. of States United the from children deport not will I @HillaryClinton - laws.” have “We prometer. puedo lo Eso América. de Unidos Estados en viven que niños a deportaré No @BernieSanders week." the of day any yours against record my match would I Secretary, "Madam @julito77: RT Times: York New The by earlier described dishonesty and tactics" "negative on down doubles .@HillaryClinton 2008. in bailout "auto" the on @HillaryClinton - winners." biggest the probably are institutions financial other our and NY of banks "The -@nytimes boldness.” his match to inspired is [Hillary] hope "We standard. gold the is plan immigration Bernie’s bill. bailout auto an was II TARP that imply to misleading It's again. it say I'll and again it did She @davidaxelrod: RT Trump. stop Let's xenophobia. the stop Let's racism. the stop Let's room. the in donors" "wonderful greeting her shows out" it "cut to St Wall telling speech Clinton that from Video Sanders. Bernie than more Brothers Koch the on taken has who Congress States United the in nobody is There right. he’s And Street. Wall for dangerous be would Bernie said He speech. a for $225,000 Bernie give didn’t Sachs Goldman of head The Street. Wall para peligro un soy — razón tiene Y peligro. un soy que dijo contrario, al $250,000; dio me no Sachs Goldman de director El multimillonarios. de puñado un para sólo no todos, para funcione que economía una Necesitamos right. was he Unfortunately, after. day the happen would what feared he because Libya in change regime and War Iraq the against voted Bernie colleges? not but free, for schools high and middle, elementary, to go to kids Trump's for okay it's think @HillaryClinton does Why there? get @HillaryClinton would How coverage. care health universal to get to plan a has candidate one Only people. all to care health guarantee doesn't that country major only the be to continue should the that arguing is Clinton Sec. razón. tuvo él Desafortunadamente, después. sucedería que lo temía porque Libia en régimen el cambiar y Irak de guerra la contra votó Bernie America. of States United the of President for running am I why is This 2001. since factories 60,000 lost We've the in workers abandon to continue cannot they America corporate tell to got have We campaign. people’s a is It campaign. billionaire-funded a not is campaign This Florida of University @UF live rally Gainesville @BernieSanders Watch @maryaliceparks: RT behind. leaving they're planet the about instead worry and contributors campaign their of needs the overcome can Republicans day one hope I Plan Power Clean the delay to wants Sanders Bernie says wrongly Clinton Hillary PolitiFact: … record.” sanders’ bernie on facts the with loose and fast played has clinton hillary times "5 .@washingtonpost: @cascamike: RT hungry. go America in children while breaks tax huge get to continue cannot you is class billionaire the to sending are we message The up. ground the from revolution political a create we when and enough,” is “enough say and up stand people when place takes change Real benefits. Security Social full for qualifying before old years 68-70 are they until work to Americans working-class ask to unacceptable It's country. this in revolution political a movement, mass a is there unless face we that problems the address to able be will president No late. too it’s before United Citizens overturn must We politicians. buying is money big where oligarchy an in living increasingly are We history. modern in downturn economic worst the into country this drove Street Wall of behavior illegal and greed recklessness, The sources. energy sustainable of development the and efficiency energy toward aggressively move must We emissions. methane on price a puts and fracking bans that plan a have I why That's agree. I House White the to Closer Trump Puts Hillary For Vote Every Why and Trump Crush Would Bernie Why @taddevine: RT actions. violent supporters' his addressing for responsibility take should Trump country. our in place no has division of politics The one. weaker a not movement, union trade stronger a need we class middle crumbling the rebuild to going are we If release. to nothing have I Clinton, Sec. Unlike dollars. of thousands of hundreds for Street Wall to speeches give don't I yes. is answer My question. good a That's interests. corporate the not interest public the for fight will I day Every numbers. poll not principle on based govern will I president, As care. health universal for fight her continue will We Lang. Jane Remembering me. join to @HillaryClinton urge I it. pass to efforts fight to continue will and Congress to TPP the send won't I elected, If States! United the of President next the @BernieSanders to Welcome @Marcy_Kaptur: RT ET. 1PM at tomorrow until voting early for register still can deadline first the missed who Carolinians North … Getty | day election on vote can 17-year-olds rules judge Ohio wins: .@BernieSanders @politico: RT system. justice criminal broken our of indictment clear a is behavior illegal their for Street Wall on crooks the prosecute to failure The harder. fight will who candidate other no is there racism fight to need the and reform justice criminal On change. climate combating including issues of range wide a discuss will he where IL Summit, in live Bernie Watch TOGETHER. people bring We campaign: this in different little a things do We teachers. firing and schools down shutting mayor a of endorsement the want don’t I me. endorsing not for Emanuel Rahm thank to want I up. us divide to world the of Trumps Donald the allow not will We together. people bring to continue will We Chicago from @jamalhbryant of endorsement the up picks .@BernieSanders @Dakarai_Turner: RT equality. of promise full their realizes person every where nation a create us Help country. this in leaders be to people young asking I'm deserve. they respect the receive and earned have they benefits and care health quality the get must nation this defends who veteran Every https… @HGC1968 &amp; @CornelWest Dr. @SenSanders. w/ convo One-on-One w/ @RPCoalition ICYMI: @RevJJackson: RT @TroyLaRaviere - education.” college a to access have should income, their of regardless American, "Every Chicago. in back be to Good division. reject we when win We together. come people when win We price. the pay Chicago of children and teachers the making they're now and for asked they what banks the gave Rahm today. earlier won Bernie election conv. Iowa County Polk steal to allies party and @hillaryclinton by now right way under Effort Convention. Democratic Iowa County Polk at delegates worker-class disenfranchising are allies party and .@HillaryClinton time. sick paid and time vacation paid guarantee not does which earth on country major only the be cannot We @BernieSanders @MoveOn: RT Convention. County Dem County BlackHawk the at @BernieSanders for today ballot my Cast @docftw33: RT here live rally State Missouri @BernieSanders' Watch @maryaliceparks: RT it. defeat to need We agreement. trade TPP the with tinker to need don't We Clinton: Secretary for message a have I on @jaketapper to talk will @BernieSanders hall town night's Sunday Before @CNNSotu: RT child. and woman man, every to right a as care health provide and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The care. health is right human That right. human a be to consider I that something for fighting career my spent have I https://t.… untrue." "totally is rally Trump at protesters organized he claim @realDonaldTrump's says @BernieSanders WATCH: @ThisWeekABC: RT … more for @stltoday see idea line timelapse for @trymainelee Mo--h/t Affton, in event @BernieSanders into get to Line @PDPJ: RT America. of States United the in jobs create to want that enterprises worker-owned and businesses small in investing be should We … UNITY! &amp; LOVE is It violence. and hatred and fear than powerful more something is There Trump: Donald @BenJealous: RT sense? make that Does percent. 50 bottom the than income more earns percent 1 top the States United the in Today https://t… Obi-Wan!" you, need "We Louis: St. in rally @BernieSanders surprises @DannyDeVito WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT Tuesday. on primary Missouri's before Louis St. in Bernie introducing @DannyDeVito - Obi-Wan." you need "We supporters. his of some of violence the condemn and rhetoric his down tone should Trump day. every them with is who president a need They speech. stump a in things right the says who president a need don’t people American The Illinois. in community Islander Pacific and American Asian the of leaders prominent many with meeting Wonderful CNNgo: Watch . the in first up is .@BernieSanders @cnnbrk: RT it. encourage not violence condemn should We process. political American the in acceptable not is Violence accountable. held be must officer that law, the breaks officer police a when official, public other any Like Sanders. Bernie than HBCUs strengthening to committed more is president for running candidate No democrático. proceso el en aceptable es no violencia la que seguidores sus a diga le Trump señor el que Espero poverty. in living is America in week a hours 40 works who nobody that so wage living a to wage minimum our raise gonna We're wage. good a get they sure make and country this in teachers great the about talk should we education, about talk we When punishment. capital against I'm people. killing be should itself state the think don't just I world, the in already violence much so With fracking. on ban a for fight will who race this in candidate only the is .@BernieSanders @kartpath: RT planet. the than important more not are profits their them tell and industry fuel fossil the to up stand will who president a needs America money. lobbyist NRA taking stop should .@HillaryClinton … 15th March Tuesday, Vote @jesuschuygar: RT earth. on country major any nearly of rate poverty childhood highest the has States United the shamefully, Today, injury. brain traumatic and PTSD, with home came who women and men 500,000 the about talk must we war, about talk we When … LIVE Watch @BernieSanders. supporting he's why explain to @ThisHour joins @MarkRuffalo Next: @CNNgo: RT https:/… disease. the treat to drugs new of development spur to initiative research HIV/AIDS unveil to Sanders Bernie New: @WSJPolitics: RT him. at looking are you Republican, other some or Trump defeat will who candidate a want you If you. without this do can't We campaign. my on help your for and democracy in participating for Giat Tobey you Thank employers. their of behavior illegal often and coercive the of because so do to unable are unions join to want who Americans of Millions … you! Thank Tribe. Apache Carlos San the of land sacred the yesterday, Flat Oak to invited be to honor an What @janeosanders: RT https://… Rico Puerto for up standing for @BernieSanders Senator you Thank @StandupforPR: RT … workers transit 190K reps Union president. for Sanders Bernie endorses Union Transit Amalgamated in: Just @jamieson: RT workers. coal just not workers, fuel fossil ALL to assistance transition in billion $41 provides plan My @MSNBC. on @chucktodd with hall town a in participates @BernieSanders IN: TUNE @MSNBC: RT interests. special and America corporate from money taking without office for run can you that proving is campaign This phones the all Call vote. to out them Get time! go It's @People4Bernie: RT Saturday! on march huge the for Thanks 22. March on Bernie for caucus to ready is Idaho campaign. grassroots a is This campaign. my to contribute to millionaires begging country the travel don't I and PAC super a have don't I tomorrow. Bernie for VOTE and out go to you want and Tomson Chris and Koenig Ezra Weekend's Vampire issues. criminal not issues health are addiction and abuse Substance problem. the solve to going not is addicts up Locking https… Dreamers. and children refugee victims, Arpaio's families, undocumented with meeting @janeosanders @ErikaAndiola: RT interests. fossil-fuel powerful over planet our of future the for triumph historic an is This @BenJealous. supporter says turnout, about all it's today, well do to @BernieSanders For @NewDay: RT vote. Go today. heard voice your make Florida: and Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, in brothers and Sisters @BernieSanders @MoveOn: RT polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can movement. our for day important incredibly an is Today share! to use and today Bernie for Vote few. wealthy a just not us, of all to belongs government This information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text vote! and out Get revolution? political a for Ready it: report and number turnout precinct's your for worker poll a ask vote, you When today! help your need We polls? the to them get and voters call to hour an spare you Can vote. to out supporters getting help your need We today. vote go please OH: and MO, FL, NC, IL, together. people bringing is about is campaign this What fun. God, to swear I genuinely, is This @robdelaney: RT at location polling your up Look vote? to where sure not — Florida and Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, hotline. our Call issues? or Questions family. and friends your Bring vote. to turn your it’s Ohio, polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can states. different five in polls the to going are Voters image! this share and Use today? Florida or Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, in Bernie for Voting https://… day 2 GOTV on vote your for asking is @BernieSanders Florida, @DFAaction: RT PM. 7 until open are Polls today. vote go and family and friends your grab Florida, it: report and turnout precinct's your for worker poll a ask vote, you When today! help your need We choose. to right the regarding discussion of lot a be not would there babies, to birth giving were men If vote. go and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Florida and Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, polls… @ register can You vote. to eligible ARE you November, in election general the before 18 be will but 17 you're If @Chicago4Bernie: RT @LatinoVoices via @huffpostblog Rico Puerto for hope real represents Sanders Bernie @nprcinc: RT now. right over head and location polling your find to 82623 to VOTE Text Bernie! for vote and out get to late too not It's now. vote Go location. polling your for 82623 to VOTE text and door the out Head polls! the to head to chance Last heard! voice your Make Carolina! North minutes 30 in close Polls @NCForBernie: RT Chicago. in Seen results election after supporters to speaks Sanders LIVE: WATCH @NBCNews: RT system. clean-energy 100% a creating by jobs good-paying million 10 of workforce clean-energy a create would plan My https://t… truth." the telling are very something doing are "We @BernieSanders: WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT dic… mujeres", o musulmanes mexicanos, a insultos aceptará no EEUU porque es presidente será no Trump que el por motivo "El @UniPolitica: RT @BernieSanders job." another Get politics. of out get elections, fair and free of afraid are you "If @RockTheVote: RT broken. is quo status the when quo status the for settle not Do greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and country this destroying is class billionaire the of greed The Americans. working of millions of lives the on impact horrendous a had have years 40 or 30 past the for policies trade disastrous Our revolution. political a needs America needs. basic their of care take and table the on bread put to struggling are Families control. of out are prices drug wonder no it’s fraud, fight to failure its and prices negotiate to unwillingness government’s our Between Donate: lose. us seeing on set class billionaire a facing We’re easy. be would revolution political the said one No Security. Social eliminate to want they Security, Social cut to want just don’t allies billionaire their and brothers Koch The us: Join revolution. political a in involved get to you for asking am I vote. your for asking just not am I manner. peaceful a in conflicts international resolve can it how but in, engage can it wars many how not is nation great a of test The system. this change can We money. for PACs super and billionaires on dependent become have politicians our that idea the like not do People corporations. large of CEOs the just not families, working benefit and protect that agreements trade need We benefits. these guarantee must We leave. parental paid guaranteed, without world the in nation developed only the is States United The planet. the of destruction the off profit would who those from money taking while effectively change climate on take can you believe don’t I scot-free. off get you economy, the destroyed that St. Wall on exec an you're If record. a get you marijuana, with caught kid a you're If Donate: you. like people by led is campaign This cash. of bags with wings the in waiting billionaires have don’t We us. defended who have who veterans those on backs our turn not do we that means it anything, means patriotism If https:/… 2015. in CO2 atmospheric in hike record after Jan-Feb in temps global record burn: the Feel @NickySundt: RT billionaires! the just not families, working for works that economy an create to going We're idea: radical a Here’s … 9pmET. at MSNBC to in Tune Senator. Vermont the with minute a miss Don't tonight! @Maddow joins .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT Flint? in pipes the rebuild to enough have don't we somehow but Iraq in war to go to money much so have we did How way. different a it doing am I industry. fuel fossil the and Street Wall from money of amounts huge raising PAC super a has Clinton Sec. contribution. $27 a make to to gone have who people real from contributions individual million 5 have I ground. the in fuels fossil keeping by starts to plan my why is This incarcerated. the for training skills real and education real need We prison. from back path a be to needs There population. educated best the have we rather I'd country. other any than jail in people more having of reality sad the end to want I … in hall town @BernieSanders candidate Presidential LIVE: Watch @CBS5AZ: RT street. the on out sleeping are who veterans on backs our turn to right a have not do we ethically and morally that believe I unacceptable. That's it? afford can’t they because college to go to unable are today people young bright of thousands of tens that it is How don’t. I idea, radical a it’s thinks opponent my know I tuition-free. be should country this in university and college public Every poverty. like problems economic and social or addiction drug like problems health of out way our jail cannot We @RealSheriffJoe. a @BernieSanders advierte le Joe", "Cuidado, @UniPolitica: RT here: Falls Idaho in Rally In Believe to Future the at live Bernie Watch back—absolutely. it send would we money, us sent company some accident, some by if, and money, PAC corporate take don't I $27 contribution: Average ✅ contributions million than More ✅ donors million 2 Nearly ✅ numbers: the by movement grassroots A Arpaio Joe Sheriff On Takes Arizona, in .@BernieSanders, @RI4A: RT people? their all to care health guarantees country major every that notice to happen she Did world. the travel to got she says Clinton Sec. spending. medical on planet the on countries other all outspend do we all, to care health guarantee don't we while And info! more for Visit ballot! your mail-in to day last the is today caucus, your attend can’t you If Washington: contributors. campaign wealthy just not and us of all for works that government a need We earned. have veterans our benefits the about debate no be should there but war, to go to when about differences have can We … military: our lead to most @BernieSanders trust voters American poll: @Reuters this missed you case In @TulsiGabbard: RT turnout. large a is there if caucus that win We'll Utah. in caucus important very a be to going is there Tuesday On that. than more workers care child our value should We crazy. is That wage. minimum making workers care child got you've Today, business. small a exactly ain't Boeing you, tell me let And Bank. Export-Import the by discharged money the of percent 40 gets Boeing abroad. jobs move who corporations large subsidize to taxpayers for idea great a it’s think don’t I but me, with disagree may Clinton Sec. revolution. political the for Vote income. your of regardless college to go to able is child your that know you week, a hours 40 work you if where nation a in live can We people. the for and people, the by , campaign a is This This: Like Look Revolutions Political @GRForSanders: RT movement. grassroots unprecedented an organize and together come to nation the across people asking I'm right. is Francis Pope walls. more not bridges, more building be should we said has Francis Pope https:… @BernieSanders - system our with deal we when hate not justice &amp; compassion need We @DREAMerJ_D: RT deported"… not should They Clinton. with disagree I Salvador. El from one met just I children. refugee protect to need "We @ErikaAndiola: RT families. many so grips that sadness and fear the by struck I'm Arizona. Nogales, in here border the Touring change! real want They . pain the to listening are we because momentum gaining is campaign This citizenship. toward path a and reform immigration comprehensive for effort the lead will I you. have We friends. rich their from money bundle to billionaires and millionaires have don't We see. to want we change the for organize to communities our in together come we that important It's yet. nothing seen ain’t They generation. a in politics establishment to threat serious most the called being is campaign Our win. we together, stand families working When win. we justice, for together stand all we When lifetime. a of struggle the It’s year. a or day a of struggle the isn’t rights our for struggle The voters! to talking to commit can you if ID and UT AZ, in victory toward path real a have We action: Take process. democratic the in involved get Americans of numbers large when comes change Real GOTV: Let's campaign. other any than events for people more out turned you campaign this in Early revolution. political a need We economics. establishment and politics establishment for late too is it because president for running I'm all. for wages fair for fight must we meet, ends make to struggle to continue country this across families As together: families immigrant keep to vows Sanders Bernie fence, border US-Mexico before Standing @AP: RT … ?!?! Tuesday on Caucasus to going you are of support in day the for in @shailenewoodley: RT families. immigrant of thousands deporting and up rounding involving tactics inhumane employ to continue cannot We answer. the not are Raids immoral. and wrong is border nation's a of side other the on living are children her and here living is mother a that idea The 10:30amE… @ in Tune nomination. the to path his about talk to morning this @FacetheNation on be only will .@BernieSanders @FaceTheNation: RT @StandWithRaul - voice.” a need powerless the that understands He convenience. of politician a not is "Bernie politicians. buy to millionaires allowed has which decision Court Supreme United Citizens disastrous this overturn to going we're Together C… Hillary than Trump Donald against better do I that polls the at look they when appreciate will People .@BernieSanders: @FaceTheNation: RT rich. the for breaks tax more and elderly the for austerity more want Republicans seniors, among poverty growing Despite together. families keeps that policy immigration humane a need We wire. barbed more or wall bigger a need don't We people. the for and people, the of campaign a is This together. stand we if win to chance good a have We Tuesday. on up are Utah and Idaho Arizona, win. will Bernie how you're And PACs. super its and establishment political the against well so done have we reason the are YOU lose. us see to determined class billionaire a against up We're easy. be would revolution political a said one No us: Join participation. political without come not will Change Donate: you. on rely We day. a it call and checks big for millionaires of handful a asking around go don't We … handouts. free deserve DON'T corporations The care. health deserve PEOPLE the because are We @People4Bernie: RT privilege. a not right, a is care health that sure make must we and , revolution political a is campaign This 🔥🔥🔥 us! underestimate don't @BernieSanders @NewyorkWeissman: RT over. being to close even isn't fight This @williamecurley: RT America. transform gonna we're and revolution political a make gonna We're families. working represent We agenda. their support not does that campaign a running are we because terrified is Street Wall you! of one every and each need we And fight. the join can you live, you where matter No https://t.… share! fair their pay to for time it's anymore, out bailed be shouldn't @Latinos4Bernie: RT comprehension. beyond That's deported. was wife his country, his serving was he while and military US the in serving man young a to talked I Tuesday. on vote and out Go . revolution political a lead help Arizona see us Let you! with family and friends your Bring Sanders. Bernie for Tuesday on Caucus change? real want Idaho, https:… 25. March by vote to Register people. the for and is that one is revolution political This Wyoming! @WyWomen4Bernie: RT 22. March Tuesday, on Bernie for Caucus revolution. political the join Utah, war? that of because safe less or more we are ourselves: ask must We today. ago years 13 Iraq invaded We dollars. trillion several taxpayers States United the cost have will war that calculated, are benefits last the When systems. water and bridges roads, schools, America’s rebuilding on spent been have could that money That’s veterans. our by made sacrifices incredible the forget never must we war, that of wake the In Congress. our in them cut to attempts from benefits veterans’ defending with starts That war. for calling were many so when cast to vote hard a was It Iraq. in War the against voted I 2003, In true. came region the of destabilization the about time the at predicted I what Unfortunately, judgment. with someone — line the down years 20 15, 10, future their about think will who president a need Americans warfare. perpetual from away us move will that judgment sound in rooted policy foreign a to move can we Together, issues. serious about discussion need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In Arena Key at NOW stage the taking @BernieSanders NOW: WATCH @komonews: RT country. the of out them throwing and children and women, men, of millions up sweeping about talking be even not should we and cannot We Léanlo Rico. Puerto para @BernieSanders tiene que plan el dejo les Acá @Residente: RT Saturday! on win will we vote, to out member family a and friend a brings here person every If Seattle! you, Thank history. modern in downturn economic worst the into country this drove Street Wall of behavior illegal and greed recklessness, The percent. 1 top the just not and all for works that economy an create can we us, divide to people allow don’t and together come we When era. new a into countries two our between relations moving and Cuba to traveling for Obama President applaud I … vision economic &amp; plan best : Tuesday in @BernieSanders for voting I'm Why @standwithraul: RT abroad! Democrats you, Thank world. the over all resonating now is revolution political Our Wade. v. Roe preserving of importance the understand who Court Supreme the to justices appoint will I president, As together. stand we if win to chance good a have We tomorrow! caucus and vote Utah and Idaho Arizona, enough. is enough saying: and up standing people of revolution—millions political a is campaign This https://… . government a create us Help do! can you things impact highest of one is Bernie for Phonebanking @BernieOnIssues: RT win. we together, stand we When htt… origin of place or gender, race, politics, our of regardless us, of one single Every . is campaign This @People4Bernie: RT all. of lives the improve to together coming about is Politics opera. soap a not is politics you, tells media the what Despite too. communities our organize can we show to Time billionaires. the against competing possible what's shown We've 1. April by vote to Register . and people the of is that one is revolution political This Wisconsin! Connect. Join media. social using supporters other with message our amplify Help GOTV! Let's campaign. other any than events for people more out turned you campaign this in Early GOTV: Let's campaign. other any than events for people more out turned you campaign this in Early … 28. March by vote to Register people. the for and is that one is campaign This Pennsylvania! @RI4Bernie: RT action: Take process. democratic the in involved get Americans of numbers large when comes change Real here: Utah in LIVE speech policy foreign a deliver Bernie Watch peace. lasting a achieve to done be to needs what do to rise will and must can, community international the and Palestine Israel, believe I administration. my in represented be not will Street Wall government. the and Street Wall between door revolving the shut to time It's … @CBSNLive - economy" "rigged discusses rally, campaign holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @CBSNews: RT Truman. Harry and Roosevelt Franklin to back going presidents Democratic by supported been has that idea an is care health Universal lobbyist: NRA the by hosted fundraiser her at got @HillaryClinton contributions $27 many how Wonder legacy.” “awful an growth job of months straight 72 Obama's President call I’d that know Don’t video: your Submit YOU! historic: campaign this makes what of videos include to want and ads new making We're Smile! out. them cast not here, refuge seeking families protect to steps take to need We oppressed. the for refuge a been always has nation Our AZ Flagstaff, in rally Sanders Bernie LIVE: @12News: RT Fla… at @BernieSanders says republicans" beat to democrat strongest the at looking are you question no is there think "I @LaurenBlanch12: RT … America" change to trying about 're a not are elections and "Campaigns .@BernieSanders: @allinwithchris: RT Arizona from chair vice council ethnic DNC's the Oparnica, Danica superdelegate: 27th his up picks Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT Brussels. of people the to and attack barbaric this in ones loved lost who families the to condolences deepest our offer We Belgium: in attacks on statement Sanders Full vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Idaho and Utah Arizona, House. White the win to vote Utah: badly. him beat would we Utah, in Trump Donald beat we would only Not @TulsiGabbard via need we chief in commander the is Sanders Bernie Gabbard: Tulsi Rep. @TIMEPolitics: RT it: report and precinct your at turnout the for clerk the ask today, vote you After help! your need we Arizona, votar. a amigos y familiares sus con Vayan movimiento. nuestro por votar para ustedes de turno el Llegó — Utah y Idaho Arizona, candidate. Democratic strongest the at looking are you that question no is There House. White the occupy not does Republican a that certain make to can we everything do to got have We religion. a fighting not are We people. innocent killing organization terrorist a fighting are We bigotry. to succumb not we important It’s … at out help more, Learn will. i know I today! in @BernieSanders support go Everyone @standwithraul: RT https:… information voting for 82623 to UT or ID, AZ, initials state ur Text @DREAMerJ_D: RT cuts! austerity accept not will they that clearly and loudly saying are who Rico Puerto in students the with stand I image! this share and or Use today? Utah or Idaho Arizona, in Bernie for caucusing or Voting http… workers. its of many than rate tax income fed lower pays Vz fine. just is playbook Bernie's @verizon .@VerizonPolicy @CWADistrict1: RT pr… racial &amp; torture proposing by hatred &amp; fear embrace @tedcruz &amp; @realDonaldTrump terror. against together stand must We @keithellison: RT enough. is War Cold of years Fifty Cuba. on embargo failed the lift fully to Congress for calls President's the by stand to continue I policy. foreign sane a and all for works that economy an democracy, American for fight and up stand Idaho, Americans. fellow to talks president a how is This @TheDemocrats: RT location. your for 82623 to FIND Text now! right caucus or vote and out Get revolution? political a for Ready it: report and precinct your at turnout the for clerk the ask today, vote you After help! your need we Arizona, Americans: Native empower to plan a with candidate presidential only the is .@BernieSanders @micnews: RT hotline: our Call today? caucusing or voting while issues or Questions democracy. practice and line in Stay matters. voice Your caucus. to right a have you line, in you're If — Idaho Votes tough! Hang is! line the long how matter no vote can you polls, at pm 7 by line in if - Voters Attn @VoteReagan: RT 512-938-8850. Call concerns? or issues Any vote. to right the have You leave! not do Arizona, in 7 before vote to line in you're If 385-223-6954. Call Issues? Bernie. for caucus and line in Stay heard. voice your Make caucus. to right a have you line, in you're If — Utah h… as return @IamGuillermo &amp; Jimmy and @GrangerSmith @TWHiddleston + TONIGHT @BernieSanders Senator @JimmyKimmelLive: RT election. any in vote a cast to hours wait to have people that disgrace national a It’s counts. vote Every line. in stay to sure make Arizona, in you're If here: Diego San in Rally In Believe to Future our to live in Tune Utah! in tonight caucused who those all to you Thank night! the of win big second our for Idaho you Thank few. a just for works that economy an than rather us of all for works that class middle a create and together us bring that policies need We dignity. and respect with tribes American Native treat to government the for time is It so. think don't I wealthy. the to breaks tax in dollars of billions give to wants He wage. minimum the raise not should we thinks Trump control. birth to access full have not did women when days the to back going not are We it. to objection “moral” a has employer an because procedure other any or contraception for coverage deny gonna not we’re No, https:… . to all--thanks at not falling--or barely are emissions gas greenhouse America's @billmckibben: RT 😀 yours: Submit YOU! historic: campaign this makes what of videos include to want and ad new a making We're Smile! vote. right the was that and Iraq in war the against voted I responsibly. it do will I but nation this defend will I president, As here: RSVP 24. March tomorrow, issues veterans’ on call conference national a for @TulsiGabbard Join warfare. perpetual in involved troops get not does that way a in it do to but ISIS, destroy to be must policy military of goal The http… easter… 6pm at TODAY , On LIVE Sanders Bernie interviewing be will Uygur Cenk @TheYoungTurks: RT here: in Tune @TheYoungTurks. with now right LIVE on is Bernie rights. sovereign and treaty their protect to struggle the in Americans Native with stand will I president, As abortion. to right woman's a expand and protect must We Wade. v. Roe undercut to attempts fight will I president, As free. college make and care health expand can we Then share. fair their pay them make and loopholes tax close banks, big up break plan: My … @Yorshmore de entrevista ", los por trabajado "He .@BernieSanders: @UniPolitica: RT America. in place no has law This identity. gender and orientation sexual on based discrimination end to time It's world. the in prices drug prescription highest the pay already who Americans off ripping while taxes evade to continue cannot pharma Big percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of percent 58 and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The Arizona. in delays voting the investigate to @TheJusticeDept asking @MayorStanton see to glad I'm unacceptable. is This ballots. their cast to get didn't many how know don't We vote. to hours 5 for line in waited people night, Tuesday On difficult. this be not should Voting Act. Rights Voting the gutted Court Supreme the because is Arizona in vote to hard so is it reason One support: your Add Act. Rights Voting the for support our reaffirming by is vote to easier it make can we way One here: RSVP tomorrow. Oregon Portland, in rally a for me Join Longshor… Internat'l from endorsement announces campaign - caucus WA Saturday's into headed @BernieSanders for news Good @maryaliceparks: RT how. out find to visit Please vote. to register to chance last your is Tomorrow York! New conviction. felony a by away taken vote to right their had have who Americans million 5 than more the re-enfranchise to need We Indiana. of Governor the not make, to woman a for is abortion an have to decision The how. out find to visit Please vote. to register to chance last your is Tomorrow Wyoming! Photo AP | union Coast West key from backing gets .@BernieSanders @politico: RT benefits. full paying there right was Security Social but 2008, after savings life their lost Americans of Millions wrong. dead are They cut. be must and crisis in is Security Social believe to us wants president for candidate Republican every Virtually https://t.… here: stream live the for in tune it, make can't you If hall. town a hosting tonight Alaska Anchorage, in I'm @janeosanders: RT @TulsiGabbard Sanders" Bernie | War of Cost "The AD! AMAZING @VanJones68: RT economy. global the destroyed nearly behavior illegal their 2008, In power. extraordinary have Street Wall on people of handful A Americans. fellow up locking billion $80 spend we as destroyed are Lives country. other any than jail in people more have We disappearing. been has — world the of envy the once — country our of class middle great the years 40 last the For here: info More Field. Safeco at PM 4 at today rally a for me join — Seattle https://t.… vote! my has primary! NY the in vote to register to day last the is Today @Alancumming: RT https:/… house…” the in anyone of out (17) amendments call roll most the passed sanders congress controlled republicans "when @cascamike: RT WATCH: | ad new emotional cuts Sanders back to quit who official DNC @thehill: RT here: RSVP PM. 1 at tomorrow Madison in rally a for me join Wisconsin, https:… RSVP Brooklyn! in opening grand HQ state our at launch canvass massive and rally big a for staff our Join — York New @DREAMerJ_D: RT generation. HIV-free and AIDS an create to nation a as can we all do must We win. can we Together, tomorrow. Bernie for caucus and member family or friend a grab — Washington &amp; Hawaii Alaska, color. of people for sentencing in disparity grotesque a such see to continue don't we that so system justice criminal our reform to need We here: Portland from live rally our to in Tune WA. &amp; HI AK, in tomorrow caucus and out Come . for vote a is Bernie for vote A ago months anticipated We @TheDailyShow: RT there: us Meet Field. Safeco at Seattle in rally our to way our on are I and change." real for looking They're inches. for settle to looking not are people American "The It. On. Bern. A. Put. @portlandia: RT . for tomorrow win a with away fly Let's revolution. political the join to ready is Alaska me told bird little A hands. Hawaiian Native in rest would self-governance and self-determination to right the administration, my Under tolerated. be not must and unacceptable is police, the of hands the at particularly brutality, and Violence accountable. them hold to easier it make to officers enforcement law for cameras body require and fund federally to need We https:/… is: he here But speech. a giving be would he think didn't field, MLB a on being of dreamed @BernieSanders kid a As @kylieatwood: RT here: live to in Tune making. the in history join and early location caucus your to Get caucus. we today — Washington and Hawaii Alaska, revolution! political a into country this lead help to opportunity the has Washington of state great The caucus! go and friend a Grab all. it have cannot class billionaire the clear and loud say to going are we Today, how. out find to Visit primary! the in vote to register to chance last your is tomorrow Island: Rhode contributors. campaign wealthy of handful a just not us, of all represents that government a demand we world the tell to going are we Today heard. is voice your sure make and line in Stay Washington! across huge is Turnout kickoff HQ at @ninaturner for love huge showing Brooklyn @NYWFP: RT in… and state each in Bernie like that people Message tool: volunteer-made great this out Check @feelthebernorg: RT how. out find to visit Please Monday. on is primary your in vote to register to deadline the Pennsylvania: Together. movement. our of part vital a are You members! Union Warehouse and Longshore International 50,000 the to you Thank us. of all to belongs government this that message a sending are we Together Alaska! you, Thank here: Wisconsin in speaking Bernie to live in Tune momentum. the has campaign our that deny to anybody for hard is It support! huge your for you thank Washington, tonight! support your show to contribution $3 a Make states. more two of winner the declared just was campaign Our you! of proud So Washington.” won just you "Bern, moment. unforgettable An @janeosanders: RT Hawai'i! you, Thank Washington. and Alaska, Hawaii, in wins his after on @chucktodd joins @BernieSanders up: Coming @meetthepress: RT state. Washington and Alaska, Hawaii, in won @BernieSanders night Last @meetthepress: RT … rally…” raucous a with headquarters hometown a opened campaign @BernieSanders’ as Saturday Bernin’ was "Brooklyn @kartpath: RT … Hawaii: en 71% y Washington en 73% Alaska, en 82% con ayer impuso se .@BernieSanders @UniPolitica: RT celebrate! who those all to family Sanders the from Easter happy a Wishing Yor… New turf: home her on debate to @HillaryClinton challenges @BernieSanders yesterday, victories sweeping 3 off Coming @TheBradMielke: RT park. a to children their taking fear ever should one No Lahore. in attack deplorable the by affected families the for today grieving are We suppression. voter of forms all are registration same-day restricting and districts Congressional of drawing discriminatory laws, ID Voter years. ten next the over system care health current the than less trillion $6 cost will plan Medicare-for-all My decades. for regions destabilize and devastation far-reaching wreak can Iraq, of invasion the as such decisions, military Ill-conceived vote the of 70% with @BernieSanders to shows @TulsiGabbard: RT hours. non-traditional work who parents for especially families, working for childcare affordable quality to access ensure to need We debt. its restructure to able be should and help our needs Rico Puerto @Lin_Manuel. with agree I here: plan our of more Read people. its help to do to thing right the is protection bankruptcy Rico Puerto Giving dignity. in retire to struggle adults working of millions and savings in $10,000 than less have Americans most when time a at live We agree: you if Sign debate. a have we'll state, home Clinton’s Sec. York, New into go we as that much very hope I polluters. corporate of profits the of favor in ignored consistently is communities of health the globe, the across that is reality sad The process! democratic the in part take and visit Please vote. to register to chance last your is today — Pennsylvania … @ScharffK workers"​- all for $15 passing by up catch to need leaders "NY California, After @NYWFP: RT people. the with resonating is message our because win to going are we but us against PACs super opponent's our and Street Wall have may We change. incremental not action, bold need we us tell Scientists Ahead Trouble of Democrats Warns Clinton of View Unfavorable Voters’ HuffPost: defin… that tenacity &amp; grit the have to fortunate be should — otherwise or @BernieSanders, @HillaryClinton, — candidate Any @BPEricAdams: RT do. I what That's power. no have who those with stand to influence my used have I official, elected an been have I Since not. does @HillaryClinton wage. minimum federal $15 a support I difference: the here’s But agree. I shot. or harassed be to going they're if about worry to having without street the down walk can people young that so reform police need We 48% @HillaryClinton 49%, @BernieSanders Poll: Dem @Morning_Joe: RT wage. starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job A 2008. in @HillaryClinton — anywhere.” anytime, debate to willing be should “You mandate. lawful other or conviction criminal a without assets seizing for officials reward that programs end must We bargain. collectively to rights workers' protect will who justice a confirm to need the underscores decision This country. this over all unions dismantle to war a waging been has wing right the California, to Wisconsin From elections. buy to continue to able be won't they that class billionaire the and brothers Koch the tell to movement grassroots a need We here: RSVP 31. March Thursday, this @Residente guest special with Bronx the in rally a for me Join first. the not recourse, last the be to got has War would. families working from Kids week. a hrs 10 work to have wouldn't plan @HillaryClinton's under kids wealthy Yet alright. are kids The school. through themselves put to working already are students of majority vast The money. for begging homes billionaires' to going not people, of thousands to speaking is campaign This efficiency. energy toward and fuels fossil from away system energy our transform to efforts obstructing stop to Republicans for time It's economics. and politics policies, establishment for late too is It country. our facing crises enormous the address to thinking new need We - here live rally Milwaukee @BernieSanders Watch @maryaliceparks: RT plan: my Read color. of people affecting racism institutional and marginalization political the address must We use. marijuana of result a as records criminal have they because destroyed lives their seen have Americans many Too poverty. in live to has week a hours 40 working nobody ensures that America an creating about is movement Our end. must forward path shortsighted That debt. student of levels outrageous with people of millions punishing be should we believe don't I PRESIDENT!!! FOR SANDERS BERNIE YAY! Friends, Twtter Dear @DAVID_LYNCH: RT gone: they’re before yours Grab ! commemorate to sticker a make to decided We education. college a get to able be will they families, their of income the what matter no hard, study they if that know to children want I 2008. in Street Wall bailout to billion $700 opponent? my for pie-in-the-sky too wasn't what know You ideas. big my for criticized been I've Shameful. gentlemen. and ladies frontrunner, Republican Your Brooklynites! like campaign will we yes, And @JumaaneWilliams! Agreed, Street. Wall on corruption and fraud of culture the tolerate to afford longer no can country This sake. goodness' for half in pills cutting are people Elderly prescribe. doctors their drugs prescription the afford can't people five in One are. they think I companies. drug the or companies insurance the to up stand to prepared are people American the think not may opponent My ET, 10PM at starts @BernieSanders with interview exclusive My @maddow: RT away: fly they before yours Grab left. stickers few a got only We've the… in tomorrow rally NYC his at @BernieSanders introducing folks among Dawson Rosario and Belafonte, Harry Lee, Spike @maryaliceparks: RT @MSNBC on airing @BernieSanders with interview exclusive @maddow's NOW: @MSNBC: RT Street. Wall from profits their making are products Street's Wall rating agencies same the if system financial sound &amp; safe a have can't We deals trade of impact the discusses @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT in: Chip Wisconsin. win us help and establishment the shock will today million $ of goal our Hitting Pittsburgh: in rally In" Believe to "Future a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT win. will they that believe I country. this in equity pay for overdue long is time The Activist Transgender Zekis, Andrea - voice." a have I stronger. became I survived. "I gone: they're before campaign our to contribution any with sticker your Get jail. to big too be not will bankers Big card. free jail get-out-of a receive longer no will CEOs Street Wall administration, my Under law. into Act Fairness Paycheck the pass and forward move gotta We've work. same the doing for men than less paid are women that wrong is It deadline: our before Contribute goal. our reach to chance a have we like looks it but shot, long a still It’s h… here: volunteer LA. sunny from moment the at to calls making ! for banking phone @shailenewoodley: RT area. overflow the is this And Bernie. for waiting crowd YUGE @OphirBruck: RT midnight! before goal our reach us Help month. last did we than month this money more raise to trying We're https:/… to. her needed we than later years five NY—about in on ban a of support in out comes .@HillaryClinton @clairesandberg: RT LIVE: in Tune Residente. and Lee Spike Belafonte, Harry Dawson, Rosario with Bronx the in We're NY!" win to has "Bernie .@SpikeLee: @NYWFP: RT … Kissinger. Henry for boos and dictatorship, American Latin for support US condemns Residente as cheers Big @onearmedmaninc: RT City!” York New in born been have to proud very am "I … 3% @BernieSanders: 51% @HillaryClinton: max: legal given have who donors from $$ campaign of Portion @mjbeckel: RT poverty." childhood end must We streets. the on out sleeping country this in children accept not will "I here: deadline tonight’s before yours Make $27.” is campaign our to contribution average "The https:/… Wisconsin! in Voters Black With HRC Over Points 11 Up @BernieSanders Poll: New @BenJealous: RT Guest." Mystery News of Wheel "The as tonight Show" "Late Colbert's on appears Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT here: in Chip million. $ raise to track on We're it. do could we thought never They here: yours Grab sticker! your get to chance Last lobbyists." industry coal and gas oil, from funds on heavily relied has @HillaryClinton that is truth “The Bernin’… on keeps sky the in Wheel Tonight! @colbertlateshow: RT Ma… in raised money more even announces camp @BernieSanders the February, record-setting a After crazy. are numbers These @TheBradMielke: RT revolution. political our are You March. in campaign our to contributed who everyone to you Thank Iraq. invade to trillion $ opponent? my for pie-in-the-sky too wasn't what know You ideas. big my for criticized been I've -@BernieSanders industry." fuel fossil the from money of sums significant taken has Clinton "Sec. @GMA: RT enough. is War Cold of years Fifty Cuba. against embargo the end to got have We trains,… bomb earthquakes, contamination, H2o and air us brought has fracking responsible" and "safe Your .@HillaryClinton @MarkRuffalo: RT nation. the for model a and NY for forward stride huge A proud. very I’m Yorker, New raised and born a As location. voting nearest your find to visit Please voting. early for day last the is today — Wisconsin https://t… Thompson. Tessa and Alexander Michelle Dawson, Rosario with Harlem in table round a hosting campaign .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT … issues: women's about roundtable campaign @BernieSanders a for Harlem from @Facebook on LIVE is NowThis @nowthisnews: RT @BernieSanders for $0 ⚬ @HillaryClinton for million $ ⚬ lobbyists: fuel fossil by bundled money Campaign @GMA. at morning this Bern the Felt @Weezer: RT … most: matters still campaigning live age, media social the in even that proves rally The @issielapowsky: RT Wisconsin: Sheboygan, in rally campaign a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT … Walker. Scott estado del gobernador del habló @BernieSanders cuando en público el reaccionó Así @UniPolitica: RT half-measures. not ideas, bold for fight must we why is This wealthier. even become can investors wealthy of handful a that so more even suffer to asked be shouldn't Rico Puerto now: happening Wisconsin Bay, Green in rally our to in Tune revolution! political the Join 5. April Tuesday, on vote you — Wisconsin change. real for fight and up stand to begin Americans of millions if country this in things great accomplish can we that firmly believe I participation. political without place take cannot Change Convention: Democratic Nevada County, Clark on Weaver Jeff manager Campaign committee. credentials Nevada County, Clark the of status Current 5. April Tuesday, this voting by heard voice your make Wisconsin, Wisconsin: in rally In” Believe to “Future a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT you. Thank revolution. political this powering are country the across all supporters and Volunteers percent. 30 or 20 of rates interest sky-high charging by people American the off ripping from companies card credit stop to got have We @BernieSanders via Puertorriqueña Deuda de Crisis sobre Sanders de Comunicado @ErikaAndiola: RT America. in lender every to cap this extend to time It's percent. 15 at rates interest cap to unions credit required Congress 1980, In presidency." sanders a under brighter is future country's "our @cascamike: RT unacceptable. and wrong Absolutely Wisconsin. in vote to people for harder it make to efforts massive seeing are we Walker, Gov. Under job. another get and politics of out get elections, open and fair of afraid are you if Walker: Scott to say I backwards. it got He's history. Wisconsin in education to cuts largest the making while corporations for breaks tax huge provided has Walker taxes. of share fair their paying start corporations profitable that demand and education for funding increase will I president, As primary. Wisconsin the of ahead @jaketapper to talk will @BernieSanders on week This @CNNSotu: RT Americans. all for wages up drives but members own its protects only not movement trade-union growing and strong A https://t… stronger" even candidacy my "makes independent an been Having .@BernieSanders: @ThisWeekABC: RT boldly. act must We change. incremental for late too It’s world. the across effects devastating having already is change Climate incor… fully Bernie's ed. higher of out students undocumented leave to continues plan ed higher Clinton's Hillary Fact: @saragoldrickrab: RT beginning. the from it to opposition the led I’ve planet. this on fuel dirtiest the of some transport would Pipeline Keystone The Monday! on Milwaukee in @BernieSanders for playing be to excited and honored We're @3OH3: RT … Bernie's attend. kids Trump's &amp; her those like college private prioritize plan Hillary's FACT: @saragoldrickrab: RT Senate. States United the of history the in legislation change climate comprehensive most the introduced have to proud am I grandchildren. our to habitable planet this leave to pie-in-the-sky is it believe not do I But legislation. of peice bold a it's recognize I helped. be won't poor The plan. Hillary's under erode to continue will power purchasing Grant's Pell The Fact: @saragoldrickrab: RT others! and @3OH3 @thesummerset, with Milwaukee in Rally a for tomorrow me Join http… 4. at open Doors us. join Come Center. Bradley Harris BMO at tmw in Bernie speech/introducing giving I'm @MehcadBrooks: RT 5. April on Vote work! not will efforts suppression voter his that Walker Gov. to message strong very a send Let's pollution. carbon on tax a putting by part in 2050, by percent 80 over and 2030 by percent 40 pollution carbon cut will plan climate My @lsarsour. activist, Muslim Brooklyn tonight? WI Madison, in @BernieSanders Introducing @DannyEFreeman: RT … @rosariodawson. with ground stomp to Honored back. @BernieSanders got who Brooklynites PROUD Two @lsarsour: RT Atlantic. the in and Gulf the in Arctic, the in drilling offshore opposed consistently have I clear: be me Let truth. the telling are we politics: American in unusual something doing are we that is well doing is campaign our that reason The corporations. multinational of CEOs the just not and families working benefits that one — country this in trade to approach new a need We https://t.… districts electoral in voters eligible only include to bid conservative a rejected Court Supreme The News: Breaking @nytimes: RT suppression. voter of forms all fight to continue must we Now, vote. one person, one of equality the ensure helped Court Supreme the Today, plan. college free @BernieSanders for case the makes @saragoldrickrab professor UW @mcbyrne: RT plant: power nuclear York New down shutting for calls .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT point. tipping the just are CA and NY ‘pie-in-the-sky.’ was it said Some unrealistic. was wage min $15 a that us told they ago, long too Not wage. minimum federal hour an $15 a for fight and families working with stand proudly will I president, As accountable. them hold to easier it make to officers enforcement law for cameras body require and fund federally to need We justice. racial and rights civil for fight his continue must We history. our of leaders great the of one was Jr. King, Luther Martin involved. Get up. give to not you asking I'm up. give to you want country this of owners the right: is .@MarkRuffalo great. America make Unions hotel. Vegas Trump's at rights bargaining collective for fighting workers for victory A outrage. an is spill Horizon Deepwater disastrous the cleaning for bill BP's up pick taxpayer American the Making @RBReich — movements." on report to how know don’t media major "The change. real for vote and member family or friend a Grab forward. revolution our move to opportunity an have we today — Wisconsin Championship. Basketball National NCAA men's the winning for Wildcats Villanova the to Congratulations vote. Go happen. change make and involved Get Wisconsin. today, message strong a send Let's now: voters WI to calls Make Wisconsin! win to today help your need We … watch! to @MSNBC to in Tune primary. Wisconsin today's of ahead @BernieSanders interviews @mitchellreports NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT revolution. political the join to how out find to Visit today! is vote to register to deadline the Maryland: location. polling your for to Head today? Bernie for vote to where know don't — Wisconsin justa. forma de economía su crecer hacer y deuda su reestructurar para necesario tiempo el recibir debe Rico Puerto care. child quality in invest to need We formative. and important most the are life child's a of years four first The @janeosanders: RT wage. minimum federal $15 support actually Doesn’t ✔️ PM. 8 at close Polls vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Wisconsin direction. wrong the in step deplorable a is law This forms. all in discrimination end to working be should We polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can win. will we turnout, voter large a is there If location. polling your for 82623 to VOTE Text Bernie. for vote and out go to late too not It’s Wisconsin: sa… as office in do would Sanders what abt excited theyre said voters Dem many as 2X - data poll exit prelim ABC in Also @maryaliceparks: RT Wisconsin. vote, and line in Say matters. voice Your you! Thank accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together stand we when message: strong a sent you today Wisconsin, … matters. vote Every heard. voice your make to line in Stay values. progressive supporting for you thank Wisconsinites, @MoveOn: RT ! here: Laramie from live remarks Bernie’s to in Tune going: us Keep margins. large by winning keep we but out, us counting keep establishment and media corporate The Championship. Basketball National NCAA women's another winning for Huskies UConn the to Congratulations Americans. as responsibilities their accept to refuse yet America, of benefits the of advantage taking They're end. to needs greed Corporate baby. their of care take to home stay to afford can't they because immediately work to back go to forced be shouldn't parents New equality. of promise full the realizes orientation, sexual their matter no person, every where nation a in live can We respect. and dignity with retire can American every that so it expand to be must job Our Security. Social cut to be cannot job Our deals. trade bad of result a as closed were that factories rebuild and policies trade our re-write fundamentally must We campaign. her fund to money lobby gun takes candidate Democratic one Only Philly downtown in protest CWA by stops .@BernieSanders @kylieatwood: RT corrupt. also but unfair grossly only not is which today, America in system political a reform must we that means socialism Democratic embarrassment. an That's deductibles. and co-payments high with underinsured are more even and insurance health no have Americans million 29 further. go and it on build must we But country. this for forward step a is write, helped and for voted I which Act, Care Affordable The disagree. I body. own her control to right the has country, this in woman no that is clearly, and loudly very saying, are Republicans What Garner Erica — scared.” not He’s protester. a is @BernieSanders believe “I @kartpath: RT families. their and themselves for care to trying just – jobs three or two with some – hours incredible working are people of Millions @BernieSanders family." my are you movement, this in up grew "I @PaAFL_CIO: RT life. entire my for them with worked have I family. my are Unions fundraisers. Street Wall to go to leave then and unions to go don't I differently. it doing we're way, their elections win to wants establishment political the While planet. our facing threat greatest single the is change Climate grandchildren. and kids our of all for planet livable healthy, a leaving about care I seven, of grandfather a and four of father a As https://… w/ questions your in Send plaza. the on hall town live a for us joins TODAY…@BernieSanders on Tomorrow @TODAYshow: RT … interview one-on-one a for @CharlieRose with down sits @BernieSanders News: Evening CBS on TONIGHT @CBSEveningNews: RT @PaulYSong — uninsured." remain people million 29 where system healthcare immoral and broken a have "We slavery. of practice deplorable country's our for apologize formally would I president, As … Online: 114593 Code: 1-877-229-8493 ET! 8:00pm at guests special and @BernieSanders Senator Join @ErikaAndiola: RT walk. the walking am I – finance campaign to comes it when talk the talking just not who’s guy the at looking You’re agreements. trade disastrous these of one every to opposition the led and against voted have I Unite! @People4Bernie guy! This Bern??? the feeling Who's @DavidFBowen: RT … with questions Ask plaza. the on live @BernieSanders with hall town @TODAYshow: on 8am at up Coming @NBCNewsPR: RT Pope' the of fan big big, a am 'I Vatican: the at speak to invited @BernieSanders NEW: @Morning_Joe: RT https://… quickly very very, moves it justice, see people when fire, catches idea an When wage: min. $15 on .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT -@BernieSanders women" for equity pay for can I as hard as fight will "I @TODAYshow: RT … Greenpoint: 3pm Flatbush: 1pm ! TODAY: @NYWFP: RT RSVP: PM! 1 at @MarkRuffalo with Rally Flatbush our for us Join today! Brooklyn in is Bernie here: RSVP Brooklyn. in PM 3 at today Rally Greenpoint our at @SusanSarandon and Bernie Join together. act our get gotta We've fuels. fossil on dependence nation's our of consequences severe most the bear will communities Low-income NEXT! ladies the joins @BernieSanders Sen. : to about We’re @TheView: RT change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse politicians American some that embarrassment national a is It it. do to going ain't politics establishment same-old same-old, the that deep, so are serious, so are now country this facing problems The Bernie!" home, "welcome of chants to Flatbush, in stage the takes .@BernieSanders @kartpath: RT here: live Watch Brooklyn. in back Bernie’s attention. paying start to have to going is Congress class, billionaire the and Street Wall to up stand to begin Americans When https://… " and millionaires the about not vote, one person, "One Greenpoint. in stage takes .@BernieSanders @paullarocco: RT here: rally our to live in Tune Brooklyn. Greenpoint, in We’re happens. change how That's do. to what him telling people the was It wage. minimum the raise to idea the had who Cuomo Governor wasn't It reform. welfare on view our is campaign this in myself and Clintons the between differences biggest the of One now. that believe I and then that believed I immigrants.” and minorities, children, and women poor, the on assault “an bill that called I system.” welfare nation’s our reforming to step first critical “a it calling bill this supported @HillaryClinton Unfortunately, disaster. absolute an been has bill reform welfare the that out turns It million. to 636,000 from doubled than more have poverty extreme in living families law, into signed was legislation this Since people. undocumented for benefits to access limited severely and benefits receiving for requirements work strict established It million. to million from skyrocketed has poverty extreme in children of number The Americans. White for 109% Hispanics; for 132% Americans; African for 182% increased poverty EXTREME in living households 2011, to 1996 From 23% Only 2014: 68% 1996: benefits: cash receiving POVERTY IN LIVING Families million. helps only it Today, Americans. million 14 than more to net safety vital a provided welfare 1994, In need. in families for net safety a provide to responsibility the Walker Scott like governors Republican gave legislation This unacceptable. is That poverty. extreme increased and net safety social the weakened has legislation This disagree. I program.” anti-poverty an be not should “welfare that said @HillaryClinton 2008, In net. safety social the weaken, not expand, and provisions reform welfare 1996 the repeal to need we view, my In differ. I and @HillaryClinton where issue" "single a just That's … weather frigid in rally Brooklyn Greenpoint, at roots York New highlights .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT … @benjealous Fridays" on children for food of backpacks packing teachers of numbers record have "We @BenJealous: RT making. the in history Join win. can we turnout, large a there's If 9am. by location caucus your to Get caucus. you today Wyoming: caucus! let’s Wyoming, accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there back, fight and up stand we If Wyoming. in here win to going are we today, help your With caucuses. eight last the of out seven won we've — Wyoming penalty. death the ending without system justice criminal broken our reform properly can’t We everywhere. hour an dollars 15 … @LuisSepulvedaNY Rico Puerto for plan best the provides Bernie @AdaFreiria: RT @BenJealous - incarceration." mass for price a paying is 24 and 18 between American every "Virtually crisis. housing this address to more do to need We York. New in than display on more housing affordable of dearth the is Nowhere you. movement: this powering people the by shot footage featuring ad new our Watch support! their for much so Wyoming of people the thank and appreciate We https://t… @BernieSanders -- it?" need who veterans disabled and seniors of millions for benefits expand to prepared you "are @cascamike: RT nation. incarcerated most the in live now we and destroyed been have lives of Millions failed. have policies crime" on "tough that know We @RickNolanMN! support your for you Thank end. an to bring must we that failure miserable a was drugs" on "war the that clear It's " poor to assistance financial curb to effort intentional an was reform "Welfare contests. 9 last the in won have we that victory 8th the is Wyoming .@BernieSanders: @FaceTheNation: RT Office. Oval the in place no has skepticism change Climate House. White the in working from lobbyists fuels fossil ban I'll president, As once. at issue of kind every is It problem. environmental and security national health, public economic, an is change Climate Island. Coney at rally afternoon Sanders' Bernie at scene The @kronayne: RT jobs. good of millions create will and affordable, and possible is system energy clean completely a toward Transitioning Wyoming de demócratas caucus los en Clinton a gana Sanders Bernie @LaOpinionLA: RT 19: April Tuesday, on vote to plan a Make history. of bit little a make let's York, New Labor of Secretary former @RBReich, — Banks Big the and Bernie ICYMI: powerful. and wealthy the from money for beg to having without office for run can anyone so elections of funding public to move to want I Americans. average of expense the at oil big of profits the boost to rigged is It policy. energy corrupt fundamentally a have we now Right more. or $100,000 $50,000, of debt student with punished not education, an getting for rewarded be should People America. in racket prison private the to end an put must We daughters. and sons our imprisoning by profits making be not should Corporations agree: you if Sign sense. makes that that thinks nobody and people, up locking year a billion $80 spending We're crazy. pretty That's heroin. alongside drug one schedule a is marijuana Act, Substance Controlled Federal the under now, Right agree: you if Sign decide. states let and substances controlled of list federal the off marijuana take to time is It safe. it make can regulation of amount No change. climate worsens and quality air degrades water, pollutes Fracking fuel. fossil a it’s fuel,” "bridge a isn’t gas Natural crisis. climate the of out way our frack can we think to wrong It’s heard: voice your make and there get to plan a have you sure Make away. days 8 just is primary York New The democracy. American of foundations the maintaining about serious are we if United Citizens overturn must We democracy. restore to action taking people see to Glad money. big by dominated is gov't our that understand Americans Buffalo. SUNY at @BernieSanders awaits arena packed jammed A @DannyEFreeman: RT leave. family paid to access has everyone where country a in live can we that us show California see to Glad democracy! That's country. this of future the determining in heard be voice their demanding are country this over all people Young country." this over fracking…all to end an put to need "We Sanders: Bernie @ABC: RT equity. pay need We Shameful. men? to compared dollar the on cents 79 earning and work to going are women that it is Why gap. a not gulf, pay a face who color of women for worse even is disparity pay The cents. 55 just is women Latina for figure The earns. male white a dollar every for cents 60 just earn women African-American fracking? ban @HillaryClinton will president, As frack. don't leaders Climate @350action: RT fraud. on based is system financial the that world whole the to acknowledged just Sachs Goldman democracy. our reclaim and election this win to help your need I primary, York New the until week a With leadership. need We enough. good not is Evolving brainer. no a was it because start the from pipeline Keystone the opposed I … NY Syracuse, in rally campaign @BernieSanders at speaks Dawson Rosario LIVE: WATCH @ThisWeekABC: RT jail. in be should They people. American the defrauding for breaks tax getting be shouldn't executives Sachs Goldman unacceptable. is That care. abortion access to women for difficult more and more it made has right-wing extreme the years, 40 past the For disgrace. national a is door clinic the at harassment face and appointment an for weeks wait miles, of hundreds travel women Making @BernieSanders ✌️✌️ @steveaoki: RT world. the throughout standards living lift but country, this in wages raise only not which policies trade fair adopt to need We interests. big-money upon dependent are you if class middle the and families working for fight and stand can’t You States? United the except right a as people their of all to care health guarantees earth on country major every that happen it does How people. over profits put who companies from lands tribal protect to fight to continue will I president, As class.” “billionaire the them calls Bernie royalists.” “economic them called He elite. era’s his battled Roosevelt fail. to big too were they because out them bailed we when than larger are country this in banks largest four the of out three Today https://t.… NYT: the for op-ed an in @BernieSanders colleague endorsing he's why explains Oregon, from senator Merkley, Jeff @nytopinion: RT President. for Sanders Bernie endorses Bern, the feels 100 Local TWU @TWULocal100: RT workers! w/ standing for @BernieSanders you Thank @CWADennis: RT line. picket the on up shows Bernie releases. press send politicians Some too 2003, in back workers Verizon joined He lines. picket to stranger no is .@BernieSanders @jamieson: RT contempt. their welcome I class. billionaire the in friends their and Immelt McAdam, of support the want don’t I Baltimore. and Buffalo like cities in investing start and employees their of jobs the destroying stop they that is about care I What union. a have don’t who millions for but workers Verizon for just not justice for up standing You're today. strike on those to you Thank them: elect us Help @ZephyrTeachout. and @pramilaj @LucyFlores, like Congress in progressives strong need We 11:30/10:30c. us! joins @BernieSanders : @nightlyshow: RT https://t… requested @berniesanders study @USGAO a to according taxes, federal no pays corporations profitable 5 in 1 @danielmarans: RT plan: a Make primary. York's New win we if be can momentum our what imagine but – incredible is momentum This … fracking." support "to continues and supports Clinton Hillary Sanders: Bernie @PolitiFact: RT weekend this knock door to volunteers on calling director field with starts rally .@BernieSanders @brigidbergin: RT Bernie: for Park Square Washington York’s New to out come thousands as live Watch @NinaTurner - NOW.” is time the and right is cause “The anywhere!"-@lsarsou… it make you NY, in it make you if know, We high. heads our hold &amp; 19th April on up wake to have "We @Latinos4Bernie: RT Bernie - back!" be to great it's and kids were we when City York New left I and "Jane Unbelievable. revolution. political our join to tonight out came who Yorkers New 27,000 than more the to you Thank should. they taxes the pay marketplace the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most together. this in all We're @People4Bernie: RT values. York New have I @TedCruz, what guess and Sanders Born’ ‘Brooklyn Bernie me, It’s discourse. political our in that like language for room no There's insensitive. and inappropriate was comment Song's Dr. interests. special powerful just not us, of all for works that government a create we that means socialism Democratic strike! workers contract federal BREAKING: @GoodJobsNation: RT union. a and hour an $15 demanding today are who workers the applaud I “pie-in-the-sky.” or unrealistic was wage minimum $15 a that us told establishment the ago, long too Not answer. an for “no” take to refused people working of millions by led movement grassroots a But Oregon. and York New California, Francisco, San Angeles, Los Seattle, in progress making We’re wage. living a of dignity the enjoy can country this in everyone that so successes these on building about is campaign This us: Join to going we’re weekend This calls. million 2 volunteers. 15,000 hours. 48 time. vacation paid or leave sick paid leave, family paid of form some workers its guarantee doesn’t that economy advanced only the are We money. Street Wall reject who candidates elect we until change will Nothing statement: Full lawsuit. access voter Arizona in partners campaign Sanders lifetime. a of struggle the it's day, a of struggle the isn't rights our for struggle The right: is .@RosarioDawson today: Bernie for vote to Commit Tuesday. on in come results the as watching be will country entire the – York New . a like campaign Bernie watch and now right Brooklyn CNN the the to in Tune simple. and Plain money. for PACs super and billionaires on dependent become have politicians our that idea the like not do People here: page issues her contradict to Seems politics? in influence no has money believe @HillaryClinton Does interests. big-money upon dependent you're if class middle the and families working for fight and stand can’t You out. them bailed and Street Wall with sided Clinton Hillary greed, Street’s Wall of because jobs their lost Americans of millions When ? just not why speeches, Street Wall Clinton's Hillary in bad nothing there's If Watch: out.” it “cut to Street Wall telling speech Clinton’s Hillary from excerpt an is This joke. No days. 70 for it” into “looking been Hillary’s none. were There Street. Wall to gave he speeches the of all released has Bernie hour. an $15 to wage minimum federal the raise Let's enough. not is $12 @HillaryClinton. up, standing are people of Millions @HillaryClinton. both, be can’t It it. against or wage minimum federal hour an $15 a for be either can You https://… fundraiser? high-$ a at them with standing mean that does lobby. gun the to up stand to need we says clinton sec. @cascamike: RT it: against spoke Bernie bill, crime the in incarceration mass for campaigning was @HillaryClinton While not. does Bernie fracking. supports Clinton Hillary steps. small just not changes, bold need We enough. far go not does change climate address to plan Clinton's Hillary tra… Street Wall the release should @HillaryClinton today: it say I'll returns, tax @MittRomney's about 2012 in this Said @MartinOMalley: RT side. their on already is she because her to donate They side. their on her get to @HillaryClinton for money bundling aren't lobbyists Gas Clinton: Hillary carbon? on tax a support you Do Q: record. the on one that wanted Just @HillaryClinton – people." Libyan the help to deal great a did we think "I dignity. and respect with people Palestinian the treat to have to going are we peace, achieve to going are we If other. the or one just not Palestine, and Israel BOTH includes That world. the in anywhere killed are innocents when concerned be should We us: Join . to left days 5 have only We ? the watching you Are please. segment, this right. Damn free? tuition universities and colleges Public electability. that's Now Trump. Donald against tested when poll major every in Clinton Hillary outperforms Sanders Bernie CAMPAIGN. PEOPLE’S A IS THAT Money. Big or Street Wall on dependent Not contribution. a $27 3% – Sanders Bernie 51% – Clinton Hillary contributors: wealthy maxed-out from money Campaign compromise. to willing is Bernie where issue an not is Abortion you. Thank Tuesday. on vote go – York New us. of all for works that government a create and back fight up, stand must people of Millions all. us for work government the that demand and democracy our back take to going we're help, your With 19! April on vote York, New accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there back, fight and up stand we if people, American the up wake we If https://… of Anniversary 25th the on Reflections Economy: Moral a of Urgency The on @BernieSanders Senator @CasinaPioIV: RT Annus Centesimus of Anniversary 25th the on Reflections Economy: Moral a of Urgency The common. in have we values the show words his ways the are Here Francis. Pope by speech a annotated I together. this in all We’re details: for here Check 2. May through today Bernie for vote early can you – Indiana much. too is Americans all for hour an $15 but Street, Wall from hour an $200,000 take to ok it's believe Some info: More Bernie! for vote to 16 April Saturday, TOMORROW, by vote to registered be must you – Rico Puerto info: Más Bernie! por votar para registrarte para abril de 16 sábado mañana hasta ¡tienes — Rico Puerto pattern. a be to seems This them. disparaging not politics, in involved get to people young encouraging be should We location. polling your for 82623 to NY Text plan. a have you sure Make 19. April TUESDAY, on vote you – York New support. should policy public that something not is greed of sake the for greed But rewarded. be should success business and Innovation control. under spending care health getting toward way long a go will all for Medicare control. of out are costs care Health Saturday. on Vatican the at met Sanders Bernie Sen. and Francis Pope and action take to Congress on call and families, their and veterans our Join @TulsiGabbard: RT veterans. for benefits cut to efforts latest the reject firmly must we and war, of cost a is veterans our of care Taking benefits. those deserve and earned veterans Our bill. GI the cut shouldn't We … económica justicia y moralidad de mensaje su agradece y Papa al visita .@BernieSanders @UniPolitica: RT : and calls million 2 reach Let’s effort. grassroots strong a need we’ll but York, New win can We in. believe to future a build to again time our it's York: New like. looks compassion what all us showed and Lesbos visited Francis Pope morning, this Vatican the left we After Bern! The Feels County Montgomery @BenJealous: RT arms. open with refugees welcome to call his heed should we and Americans as us inspire should love of acts Francis' Pope https://t… Rico: Puerto de deuda la con hacer qué @Residente a explica le @BernieSanders EXCLUSIVA: @UniNoticias: RT Street Wall And Firms Fuel Fossil Walmart, Represented Have That Lobbyists From Money Raising Clinton Report: New … 19th! April Tuesday, is primary NY today. @BernieSanders for volunteering peeps young of Lots @kalpenn: RT here: it submit and Bernie for voting you're why about video a Make ad! Bernie next the of part be to you want We charges. for pay to fail they when companies insurance with fighting more no and deductibles more no copays, more no means all for Medicare https:/… revolution. political his and himself depicting installations view to gallery art NYC a by stops .@BernieSanders @DannyEFreeman: RT weekend? this hour an for voters call to help your on count we Can Tuesday. on polls the to go voters York New country. major any of turnouts voter lowest the of one has democracies, oldest the of one States, United the that sad extremely is It … in TODAY hall town our at today aloha say and Come @TulsiGabbard: RT country. the across but cities, two or one in just Not hour. an bucks 15 to wage minimum the raise to need We today? voters call help you Can York. New into calls million 2 weekend: this for goal audacious very a set We him. with time some spend to I and wife my for honor real a was It Francis. Pope with meet to opportunity the had I … too!" day beautiful a Tuesday make "Let's @BernieSanders: day!" beautiful a "It's Park: Bridge Brooklyn in Man @Yamiche: RT else. anyone with journey this on embarked have not could I board. sounding a and soulmate a is .@janeosanders https:… . in Houses Howard of tour a on I &amp; @RitchieTorres @JumaaneWilliams, joining for @BernieSanders thank I @BPEricAdams: RT earthquakes. devastating these from recover they as Japan and Ecuador of people the with solidarity and condolences our express We address. to got have we that America over all and York New in crisis housing affordable an is There http… "historic." is visit his says Torres Ritchie Councilman Bklyn. Brownsville, in housing public tours .@BernieSanders @DannyEFreeman: RT housing. dilapidated in live to forced be not should people world, the of history the in country wealthiest the In here: live to in Tune support! your for @SallyKohn you Thank you! Thank yet. rally largest our – Brooklyn Park, Prospect to out came 28,356 Whoa! @TheLastWord @anniekarni Brownsville. in housing @NYCHA touring for @BernieSanders you Thank @RitchieTorres: RT … @TulsiGabbard 📷 BETTER!" THE FOR -- US OF ALL FOR country this transform can "We @sallykohn: RT consciousness. raising substantially for movement Matter Lives Black the to gratitude of debt a owe We end). the ’til minutes five the around sticking worth it’s yeah, (And, you for message a has .@SpikeLee crumbling? is Flint in system water our but Iraq in war a fighting dollars of trillions spending are we that happen it does How Garner Erica — system." justice criminal the against up go to scared not He's protester. a is "Bernie accountable. GE hold and up it clean must We River. Hudson the into chemicals dangerous dumped GE years, 30 For forward. move to DAPA allow should Court Supreme The steps. first good are actions immigration president’s The York. New to Pennsylvania from gas fracked carry would that Pipeline Constitution proposed the oppose strongly I support. his for him thank I justice. social for fight the in clout celebrity his used has .@MrDannyGlover fuels. fossil from divest schools their demanding for NYU and Columbia at students the with solidarity in stand us Let htt… president. next our as him support to prouder feel couldn't I justice. to commitment a shared long have I and Bernie @mrdannyglover: RT Watch: Brooklyn. in up growing about me with talks @BernieSanders Yorker New Original @MarkRuffalo: RT compasión. la de significado el todos a mostró nos y Lesbos a viajó Francisco Papa el Vaticano, al visita nuestra de Después crisis. housing affordable the address to ever than determined more away came I Brownsville. visited I Sunday, On vote. to plan a Make history. political modern in upset shocking most the be it’d tomorrow, York New in win we If ago. hours four steps 10,000 hit We Queens. in around walking .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT day. all Yorkers New meeting been Bernie's Astoria, through and Heights Jackson to Bronx, the to Manhattan, From Street. Wall to speech one in did Clinton Sec. than Senator a as year one in less made I that is returns tax my in find you'll What … @BernieSanders con tuve que conversación la comparto Acá Sanders. Bernie and Residente between conversation A @Residente: RT City: Island Long in supporters York New addresses .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT tomorrow polls to head voters before City Island Long in @BernieSanders for rally York New Final @LaurenBlanch12: RT htt… tonight @BernieSanders w spirit that felt I justice. social for community beloved a building was King Dr. ago yrs 50 @mrdannyglover: RT world. the throughout and Haiti in but States, United the in only not wage minimum the increase must We refugiados. a abiertos brazos de recibir y llamado su escuchar a estadounidenses los a inspirar deben Francisco Papa del amor de actos Los families. their and wounded those of all to condolences deepest my send I today. Jerusalem in attack terrorist horrific the condemn I justice. face must responsible those and end an to come must that violence of cycle a continue attacks These that. of part a be to want I before. never like people energizing is .@BernieSanders @RitchieTorres: RT PM. 9 at close Polls vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — York New at up it look or location and time voting your find to 82623 to NY Text today! vote you York: New PM. 9 las a cierran casillas Las votar. a amigos y familia tu a Lleva movimiento! nuestro por votar de turno tu ¡Es — York Nueva vote. to out get York New in supporters Bernie sure make Help vote! and there out get to shot your away throw Don't York! New morning, Good @janeosanders: RT York! New in today Sanders Bernie Vote important. is Bernie for vote single Every now: voters York New to calls Make York! New win to today help your need We https:/… everywhere. injustice Fight canvass. I while me following words @es_snipes find to Happy @BKforBernie: RT vote. Go revolution! political the of part is State Empire the that clear it make let's — York New democracy? in participate to people for hard so it making we are Why disgrace. a is This @kartpath: RT us. stop can that nothing nothing, nothing, is there united are people When America. transform to time the is Now nationwide. fracking out phase to need we air, clean and water drinking clean and safe about serious are we If imagen! esta comparte y ¡Escribe NY? de Primaria la en hoy Bernie por ¿Votaste image! this share and Use ? NY the in today Bernie for Voting heard. voice your Make America. in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The today. vote you York: New hotline. our Call issues? or Questions family. and friends your Bring vote. to turn your it's York, New brutality. police ended we time It's louder. grown only have chants The justice. no have still we killed was Gray Freddie after year One information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text York! New in vote and out get to time have still You vote! and out Get time!! have Still NY! ET pm 9 at close Polls @kendrick38: RT ad! Bernie next the our in be to it submit and Bernie, support you why us telling video a Make ht… there. in Hang you. needs Bernie LINE. IN STAY 9pm by line in you're If open! still are Polls @Latinos4Bernie: RT week. next voting states more five to Onward York! New in tonight out came who those all to you Thank Unacceptable. decimated. been have housing affordable build that programs federal decade, past the Over revolution art an inspired Sanders Bernie How @Salon: RT poverty. in lives week a hours 40 works who nobody where economy an create can we world the of history the in country wealthiest the In support. your for 1999 Local Steelworkers United you, Thank Tubman. Harriet than honor this of deserving more hero American an of think cannot I class. billionaire the to up stand to guts the and agenda the record, track the has who candidate a is today need we What suit. follow to begin will states other hope I yesterday. forfeiture civil abolishing by direction right the in step big a took Nebraska democracy. American of foundations the maintaining about serious are we if United Citizens overturn must We merch: union-made-in-America your Get revolution. political our fund helps store Bernie The lowest. the of one not world, the in turnouts voter highest the of one have country our see to want I boldly. act to have we and now, act to have We crisis. planetary a is change Climate national. that make must We hour. an $15 wage minimum their made have who America across states and cities have we Today right. and left off ripped getting are We fact. a just That's drugs. prescription for world the in price highest the far by pay We location. polling your find to visit Please person. in vote early and register to day last the is today – Maryland … Pennsylvania Scranton, in hall town in" Believe to Future "A holds @BernieSanders LIVE: @MSNBC: RT how. out find to visit Please Bernie. for vote to online register to chance last your is today – Connecticut there. up growing like was it what about talked and York New Brooklyn, through walk a took Bernie and .@MarkRuffalo yours: Submit YOU! historic: campaign this makes what of videos include to want and ad new a making We're Smile! revenge. taking with obsession unhealthy Emanuel’s Rahm be to appears removal LaRaviere's Troy Principal Chicago for explanation only The pettiness. Emanuel’s Mayor against up stand to country the around Democrats on call and reassignment LaRaviere’s Principal condemn I shift: a for up Sign can. we as voters many as to talk to goal huge a setting we’re and Tuesday on vote states Five @JoeBiden President Vice - can.” we because more,’ much do can ‘We saying, of idea the like “I greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and planet our destroying literally is industry fuel fossil the of greed The there. get to plan a us show but coverage, care health universal of idea the to commit only not should candidates all and Clinton Sec. Americans. all for right a is care health where nation a create can We world. the of history the in country wealthiest the are We have. we know we potential the fulfill we which in nation a envision to courage the having about is campaign This workers: the Support tax. income federal pay not and jobs outsource benefits, health employees' cut to wants Verizon celebrate! who brothers and sisters my to Passover Happy grandchildren. and kids our of all for planet livable healthy, a leave to together work Let's ! Happy Center. Detention Family Berks the down shut to Time families. up locking of business the in be shouldn't gov't The https:/… picture a for staff Asks # at troops to monuments visiting of point makes .@BernieSanders @maryaliceparks: RT tax. carbon a enact and change climate fight to action bold take must We enough. not but step important an is deal climate Paris the Signing right. exactly is president vice The home. as know they country the in be legally to right the deserve who kids American – are they who for DREAMers recognize should We disgrace. national a is This States. United the in homeless are people 565,000 almost night, given any On years. 15 or 10 just not permanently, affordable remain should subsidies government with built is that Housing https:… center detention immigrant family Pennsylvania down" shut to "time it's says Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT today. food buy to money enough have not do they because tonight dinner skip may seniors American million 4 nearly is reality sad The today? it do we can't hell the why ago, years 50 it do could We tuition-free. be must America in education university and college Public 1863. in address famous his delivered Lincoln Abraham President where site the visited Bernie Jealous Ben and Glover Danny featuring rally holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT https… envisioned: have would Lincoln what not PACs Super says @BernieSanders Gettysburg, At WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT lenders. just not and borrowers for work industries credit and banking the make to reform score credit real need We stop Baltimore during declares Sanders sentence,’ death a is ‘Poverty @WPJohnWagner: RT vote. to right the exercise to choose you if people powerful enormously are you of All in. it rein to order in justice for up standing us of all take will it and country, this on scourge a is greed Corporate here: Register you! on counting I'm vote. to register to days few a got only you've – Oregon injustice. and inequality stark of economy an and politics broken and corrupt with satisfied longer no are youth Our countries. low-wage to go jobs their see not and benefits, decent wages, decent earn to deserves country this of class working The unsustainable. and immoral as economy this of foundations the reject must we little, so have many so and much, so have few so when time a At ideas. their on based people elect to right the have should we democracy, a In auctions. be not should Elections speech. free not is Money endorsement. their for Workers Electrical United the of members 35,000 the thank I Center. Detention Family County Berks the down shut to overdue long is it time the that me to clear It's Island. Rhode Providence, of streets the on supporters greets Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT fiction. pure coal: clean like is fracking Safe grandchildren. our and planet, our NY, for win A today! Reading in conversation and kickoff canvassing our for out came who everyone to Thanks system. care health Medicare-for-all a need We country. this in provided is care health how in revolution a need We immoral. is it wrong, only not is That earn. workers typical what times 300 over make America in corporations largest the of CEOs the Today, employees. his for radical too is hour an bucks 15 Yet million. $8 nearly to million $ from up go pay his saw CEO McDonald's 2015, In strength. is It intelligence. is It weakness. not is war a avoid to can we everything doing and Diplomacy priorities. national our change to going are we sisters, and Brothers movement: our Join us. Not Street. Wall and billionaires from checks with campaigns their funding are opponents Our percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as nearly owns percent 1 of one-tenth top the grotesquely, and Unbelievably, it! miss Don't ET. 8PM at TONIGHT @BernieSanders with hall town a hosts .@chrislhayes @allinwithchris: RT Philadelphia. of people working the not taxes, their in increase an see who top on people the be should It https://t.… wealthy. the on taxes raising by Philadelphia in preschool universal finance to sense more much make would It @GunnelsWarren: RT veterans. disabled and seniors for benefits Security Social cut not will we no, Republicans: the tell must we clearly, and Loudly https:… @MaxEhrenfreund via shows, poll politics, about think millennials how changing is Sanders @WPJohnWagner: RT doctor. a to go to money the finding about worry to have shouldn't you sick, you're When country. this in change for agents greatest the been have Americans young of idealism and intelligence energy, The issues. real about talk to unwillingness an and bites sound six-second is media for model The shameful. is This poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical a is it believe don’t I vote: to plan a Make tomorrow! vote you – Island Rhode and Pennsylvania Delaware, Connecticut, Maryland, making. the in history join and location voting your to Get vote. we today — Island Rhode and Pennsylvania Delaware, Connecticut, Maryland, location. your for 82623 to FIND Text Bernie? for vote to where know Don't today! vote you DE: and MD CT, RI, PA, you. to do them have would you what others to do religions: great the all in exists which vision a by motivated I'm issue. that address must plan care health Any care. health without Americans of millions of tens leave to unjust and immoral It's vote: is DE or MD CT, RI, PA, in live you if today do can you thing important most The campaign. people’s a is This revolution. political a into country this lead to going are you world the tell and forward go – Pennsylvania polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can win. will we turnout, voter large a is there If image! this share and Use today? primary DE or MD CT, RI, PA, the in today Bernie for Voting people. the for and people the by people, the of government a create to day primary this on vote Go vote! go and friend a Grab all. it have cannot class billionaire the clear and loud say to going are we Today, Bernie. for vote go and location voting your for 82623 to FIND Text vote! go to time have still you DE: and MD CT, RI, PA, revolution! political our for voting and out turning for you thank Island: Rhode Nothing. utopian. or pie-in-the-sky is that campaign this in said we've nothing is there something: you tell me Let situation. economic anyone’s of regardless all to available be should education An diploma. school high new the is degree college A change. must That transgender. being for housing someone deny to or gay being for someone fire to legal is it states, many In crimes. non-violent for destroyed been have lives many Too sentencing. minimum end to need We together. families keep to need we and country our in immigrants undocumented of millions the for citizenship to path a provide to need We direction. wrong the in gone has it Unfortunately, the in wealth of redistribution massive a been there's decades few last the In here: live in Tune rally. Indiana Bloomington, the at at stage the take to about is Bernie America. transforming about is it significantly, more Far president. a electing about just not is election This you. about is This Trump. Donald or Clinton Hillary Sanders, Bernie about not is This people. of millions of made movement a is This nurses. than lower rate tax effective an paying up end billionaires where situation a have don’t we so tax income progressive a need We right. a as care health guarantee would system Medicare-for-all A insurance. health no have still Americans million 29 unions. empowering and workplaces safe creating to recommit and conditions, working unsafe to lost we've those remember we Today you. on count We will. Never have. Never money. for billionaires and millionaires hustling around go don't We here: live in Tune Rally. In Believe to Future Oregon Eugene, the at stage the taking is Bernie Bernie. for vote to 10 May Tuesday, by Democrat a as vote to registered be must you remember, Mexico: New change. a for Time year. a $118,500 makes who someone as Security Social into money of amount same the pays billionaire a now Right billionaires. of handful a from government our back take to people our mobilize can we whether is about is campaign this What here: Start campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling win? Bernie help to Want 18. over everyone for registration voter automatic for fight will they that clear it make gotta has Party Democratic The https:/… Lowest Has @BernieSanders While Latinos, with Unfavorables Highest Has @realDonaldTrump Candidates: of Poll National @LatinoUSA: RT responsibly. it do will I but nation, this defend will I commander-in-chief, and president As percent. 1 the just not us, of all for works that economy an create to going are we millionaires, to breaks tax giving of Instead fracking. ban must We communities. poor hurts Fracking knew. already we what admits industry fracking The Street? Wall and Pharma Big or poor the and sick the with stand gonna you are is: polls the at yourselves ask gotta you’ve question The jobs. manufacturing paying good 113,000 lost has Indiana 1994, in NAFTA of passage the Since reminder: a for up Sign 3. May Tuesday, this Bernie for vote you – Indiana Bernie. for Oregon winning to committed are you that class billionaire the show let’s – Oregon https:… @SenSanders trade!" on that blame can you and empty, plants shattered, towns see you &amp; state this around "Look @steelworkers: RT today: ago year a candidacy presidential his announced Sanders Bernie @ThisWeekABC: RT president. for campaign my endorsing for 1999 Local @SteelWorkers United thank to want I politics. presidential of history the in campaign grassroots largest the become have we Together, workers: with Stand abroad. jobs American 2,100 move to wants – company dollar multi-billion a — Technologies United here: deadline FEC midnight our before in Chip revolution. political our for day important very a is Today in. it rein to order in justice for up standing us of all take will it and country, this on scourge a is greed Corporate hungry. go country this in children while breaks tax huge get to continue can’t you class: billionaire the to message clear a sending are We in? you count we Can Indiana. in Bernie for delegate and vote possible every win to hard working We're percent. 1 top the to gone has crash Street Wall the since income new all of percent 58 when wrong profoundly something is There it. afford not could they because filled prescriptions their get not could Americans million 35 year, Last lobby. industry drug the to up stand to willing aren’t officials elected their because just medication without go shouldn't People . Happy day. every for strive all should we something and economy, moral and just a of heart the at are rights workers and wages Fair countries. low-wage to go jobs their see not and benefits decent wages, decent earn to deserves country this of class working The forward: path and success our discuss we as in Tune ago. year a campaign this of beginning the announced We Bernie! for voting to committed you're know us Let 10. May Tuesday, on day primary from away weeks 2 than less We’re margins. the at tinkering by that get gonna not we're And change. real need We enough. not is quo status the reality: the Here's here: live in Tune rally. a for Indiana Bend, South in is Bernie work. for looking are millions while China to jobs our sending continue can’t you clear: and loud America corporate to say must We Street. Wall on gambling reckless not cars, and homes purchase to need who Americans to loans affordable providing about be should Banking tax. speculation Street Wall a with tuition-free universities and colleges public attend country this in kids help to Street Wall want I products. financial esoteric on gambling by possible as profit much as making about be shouldn't It again. boring banking make to want I dign… the of issue the for also but unemployed, adults young of rate high the of because labour, of problem grave the is There @Pontifex: RT marginales. pasos dando obtener a vamos lo no Y transformador. cambio un Necesitamos pésima. es actual situación la verdad: la es Esta few. so by controlled is wealth that of much when families working to nothing means that but earth, on country richest the in live We next.” the politics of out money big get to vow and day one system finance campaign broken a exploit cannot "You abroad. jobs of millions shipping they're while programs social cut to trying corporations large of tired and Sick fund. they candidates the and class billionaire the on take can we together stand people when that is showing is campaign this What history. primary Democratic Indiana in turnout voter biggest the it make Let's 3. May tomorrow, vote you – Indiana h… Indy Downtown in rally @BernieSanders at crowd of 2/3 (maybe) capture only panos these Surprisingly, @MichaelAdams317: RT hour. an $15 to wage starvation a from wage minimum the raising by workers American million 53 than more of wages the increase to need We status! registration vote-by-mail your Check primary. 7th June the before Bernie for EARLY VOTE can you California: PM. 6 at close Polls vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your it's — Indiana now: right polls the to out voters get to calls Make today! well do to help your need We years. 18 for American eligible every to owed benefit single every pay can and trillion $ than more of surplus a has Security Social Security. Social strengthen to little do and 15% about by benefits Security Social lifetime reduce would 70 to age retirement the Raising at up it look or location voting your find to 82623 to Indiana Text today! vote you Indiana: parties. state to money Fund" "Victory transfer campaign: Clinton the Tell ht… parties state the to money Fund Victory transfer Campaign: Clinton the tell turn! your petition, this signed just I @shailenewoodley: RT today. hour an $26 than more be would it 1968, since inflation and productivity with up kept had wage minimum the If @BernieSanders propone hora la $15 vivir", puede se que el con salario un crear a "Vamos @UniPolitica: RT you. Thank Indiana! in wins revolution political The $27: in Chip values. progressive for fight our continue will we that message powerful a sends contribution Your year. a billion $ over by programs other and housing public stamps, food on spending reduce would hour an $15 to wage min. the Increasing country. our in equity pay need we earns, man a dollar every for cents 79 earn workers women when time a At company. chemical huge this for booming is business – food in GMOs about know to right our against fights Monsanto why mystery no is It Virginia: West in voters call us Help today. politics American in change for force powerful most the we're Together, country. this of president become never must who someone Trump, Donald defeat and on take to than more like would I nothing is There win. would I confident am I him. beat to campaign best the we're and stopped, be must Trump sisters. and brothers undocumented our protect and embrace to immigrants, of country a as duty, our is It @npr @MorningEdition @BernieSanders with talk full our Read @NPRinskeep: RT poverty. in living are Americans million 47 world, the of history the in country wealthiest the today, States United the In here: Virginia West in Poverty on remarks my Read America. in sentence death a is poverty often, too Far poverty. in living children American of percent 22 almost with earth on country major any of rate poverty childhood highest the have We provider. care health mental a or dentist a doctor, a to access have to likely less are you means poverty in living today, America In change. to got has and unacceptable That's years. 85 is it away, hours six Just 73. is McDowell in woman a for expectancy life average The country. our for reality a it’s — slogan campaign a just not is This economics. establishment and politics establishment for late too is It neighborhood: your in canvass a Host up! coming is California in Action of Weekend Women's Our percent. 1 top the to going income new all almost seeing and wages lower for hours longer working of tired are people American The issues economic poverty, discuss to mcdowell visits sanders .@wvgazettemail: @cascamike: RT care health to approach right the has Sanders Bernie say doctors 2,000 @Wonkblog: RT interests. special wealthy and powerful on dependent being without campaign a run can you that world the showing We're future!! the about he's election, this about just not is @BernieSanders @iammrvandy: RT gender. their of regardless other each love to right the have should people country, this In Unidos. Estados a transformar de trata se — importante más mucho algo Es presidente. próximo al elegir de sólo tan trata se no elección Esta corporations. large just not workers, American of interests the protect that agreements trade for fight to got We've care health to approach right the has Sanders Bernie say doctors 2,000 @washingtonpost: RT voice. union a for vote to workers Canada VICE urge I job. the on people working of voices the and unions of role the strengthen must We Kasich? John of news under victory Bernie's bury @nytimes the did Why @Salon: RT America. in realized fully is equality of promise the until rights disability and rights gay rights, women’s for fight the pursue must We 🔥 and one The @kendrick38: RT nationwide. fracking out phase to need we air, clean and water drinking clean and safe about serious are we If tuition-free. universities and colleges public make to going are we world, the in workforce best-educated the need we when time a At States. United the in same the do should we people, their all to care health guarantees earth on country major every when time a At world! our change &amp; empower inspire, who the all to you Thank @amnesty: RT better. do must and can We underinsured. are numbers greater even and insurance health without remain Americans million 29 Today, countries. low-wage to move and country this in plants down shut to America corporate enabling policies trade disastrous the rewrite must We @BernieSanders! with interview @maddow's watch to 9pmET at tonight MSNBC to in Tune @MSNBC: RT earth. on country any than jail in people more have to us enables that system justice criminal broken a of tired are people American The unacceptable. is laws labor international undermine to attempt International's Air Norwegian time. on doctor a to get to afford can't they because country this in year every die who people of thousands have we that is reality sad The donors? right-wing Bush's Jeb courting you’re when people working for up stand to going you're say you can How neighborhood: your in canvass a Host up! coming is California in Action of Weekend Women's Our abortion. an have to right woman’s a including bodies, own their control to women of right fundamental the defend and protect must We Bernie. vote Trump, stop to want you If hours. non-traditional work who parents for especially families, working for childcare affordable quality to access ensure to need We disgraceful. are vote to not Virginians West asking remarks Trump's vote. to right a have us of all that sure make to died and fought People eso. cambiar de momento el Llegó año. al $118,500 ganó que alguien que Social Seguro al cantidad misma la paga multimillonario Un Bernie. for vote to 10 May Tuesday, by Democrat a as vote to registered be must you Mexico: New otherwise. prove States United the in lost jobs 850,000 recently. creator job a as NAFTA touted have Some here: online RSVP to sure Make tomorrow. Jersey New in rally a for me Join issues. real on discussions real hear to entitled are people American the maybe nation, a as that think they if media the ask gotta have We lucro. de fines con cárceles las con acabar Debemos campaign: our Join happen. gonna Ain’t president. being Trump about nervousness is there know I @JaneOSanders! to Day Mother's Happy workers. non-union than more substantially earn benefits and wages higher for bargain collectively to able are who Workers union. a form to country the across workers for easier it make and rights bargaining collective expand to need We system. care health Medicare-for-All a through child and woman, man, every for right a care health make to need We questions? any Have ballot? your in turned you Have Primary. Democratic Oregon the for period voting the in We’re City! Atlantic to revolution political the bring Bernie watch to now in Tune well. as succeed to need they what have workers that ensuring means economy energy clean a to Transitioning Registration! Voter about talk to HQ Angeles Los our by stopping for @Francesca_E and @Frances_Fisher to Thanks change. incremental than more demands revolution our that tomorrow message unmistakable an send – Virginia West here: Register revolution. political the for vote to Democrat a as register to day last the is TOMORROW – Mexico New @colbertlateshow. the to EST 11:35pm at tonight in Tune law. outrageous this overturn to can I all do will I world. the in place no has discrimination Transgender 7! June on Bernie for vote to ballot Democratic a request or Democrat a as registered you're sure make – California here: RSVP and details See Sacramento! in tonight rally our to forward Looking place: polling your to get to plan a Make revolution. political the for vote to turn your is tomorrow Virginia: West https://… at it into getting really are supporters LIVE: WATCH @CBSSacramento: RT vote. go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your it's and open are polls the — Virginia West plan: my Read 2025. year the by the in epidemic HIV the ending of goal national a set will I president, As system. care health universal a create and nation industrialized major other every join to time It’s … Anything! Me Ask Sanders. Bernie by endorsed and WA-07, in Congress for running Jayapal, Pramila I'm @PramilaJayapal: RT initiative. this supporting by can California of people the Pharma, Big to up stand to failed has Congress While register: to here Check Democrat. a as register to day last the is Today Bernie? for voting on planning – Mexico New Act Relief Price Drug CA endorses @BernieSanders BREAKING: @AIDSHealthcare: RT vote! go is today do can you thing important most single the – Virginia West up. us dividing trump always will together people bringing that understand people American The Trump. beat to candidate strongest the is Bernie clear: be to continues Polling Enough’ Good ‘Not Proposal Buy-In Medicare Clinton’s Sanders: @bpolitics: RT visit or location voting your find to 82623 to WV Text vote! go to time have still you Virginia: West leave. medical and family paid of weeks 12 least at has country this in worker every that sure make to need We today. us gave they victory tremendous the for Virginia West of people the to you Thank economy. productive job-creating the in invests Street Wall that demand and Glass-Steagall, restore banks, too-big-to-fail up break must We margins. large extraordinarily by often and Trump, Donald against Clinton Hillary out-polled has Bernie months, For Bernie? for ballot your in turned you Have primary. Democratic the for period voting the in you're – Oregon registration. your update or vote to register to time the Now's corner. the around just is primary California The taxes. of share fair their paying start gonna are country this in people wealthiest the inequality, income and wealth massive of time a At Trump. Donald beat to suited best is campaign Our votes. Independent the of lot a get we votes, Democratic the of lot a get we do only Not $15. of wage living a to wage minimum the raise must We hour. an $12 or $10 $7, on by it make cannot they that us telling are Workers Montana Billings, in rally campaign a holds @BernieSanders Now: Live @MSNBC: RT Street. Wall on tax speculation a imposing by that for pay and tuition-free universities and colleges public make to need We poverty. in live should week a hours 40 working country this in person no that say to idea radical a not is It Security. Social expand to going we’re savings, retirement no have workers older all of half over when time a At all. for care health guarantee and made has it that improvements the on expand must we ACA, the gutting of Instead Bernie. that's him, beat to Democrat strongest the want you If Trump. of ahead way us has poll every Virtually https:/… Status. Protective Temporary EXTEND America. Central in violence the fled who families PROTECT deportations. STOP @janeosanders: RT people. of millions of revolution political a need We class. middle the rebuild to takes it what do can alone president no that is truth The America. Central fled who those to Status Protective Temporary extending by families protect to authority executive his use to @POTUS urge I today! Dakota South across rallies wonderful the for @BernieSanders you Thank @SoDakDems: RT vote. to opportunity and time the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election promises. those keep will we president elected If community. American Native the to debt great a owe We país. este de presidente ser debe jamás que alguien Trump, Donald a vencer y enfrentar que más gustaría me Nada margins. large very by him defeat will I and him, defeat to going I'm nominee, Democratic the am I If Trump: for news bad some got I've . and drilling offshore ban to need we why That's rare. aren't one this like Spills nurses. than rate tax lower a paying from managers fund hedge stop to rules the change will I president, As 17. May Tuesday, on 8 by dropbox nearest the at Bernie for ballot your in turn – Oregon equity. pay for fight the in sisters our with stand must we Brothers, issue. that address must plan care health Any care. health without Americans of millions of tens leave to unjust and immoral It's country. major any of turnouts voter lowest the of one has democracies, oldest the of one States, United the that sad extremely is It there. up growing like was it what about talked and York New Brooklyn, through walk a took Bernie and .@MarkRuffalo today? it do we can't hell the why ago, years 50 it do could We tuition-free. be must America in education university and college Public no-violentos. crímenes de causa a destruidas sido han vidas Demasiadas obligatorias. mínimas sentencias con acabar Debemos children: and women of deportations and raids for plans halt to authority executive his use to Obama President Ask miners. coal retired 90,000 for funds pension save to legislation support to McConnell Mitch challenge Bernie Watch https://… McConnell. Mitch Sen and Bevin Matt Gov against railing by rally Kentucky train-side his begins .@BernieSanders @DannyEFreeman: RT 17. May Tuesday, on 8 by dropbox nearest the at Bernie for ballot your in turn – Oregon it. take they it, make We – economy rigged a with problem the Here's live. to place secure and safe a has everyone sure make can we Street, Wall out bail could we If homelessness. of crisis the address must We drugs. prescription their of cost high outrageously the of because bankrupt going of fear in live not should HIV/AIDS with living Americans succeed. it help to you like people needs movement Our involved. deeply be must us of all campaign, this win To Trump beat to Clinton Hillary than potential more has Sanders Bernie Polls: @AJENews: RT union. a form to workers American for harder, not easier, it make to going are we it, like not may brothers Koch the and Republicans While America. in racket prison for-profit the end must We bars. behind Americans more keeping by profit a make to allowed be not should Companies win. to allowed be cannot they war a is That country. this over all unions dismantle to war a waging been has wing right extreme The strong. is class middle the strong, are unions When Americans. all of rights bargaining collective the eliminate, not expand, to need We Californians. support and me join to Trump and Clinton urge I Pharma. Big by off ripped be to than better deserve We Photo AP | plan care health Sanders-like supports Majority Poll: @politico: RT aquí: Juan San desde VIVO EN Estamos here. LIVE hall town Rico Puerto Juan, San our for in Tune now right in live @BernieSanders crisis." this solve not will "Austerity @julito77: RT citizens… American million the help can it Street, Wall out bail could Reserve Federal the If Rico: Puerto in Bernie @GunnelsWarren: RT act. to Fed the for time is It wealthier. even billionaires make to hungry go not will Rico Puerto in Children https:… PR! help to Federal for demand the reiterating for @BernieSanders you Thank @StandupforPR: RT here: Juan San from remarks full my Read funds. vulture by unjustly hijacked be cannot Rico Puerto of future The profits. huge reap can they that so pensions cut and teachers fire Rico Puerto that is demanding are Street Wall on funds vulture What Street: Wall de intereses los de encima por boricua pueblo al poner debe Federal Reserva La petición: mi Firma out. him let Obama: President to say I independence. Rico's Puerto to commitment his for prison in years 34 served has Rivera Lopez Oscar tomorrow. 8 by box drop nearest the at ballot your return to remember – Oregon voice. a deserve They long. too far for and much, too far suffered have Americans Native country, this over All buitre". "fondos a Rico Puerto en @BernieSanders Critica @AP_Noticias: RT island. the on measures austerity demanding for funds hedge 'vulture' blasts Sanders @AP_Politics: RT vote. and box drop or location polling your to Head movement. our for voted you've sure make to day your is today – Oregon and Kentucky vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Kentucky all for Medicare provide to How ICYMI: white. is population school the of less or percent one where nation, our in schools highly-segregated 6,727 are There diverse. economically and racially are schools our that ensure to more do must We 1988. in 2,762 was number That education. quality to access has race of regardless child every that ensure to work and Brown of promise the fulfilling to recommit must We now: voters to calls Make today! Kentucky and Oregon in win to today help your need We location: box drop your Find ballot. your return is today do can you thing important most single the – Oregon equivocada. dirección la en sido ha Desgraciadamente, Unidos. Estados en riqueza de redistribución gran una habido ha décadas últimas las En together. this in all are we simple: It's discrimination. of forms all end and sisters and brothers LGBTQ our with stand must We California: Southern to revolution political the bring we as LIVE in Tune victory! strong the for you Thank establishment. Democratic the of all virtually on taking are we together Oregon, in! people the Let doors. the Open them: to say I and decision important an make to has Party Democratic The us. about is campaign This me. about isn’t campaign This alone. this do can’t I one: day since it said I’ve Bernie: for vote to ready you're sure Make California. win to push final the of beginning the is This Fanning. Eric @SECARMY Congratulations, service. military any of leader openly-gay first the as States United the for moment historic A privilege. a not right, a is care health believe I again: it say me let so this, saying for attacked been have I class. working the win Party Republican the let we if damned be will I supporters California rallies @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT YA. actuar Debemos ellos. que importante más es Rico Puerto de Pueblo El bancarrota. su de St Wall a y Sachs Goldman a rescató Washington raise. a without long too gone have who workers of millions for forward step good a are rules overtime new The … SF downtown in protest 87 Local SEIU union, janitors' 2, Local LIVE UNITE the by stopped just .@BernieSanders @ElizLanders: RT counted. is ballot last the until this in are We tie! virtual night's last to led that support tremendous the for you thank Kentucky, greed! corporate against standing for Francisco San in SEIU and HERE! UNITE at sisters and brothers my to you Thank here: California , to live in Tune … detectors. metal the through in filing still People crowd. CA Vallejo, @BernieSanders this out Check @DannyEFreeman: RT industry. the pad to money taxpayer provide to absurd is It companies. fuel fossil benefit that subsidies the end will I president, As incarceration. and jails more not people, young our for education and jobs in investing be should country Our lobby. drug the challenge won't politicians because sick get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans now: right it Do Monday. by register gotta have you revolution, political the for vote to want you if – California tax. fair reasonable a paying without families their to wealth their of all virtually leave can families billionaire that unacceptable It's Comments Clinton’s on Statement Campaign Sanders shift: a for up Sign impact. huge a have we'll Californians, call to hour an in puts Bernie supports who everyone If people. million up locking year a billion $80 Earth. on country other any than jail in people more have we Nationally, dignity. and security with living are you week a hours 40 working you’re if that so hour, an $15 of wage living a need We America. in them manufacture better well damn they products, their buy to us want they if that America corporate tell to got have We ICYMI: race. the into got we before even Clinton backed superdelegates 450 that undemocratic and strange It's campaign! inspiring Truly revolution. political the powering is @BernieSanders how highlighting We're @drew_mc: RT unacceptable. is quo status the that say to back fight and up stand together, come people when is place takes change way only The app: new our with friends your Text movement. our in involved people of millions getting by starts revolution The pay. better and respect recognition, have to deserve They America. in work important most the doing are Teachers it. afford can’t they because so do cannot Act Leave Medical and Family the under off time take can who workers ten of out eight Nearly Rico! Puerto of fate the determine to Republicans by handpicked board control unelected an allow cannot We deserve. they that dignity and respect the with Rico Puerto of people the treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop must We Street. Wall de multimillonarios los no Rico, Puerto de futuro el decidir a derecho el tiene boricua pueblo el Sólo Mexico. and Germany like places in world the over all exists It idea. radical a not is college public Tuition-free planet. the than important more not are profits their them tell and industry fuel fossil the to up stand will who president a needs America Connect. Join media. social using supporters other with message our amplify Help him. at looking you're November, in Trump defeat gonna who's Democrat a want you If agree: polls the all Nearly Mexico New in campaigns @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT … more. and contests primary upcoming the on @BernieSanders interview will @jaketapper : on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT too! Mexico New win gonna we’re 7, June on help your with and states, 20 in victories had now have we today, of As elections. buying billionaires Not vote. one person, one is It process. complicated a not is Democracy that. do to candidate strongest the am I and defeated, be must He country. this for disaster a be would Trump Donald that agree all We do. will we what precisely is that But change. climate combat to aggressively move cannot we that us tells industry fuel fossil The Mexico. and the between families separated for place meeting a Park, Friendship at Bernie nation. a as this understand must We issue. health a is it issue, criminal a not is – abuse drug or alcoholism – abuse Substance fundraising… fancy these to go supporters my of all not that is understand to got has leadership Dem the "what .@BernieSanders: @CNNSotu: RT super… of 7% &amp; elections real contests, real from come that delegates the of 46% get I when absurd something "There’s Sanders: @CNNSotu: RT as… her re-appoint not will he president elected is he if says and Schultz Wasserman Rep. of opponent endorses .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT … Trump. Donald defeat best could candidate which consider to superdelegates asks .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT win. Democrats numbers, large in vote to out turn and up stand people When win. Republicans vote, to out come don’t people When sisters! and brothers together, this in are We @Tim_Canova: Support money. its taking by system corrupt a change cannot we know who representatives need We families. divide not families, unite to be should immigration to approach Our policies. deportation current our end to going we're Together, now: it Do Tomorrow. by register to have you June, in Bernie for vote to want you if – California tuition-free. colleges public make to need We anymore. grade 12th to kindergarten being education public about talk to enough good not is It today! Store Bernie the at collection poster edition limited the Shop hurting. are People struggling. are People work. to get to gas the for pay to going are they how about worried are Americans many Too @SenSanders… to next standing was I say to get I'll ?" the during daddy you were "Where ask, kids my When @cenkuygur: RT families! their for bread buy to struggle Americans while breaks tax more get gonna not are they that class billionaire the tell gonna We're disagree! strongly I all. for healthcare and education provide cannot we that think to small, think to you wants media Corporate possible. it making activism grassroots and excitement, energy, your It’s Trump. defeat to campaign best the are we that reason the are You now: right Register TODAY! by registered be must you 7th June on Bernie for vote to – California education? college a getting for people our punishing we are why So economy. global competitive a in living are we that knows Everybody https://t… California en campaña intensifica fronteriza, valla la en deportados con .@BernieSanders @LaOpinionLA: RT together! this in are We mistaken. are you interests, powerful the on take to able be will alone Bernie that thinks anyone If Angeles: Los East to revolution political the takes Bernie as LIVE in Tune here: Register Bernie! for vote to TODAY independent or Democrat a as registered be must you Dakotans: South now: Register 7th! June on California in Bernie for vote to register to LEFT HOURS FEW a Only primary. largest the before debate to unwillingness Clinton’s Secretary by surprised not but disappointed am I https:/… TONIGHT! 11:59PM is Registration Voter CA for deadline The left! hours few a have voters California @mrdannyglover: RT now: right here Register left. hours few a Only Bernie! for vote to register to time much isn't there – California States. United the in here security and freedom them give to is job our America, Central in countries war-torn from come children When insurance. health without living Americans million 29 is that tragedy the end can We small. not big, think to is you of beg I What wrong. That's other. the on mothers their and side one on children got you've that fact the was border US-Mexico the at saw I What demanding. all we're transformation social of kind the deliver to bolder and bigger think must We them: elect help to in Chip country. this across legislatures state for candidates progressive eight endorsing am I Clinton. Hillary than Trump against better doing me has months two last the in taken poll every Virtually time. vacation paid and time sick paid leave, family paid to access have country this in workers all that ensure to overdue long is time The ballot: the down and up progressives real support you Say presidency. the just isn't revolution political The … senate! state CA for campaign my endorsing for @BernieSanders you Thank @JaneKim: RT Riverside: in LIVE Bernie to in Tune Empire. Inland the to revolution political the taking is Bernie 7. June on Bernie for Vote ignore. can’t they message a send can you but Washington, to way long a it’s California, @BernieSanders _ You." You You It's Bernie. Bernie Bernie ain't It Bernie Bernie Bernie saying people appreciate "I @KThomasDC: RT country. this of future the shape help to want well damn they and country, this of future the are they that out figuring are people Young here: LIVE in Tune tonight. Bernardino San in rally our to out come have Thousands ! must we grandchildren, our for habitable is that planet a leaving about serious truly are we If faces. country this that crises major the address and debate to willing not is Clinton Sec. that California of people the to insulting is It @georgelopez: RT community. LGBT the of ally an as stand to proud am I America. in today continues equality for struggle The war. more not infrastructure, in invest to need We jobs. paying decent million 13 create could infrastructure in investment trillion $1 A … Rico. Puerto in crisis humanitarian the alleviate can it banks, Street Wall huge out bail can Fed the If @GunnelsWarren: RT here: City Cathedral in Rally in Believe to Future the at live Bernie Watch Act. Ground the in It Keep the supporting by change climate fight to me and @JeffMerkley with Partner peace. in Rest Moody. Marcia member Committee Steering NH our of passing the about hear to Saddened Americans. million 150 bottom the than wealth more own now people wealthiest twenty the when is economy rigged A future. the not past, the is bigotry their that realize should friends his and Trump Donald … Trump Donald with match-ups head-to-head multiple is @HillaryClinton outpolling actually is .@BernieSanders @nowthisnews: RT https… primaries upcoming in vote political American the &amp; @BernieSanders about w/@RollingStone did I article New @serjtankian: RT too: them support you Say country. the across legislatures state for progressives eight endorsed just Bernie percent. 90 bottom the as much as owns percent 1 of 1/10 top the when is economy rigged A https… deal real the 100% is @BernieSanders . I why reasons many the of 1 Just @MarkRuffalo: RT Pharma. Big to up stand Let's treatments. AIDS for prices lower would Act Relief Price Drug California The primary. 7 June the before California in Trump Donald debating to forward look I on. Game promise. a breaks Editorial: @sfchronicle: RT interests. special and wealthy the just not us, of all to belongs country This all! it have cannot you simple: is Street Wall to message Our name: your Add Act. Ground the in it Keep the through change climate of effects worst the preventing support you Say … out! miss Don't @BernieSanders! w/ Conversation Social A for PT ET/10:30a 1:30p at today in Tune @RevoltTV: RT Democrats: progressive supporting in me Join Senate. for @RussFeingold friend my endorse to proud am I Today https… @aterkel by ⏩ Feingold Russ candidate Senate progressive for fundraises Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT … @RevoltTV!! &amp; @VoteAmericaNow @BernieSanders w/ Conversation Social A for ET 1:30pm / PT 10:30am at today in Tune @iamdiddy: RT now: happening @RevoltTV and Bernie with conversation a to LIVE in Tune Americans. more up locking by money more make to incentive perverse a is It centers. detention and prisons corporate end to got have We possible. stadium biggest the in it do Let’s debate. to agreed has @realDonaldTrump that delighted am I LIVE: WATCH College. Ventura at rally campaign at speaks @BernieSanders Sen. Vermont @FOXLA: RT debate! policy the wins easily Sanders Bernie Why @JeffDSachs: RT here: RSVP PM. 4:30 at open Doors today. CA Pomona, to revolution political the taking We're percent. 99 bottom the as much as almost owns percent 1 top the where country a be to supposed not is America tragedy. a is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black four in one continue, trends current If wage! living a pay to cheap too are Waltons the because just America in family wealthiest the subsidizing be not should class middle The accountable. them hold to easier it make to officers enforcement law for cameras body require and fund federally to need We full. beds prison keep to order in detain, and jail arrest, to over-incentive an in result which profit, for prisons end to need We 7. June on primary California's before issues major the on a see to want you if name your Add https://… Bernie' With Conversation Social 'A during more &amp; Debt Student as such issues discussed .@BernieSanders @RevoltTV: RT California Pedro, San in rally a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT campaign. that are we badly, him defeat and Trump defeat can that campaign a want you If campaign: our and @RussFeingold with contribution a Split values. our share who leaders elect to need We poverty. in living be not should you week, a hours 40 work you If idea: radical a Here's grandchildren. and kids our for habitable and healthy planet this leave and change climate combat to responsibility moral a have We profits. in billions making is Pharma Big while medication their for pay to struggling are citizens senior that is matter the of fact The https:… 10! @ tonight appearance 11th his for back He's . some for @BernieSanders on count always can You @RealTimers: RT prison. not treatment, in up end they that so problems abuse substance with people for help in invest to need We @JaneOSanders! anniversary, Happy … anniversary. wedding candidate's the remembered rally Barbara Santa @BernieSanders this appears It @DannyEFreeman: RT Street. Wall a enfrentar y Rico Puerto a defender a dispuesto está candidato un Sólo right! they're and dollar damn whole the want Women men. to compared dollar the on cents 79 making are women why reason no is There want. people American the what exactly that’s – taxes of share fair their paying start powerful the and wealthy the that Demanding contributions. individual million 8 over received have we ago year one campaign this began we since that fact the by away blown am I involved. getting are people more and nerve, a striking are We turnout. voter large a is there because be it'll California, win we If @BernieSanders con @LeonKrauze de entrevista la con Comenzamos Punto! Al ¡Vamos @AlPunto: RT influence. to want they what and who exactly know They not. are they dummies – things many are donors interest Special Wealth Political His Spread To Looks Sanders Bernie: Like Be @nprpolitics: RT accomplish. can we what to limit no is there process, political the in engaged more become people American the If revolution! political a for ready is Bakersfield like Looks employers. by stolen wages their having they're instances some in and need they breaks work the getting aren’t today farmworkers many Too color. of people are Angeles Los in well gas or oil an of mile quarter a within live who people the of percent 91 well. fracked every for ground the into average, on water, clean of gallons 160K injecting are we drought, serious a in is California While voters: to calls making by win us Help 7. June on California in victory a of distance striking within We're 7. June on establishment political the from democracy our back take to time It's counts. vote every California, Trump a enfrentarse para opción mejor la es candidatura su que dice @BernieSanders @AlPunto: RT profits. more even make can companies fuel fossil of handful a so just water drinking toxic by poisoned be to children our allow not must We detention. in immigrants holding and up people locking year every profits breaking record making are centers detention for-profit Private, officers. immigration into officials enforcement law local turned have that profiling racial and programs deportation inhumane end must We country. great our for lives their sacrificed who members service the of all honor we Today it. for sacrifice ultimate the made have many and Constitution our defend to oath an take uniform in women and men Our resort. last the be always must it and battle, to daughters and sons our send to decision the lightly take never must We CA. in here Valley Central the in including collapsing, is infrastructure our country this over All tragedy. a is Flint in situation The familias nuestras a desgarran que deportaciones con acabará Sanders Bernie @LaOpinionLA: RT subsidies. any receive not do 62% bottom the while subsidies, farm of 75% collect farms of 10% top the that unacceptable is It resource. precious most our – supply water our to danger a is fracking that us tells evidence of body growing The @brandicarlile! from music and @TheSavionGlover @BernieSanders, with tonight’s miss Don’t @LateNightSeth: RT ends. one this how see to Excited wire! the to down coming It’s comebacks. like I California. in comeback great a off finished they Tonight, one. to games three down was State Golden week, Last change. climate combat to and clean water and air our keep to stewardship and conservation promoting in partners as farmers enlist must We lane. memory down trip a for us Join campaign. this of anniversary year one the marked week Last here: LIVE crisis care health our discuss Bernie Watch underinsured. or uninsured still are people million 60 Today conversation the join and Come 11am! at today AMA my for ready Getting @JaneKim: RT in? chip you Will primary. the of deadline FEC final the campaign: our of days important most the of one is Today more. do to got have we improvements, those with even But things. good some done has write, helped I which Act, Care Affordable The right? a as people all to care health guarantee to not earth on country major only the is States United the that happen it does How outcomes. worse far get and care health on nation other any of people the do than capita per more far spend to continue to sense no makes It big. think gonna We're what? know you Well, small. think us: tell establishment political the and media corporate-controlled the day, Every right. a as people all for care health guarantee and and Truman, , presidents of legacy the fulfill can we that think do I in: Chip deadline. FEC final today's before contributions their adding people are These here-htt… Live night. gorgeous a It's Monterey. in today rally 2nd @BernieSanders' at I'm votes! California until days 7 @maryaliceparks: RT here: RSVP Ratajkowski. Emily and Gabbard Tulsi Rep. guests with CA Alto, Palo in rally a for tomorrow Bernie Join established. ever programs government best the of one regarded widely Now Medicare. 1965? in medicine” “socialized called was what know You bankrupt. going about worrying without to need they when doctor the to go to freedom the have will everyone all, for Medicare pass we When fracking. than stronger differences our are area no In issues. many on opinion of differences have I and Clinton Secretary fracking. on ban nationwide a on together work will we president elected am I If fracking: on conference press our to in Tune country. this over all fracking to end an put to need We president. as for fight will I what exactly that’s And, period. – fracking on ban nationwide a implement to need We enough. good Not it. on regulations more few a impose simply would she Instead, fracking. on ban a support not does Clinton Sec. https… CA Alto, Palo in leaders Islander Pacific and Asian-American with talks @BernieSanders LIVE: @ABCPolitics: RT unacceptable. is That Halliburton. and Chevron like companies reward to world the throughout fracking export to worked Clinton Hillary Unacceptable. beaches. our harm and environment, the hurt fluid, toxic with ocean the pollute to potential the has fracking Offshore risk. at beaches California’s put cannot We lands. public on fuels fossil ALL of extraction end to Boxer Sen. with worked I Senate, the In ! Happy people. LGBT for equality for fight the and gender of regardless another one love to right the celebrate we month This Rico Puerto a descolonizar de hora la llegado Ha university? scam fake this found he would why by, get to hard working are who people about damn a gave Trump If well. as 49 other the in it end gonna we're it, about say to anything have I if and fracking end to state first the was Vermont of state The right. a be should education Higher universities. public at tuition free need we why demonstrates scam latest Trump's scams. predatory these down shut to hard work I'd and income of regardless education college a get can everyone sure make I'd president, As off? them rip to trying not by start you about How party.” “worker’s a into GOP the turn to going he’s says now Trump that laughable It’s . must We fracking. on ban nationwide a on together work will we president elected am I if be: can I as clear as be me Let place. 2nd in came which industry insurance the than more billion $1 Over lobbying. on billion $3 than more spent has Pharma Big 1998, Since @berniesanders @ozomatli: RT Act. Relief Price Drug California the for voting by can CA of people the Pharma, Big of greed the end to able been not has Congress While children. our for healthy planet our leaving than important more nothing is there beings, human as responsibilities our about talk we When eyes. own their with it see they because real is change climate that anyone than better understand Californians Trump, Donald Unlike Rico Puerto para referéndum y millones de ayuda propone Sanders Bernie @UnivisionPR: RT world. the around and the in problems devastating causing already it's and activity human by caused it's real, is change Climate conf.: press Live system. energy our transform to way bold a in move to got We've crisis. global a is change Climate society. into back path his and Wilson, Chris of story the is This drought. more is needs California that thing last the and drought, more even mean will it system, energy our transform boldly not do we If Tuesday! polls the to supporters Bernie get help and Mexico New and Jersey New California, in voters Call issue. this on leadership need: we what That's change. climate combatting in world the lead States United the that priority a it make will I instability. international increase will planet warming a that says CIA The change? climate combat to boldly act don't we if happens What laboral. fuerza su en 30% del reducción una en resultando empleos, 300,000 casi perdido ha Rico Puerto 2007, Desde percent. 30 than more by consumption water its reduce to CA Modesto, forcing record on driest the been have California in years 5 last The pensioners protect would that bill debt Rico Puerto offer to Sanders @ReutersBiz: RT profits. more even make can companies fuel fossil of handful a so just water drinking toxic by poisoned be to children our allow not must We advocated. have we that positions the of more adopting be to seems month after month Clinton Sec. that delighted am I that say to have I there! you see to Hope Viviana. today, Rosa Santa and Fairfield in be I’ll @ErikaAndiola Clout Sanders’ Shows Security Social Expand to Call Obama’s New: @sahilkapur: RT judgement. with Someone line. the down years 20 15, 10, future their about think will who president a need Americans do. to going we’re what exactly that’s support, your With Security. Social expand to want they us tell overwhelmingly people American The leadership. and academies training the in including communities, our of diversity the reflect that forces police need We nacional. vergüenza una es Esa Unidos. Estados en hogar tienen no personas 565,000 casi cualquiera, noche una En … contests. Tuesday's of ahead race the of state the discuss to @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders : on Sunday @CNNSotu: RT alone. not you're by, get to harder and harder it find but right everything doing you're If body. own your with do can you what dictating government the love they Then woman. a you’re unless – government the hate Republicans Fairfield in rally at speak to Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @nbcbayarea: RT lane. memory down trip a for us Join campaign. this of anniversary year one the marked week Last here: RSVP guests. musical special featuring concert GOTV a for Francisco San in Bernie Join money. their take not Street, Wall on take to is job Our In-N-Out! at experience California full the for going Bernie Security. Social cut to effort the back beat we movement grassroots extraordinary an Through https:/… visit: info more 4 4th. June tomorrow, Plaza Olympic LAMC's the at speak will @BernieSanders candidate Presidential @lacoliseum: RT humanity. and courage great of man a but athlete extraordinary an only not greatest, the was Ali Muhammad vote: to plan a have they sure make and can we supporter Bernie single every call simple: is weekend this task Our … Volunteer: @BernieSanders! Primary, California Tuesday's in luck Good @kalpenn: RT year. a $16,000 than less on by scraping seniors for annually $1,300 about by benefits increase would Security Social expand to plan My hug… be would CA movement that makes and movement progressive the for vote is gets @BernieSanders vote Every @cenkuygur: RT America. transform to fight and up stand to prepared are they when energized, are people when elections win Democrats and Progressives action: taking you’re sure make to day the Today’s stretch. final the in We’re https:/… Jan! since calls mil 70 over made have who vols the to shoutout huge a gives LA, in canvassing off kicks Bernie @clairesandberg: RT C-SPAN on ET 6pm at LIVE - Angeles Los in campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT Security. Social expanding for support historic his on Obama President applaud I … help!" your need We Tuesday. on election an "There's Park. Huntington of streets walking .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT message." a "send to them use not America, Central in violence from the to fleeing children protect must We the in living Americans aspiring million 11 the for citizenship to pathway a provide to can we all do must We Wilson Chris – in." grown just had mustache My 17. was I dreamer. a was I prison. in life my of half almost spent "I Coliseum. LA outside rally @BernieSanders at 13,500 than More @KThomasDC: RT well. fracked every for water clean of gallons 160K injecting are we drought, a in is California While win. Democrats and progressives against, just than rather for vote to something have people When ”… other in fracking pushed she it… ‘regulate’ can we thinks “She fracking: on wrong is Clinton says @BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT votar. a Salgan hoy. escuchadas ser deben voces sus Rico: Puerto en hermanos y Hermanas votar. de asegúrense y amigos y familia tu a Lleva movimiento. nuestro por votar de turno tu llegó — Rico Puerto votar. puedas que hasta ahí quédate votación, de centro el en estás ya Si voz! tu es voto ¡Tu — Rico Puerto bigotry. religious end to time is It enough. is enough say to time is It country. our across fracking to end an put to need We fracking? support and around turn you can how Flint, in water clean about care you If corporations. profitable to breaks tax give to than system school our and system water Flint the rebuild to important more is It message." a "send to way a as countries violent terribly to back children sending justifies opponent my that irresponsible It's families. immigrant of thousands deporting and up rounding involving tactics inhumane employ to continue cannot We answer. the not are Raids … more! &amp; @davematthewsbnd @BernieSanders, Francisco! San in 6th June on event this to added been just We've @brooklynyarn: RT plan: a Make 7. June tomorrow, vote you – Dakota North and Dakota South Mexico, New Jersey, New Montana, California, punishment. capital against I'm people. killing be should itself state the think don't just I world, the in already violence much so With brothers. and sisters Muslim our all to Mubarak Ramadan beings. human as prisoners treating start to is forward step first good A system. justice criminal our in change bold need We incarceration. mass from profit to allowed are corporations as long as that do cannot we but system, justice criminal our recreate must We information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text tomorrow! vote and out Get revolution? political a for Ready change. real need We economics. establishment for late too and politics establishment for late too is it because president for running am I location: voting your Find tomorrow? vote to ready you are ND: and SD NM, NJ, MT, CA, hotline. our email or Call issues? or Questions 7. June tomorrow, vote you – California vote. go Please politics. establishment for late too is it that country the Show open. are polls your – Jersey New and Dakota South politics. establishment old same old, same the not CHANGE, REAL for vote and out Go PM. 7 until open are polls your – Mexico New Bernie! Vote system. finance campaign corrupt a by place in held economy rigged a for settle Don't open. are polls your Montana: vote. Go billionaires. of handful a just not us, of all to belongs country this that message a send can you today – California vote. Go happen. it let gonna ain't we them show Let's votes. person every before early race this call wanna press political the and Pundits revolution! the for vote to turn your – Dakota North and Dakota South Mexico, New Jersey, New Montana, California, hotline. our Call Questions? movement. our for Vote ignore. can’t they message a establishment the send California: Llámanos. ¿Preguntas? movimiento. nuestro por Vota voz. tu ignorar podrá no establecimiento el Hoy California: them: elect Help @Clem4Congress. and @EricKingsonNY like allies progressive strong support to you asking I'm vote. go and friends your Grab establishment. the shock that'll turnout voter high a for reach and again pundits the Defy rights. farmworker's for activist and leader great Chávez, Helen of passing the on family Chávez the to condolences profound My campo. del trabajadores los de defensora y líder gran Chávez, Helen de fallecimiento el ante Chávez familia la a condolencias profundas Mis making. the in history Join win. will we turnout, voter large a there's If pm. 7 by caucus your to Get caucus. we today Dakota: North now: voters to calls Make today! NM and NJ MT, SD, ND, CA, in win to help your need We vote! and out Get close. polls before location voting your to run to time have still You Dakota! North you Thank today! Jersey New in revolution political the for vote to out came who supporters of thousands the to you Thank night primary on supporters California addresses Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT continues! struggle The all. you Thank – Montana Montana! and Jersey New Dakota, North Dakota, South California, Mexico, New you Thank TOGETHER. this in are We up. bottom the from happens it down, top the from happens never almost change that remember always must We bit. little a just changed has that think I year, last the Over campaign. fringe a be to considered were we campaign this began we When people. young of votes the numbers big in won we've state, every virtually in and votes million 11 over with elections state 22 won have We future. that shape help to intend they and America, of future the are they that understand people Young candidate. Republican the as Trump Donald with true especially is That government. our control to Republicans right-wing allow not will We president. become to Trump Donald allow not will We bigotry. is theme major whose candidate a support never will people American The against. just than rather for vote to something want People country. our transforming is It Trump. defeating just than more is mission Our percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as owns percent 1 of tenth top the that acceptable not is it that know people American The harmed. those of all and families victims' the with are thoughts My Aviv. Tel in attack terrorist yesterday's by horrified I'm percent. 1 top the to go to income new all of percent 57 allow won't we wages, lower for hours longer working are Americans of millions When together. coming coast to coast from people of Millions together. us of all is It Sanders. Bernie than more is it know all you But C-SPAN3 on shortly LIVE – DC Washington, in campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT percent. 1 the not us, for works that government a create to together people American the bring to is job Our tuition-free. colleges public make to need We anymore. grade 12th to kindergarten being education public about talk to enough good not is It https… it. kill to need We Partnership. Trans-Pacific the with edges the around tinker or amend can we that think don’t I @GunnelsWarren: RT children. all for system pre-K universal a to move to need we childcare, and start head cutting of Instead country. our in Americans nonviolent of over-incarceration the end must We Obama. President with meeting after days just @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders : on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT them. cut not benefits, expand must We income. their of all virtually for Security Social on rely citizens senior our of one-third than More work. need Americans of millions when countries low-wage other and China to jobs our send to continue cannot We wage. starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job A fear. fight and xenophobia fight racism, fight – Americans as best do we what do must We bigotry. to succumb not must We up. people locking by money taxpayer of sums huge spending are we and apart torn being are families wrecked, being are lives of Millions fuel. fossil on dependence energy our break to community international the and India Russia, China, with working in world the lead must We Truman. Harry and Roosevelt Franklin to back going presidents Democratic by supported been has that idea an is care health Universal people. the for work won't economy our bought, Washington's as long As Street. Wall by rigged it’s because Street Wall for works economy Our together. this in are we essentially that sisters, our and brothers our on backs our turn not to is teaches God what that believe us of Some @MeetThePress. on morning this on @BernieSanders says unthinkable," it's horrific, "It's @NBCNewsPR: RT statement: Full Orlando. in atrocity horrific the by saddened and disgusted horrified, are Americans All destroyed. be must organization barbaric and despicable That sympathizer. ISIS an by act terrorist a was this known, now is what From Congress. in representation voting lack residents 's Washington, that wrong morally is It process. nominating presidential this of one last the – 14 June tomorrow, place takes primary 's Washington, @RickNolanmn. Rep. and @RepMarcyKaptur Rep. progressives endorsing I'm why That's alone. it do can president No change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse politicians some that embarrassment an is It heard. be and up stand to chance the have will you 14, June Tuesday, On – Washington, … religion." entire an not -- crime this committed person hateful "one crowd hometown tells &gt;@BernieSanders @JackNECN: RT … Vermont of Center Pride by organized Event VT. Burlington, of leaders faith with stands @BernieSanders . @LaurenBlanch12: RT free. college make and care health expand can we Then share. fair their pay them make and loopholes tax close banks, big up break plan: My vote. go – Washington, home. it bring Let’s billionaires. of handful a just not everyone, for work country our Make https://… Bailout. Street Wall the and war, Iraq NAFTA, against you alongside fight to Honored @BernieSanders. you Thank @Marcy_Kaptur: RT vote. Go direction. progressive a in country this move to going are we yes, that today message the send – Nevada today? plan voting a have you Do difference. a make will primary the in votes who Everyone stream: live the for up Sign Thursday. on supporters address will Bernie continues. revolution political The religion. entire an or people entire an not — crime terrible this committed person hateful one that know We Washington in conference press holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @ABCPolitics: RT ideas. of flow free the on tag price a put to able be not will corporations big that ensures decision This process. political the into people bringing supports vigorously who someone need We leadership. DNC current the replace to have We absurd. is cast was ballot first the before months eight pledged superdelegates 400 had we that fact The superdelegates. of rid get must We PM. 8 until open are Polls direction. different a in country this move help to Vote absurd. is country our in distributed and sold be should – dozens the by people kill – thing one do to designed weapons that idea The banned. be should doubt, a without weapons, of types These bigotry. than less nothing is religion entire an blame To people. entire an not crime, heinous a committed person hateful one that know We support! your for all you thank and vote to out went who in everyone to you Thank next: what's discuss to Thursday on us Join continues. revolution political The incomprehensible. is nominee Democratic the select helping in participate not could people million 3 York New of State the in that idea The primaries. open means that And Party. Democratic the within reform real need We your… than bigger something be must always &gt;Goal tomorrow: address video live Bernie's hear to RSVP @DavidFBowen: RT https://… @RickNolanmn. Rep. and @RepMarcyKaptur Rep. progressives endorsing I'm why That's alone. it do can president No @BernieSanders: RT leave. medical and family paid of weeks twelve least at guaranteed be should America in worker every view, my In too. country our is This all. it have can’t You class: billionaire the to message a sending is movement This address? video online, live a for us join you Will you. on depends revolution political our of future The stress. enormous under and underpaid overworked, are They wages. lower for hours longer working are Americans of Millions contributions. huge making by process political the influence heavily to able are billionaires that disgrace national a is It States. United the except year, per vacation paid of days 10 least at has world the in country every Almost today. America in living kids the of all of percent 20 than more — poor are today America in children million 15 Over us: join you'll that hope much very I address. video online an in supporters my to speak will I hours few a just In banned. be should weapons of type These weapons. assault purchase and store gun a into walk to able be not should You ET. pm 8:30 at supporters his to address online live Sanders' Bernie with tonight continues end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions political But go. and come days Election future. the into continue must revolution political The changed. has lot A anywhere. going were we thought nobody campaign this began we When ahead. road the discuss to supporters his addresses @BernieSanders [LIVE] @YouTube: RT anticipated. not had I that something – campaign this in happened important extraordinarily Something $27. of average an at ✅ contributions million 8 over with ✅ movement our to donated people million ✅ Unprecedented: unemployed. the &amp; wages low earning workers Security, Social on seniors loans, with struggling students the to thanks Special America. transforming about is It candidate. single any about been never has campaign This president. for candidate Republican the @realDonaldTrump, defeating about is campaign This weeks. coming the in @HillaryClinton with working to forward look I Trump. defeating and Convention National Democratic the at ideals our for fighting than more means revolution political The state. after state in Republicans to lost been have seats legislative 900 some 2009, Since Fact: way. unprecedented an in level state and local the at engaging start must We office. for run effectively can you how about more learn to at website my to go Please you Thank began. all it where is that say will they 2016 of campaign the on back look historians future when that is hope My checks. background instant expand and loophole show gun the end weapons, assault of distribution and sale the ban must We hour. an $15 to wage minimum federal the raising support must Party Democratic the campaign, this throughout said have I As free. scot off get Street Wall on crooks the but arrested gets marijuana smokes who kid the that strange it find I Act. Substances Controlled federal the from marijuana remove must we reform, justice criminal about serious are we If district. House every 🐦 &amp; districts senate state of 69% 🐦 districts house state of 51% 🐦 in: office for run to want supporters Bernie bodies. own their control to right the have country the throughout women that certain make to fight must We equity. pay for fight we that and men to compared dollar the on cents 79 make longer no will women that ensure must We people. undocumented million 11 for citizenship toward path a provide and reform immigration comprehensive pass must We opposition. no virtually with states some in elections win to politicians right-wing allowed has leadership Current privilege. a not and right a as people all to care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the join must We reform. justice criminal real toward move and earth on country other any than jail in people more having of disgrace the end must We tuition-free. universities and colleges public making by economy global a in effectively compete must We end. gotta That's degree. college a with up ending than jail in up ending of chance greater a stand now kids cities, inner many In veterans. disabled and seniors our for benefits expand fact, in and, Security Social cut to efforts resist must We Day! Fathers Happy income. the lack families their because college to go to unable are people young bright of thousands of hundreds that disgrace a is It countries? third-world many than lower expectancy life a have reservations some on sisters and brothers American Native our that it is Why inequality. income of level grotesque this end must We million. 150 bottom the than wealth more own people wealthiest 20 the Today justice. for fight the in engaged become and enough” is “enough say people of millions of tens when happens change Real country? major any almost of poverty childhood of level highest the experiencing are we earth on country richest the in that it is Why https://t.… AMA! district. 23rd Florida’s for primary Democratic the in Schultz Wasserman challenging I’m and Canova Tim I’m @Tim_Canova: RT disgrace. that end must we nation a As debt. student of levels suffocating with struggling are kids young bright of millions Today, checks. background instant expand and loophole show gun the end to time past long It's list. watch terror the on those includes that and them have shouldn't who people of hands the into fall to guns allow can't We world. the around from refugees all helping in believe we decades: for pride of point a been has nature welcoming Our refugees. on backs our turn cannot We persecution. and violence fleeing those for hope of beacon a been always has America them. oppose would Republicans why to as incomprehensible is It commonsense. are proposals These guns. to access have not should ill mentally dangerously the and criminals terrorists, potential that understand to hard very not It’s supply. water our protect to want we if fracking ban must We all. for Medicare like system single-payer a implement to States United the for time It's privilege. a not right, a is care Health fighting. be not should we wars in warfare perpetual into thrown not should military the in women and men young brave Our wages. starvation at working are Americans fellow our of millions today that is reality The 2016. year the In faucets. their of out comes that water polluted the drink to unable communities have we California to Michigan Flint, From Congress. of session lame-duck a in vote a get not does it that certain make and Partnership Trans-Pacific the defeat must We them. for it end to us to up It's end. to got has Street Wall on behavior illegal and recklessness greed, The veterans. disabled and seniors our for benefits expand to fight gotta we've Instead, Security. Social cut to efforts all resist must We elections. win to politicians right-wing allowed and states of dozens on back its turned has leadership Democratic current the Sadly, states. these to resources provide must we but tomorrow state every in win not may We strategy. 50-state a needs Party Democratic The country. our transform and interests special on take Party, Democratic the transform to need we energy the is This … Washington in Address to @BernieSanders Candidate Presidential Democratic @NALEO: RT carbon. on tax a imposing and energy sustainable and efficiency energy to moving by change climate combat aggressively must We for. stand we everything to contrary is rhetoric bigoted divisive, and wages lower rich, the for cuts tax of agenda .@realDonaldTrump's Burlington. in Day" Pride "Gay proclaimed @BernieSanders ago, years Thirty-one @scottbix: RT end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions social and political But go. and come days Election @ZephyrTeachout: for voters Call unacceptable. just is That states. 23 in statehouses and mansions governors’ the both controls now Party Republican The it. cut not Security, Social expand to time is It https://t.… Washington. to bring to working are @EricKingsonNY like candidates state, by State @DFAaction: RT N… this vote to expected are Latinos million than More ! at @BernieSanders Candidate Presidential NOW: HAPPENING @NALEO: RT end. to got has suffering human This States. United the in system immigration broken a by apart torn families of sadness the seen have I system. immigration our fix to need we wire; barbed and wall a need don’t We rejected. be must and unacceptable is rhetoric divisive Trump's Native-American. and Latino African-American, disproportionately Americans, million up locking year a billion $80 spend We austerity. just not Rico, Puerto of people the help to option another is there that recognize to time the is now view, my In want: we what Here’s country. this in change real want I and supporters My end. must time Christmas around happened that families of up rounding The America. in machine deportation current the end must We RSVP: NYC. in today revolution political our and campaign our for next comes what hear to us Join @colbertlateshow! the on Bernie for EDT 11:35 at tonight CBS to in Tune answers. much-needed for waiting left be will Americans aspiring million 4 than more that means ruling immigration deadlocked Today's Trump. Donald of hands bigoted the into fall people, vulnerable more many so of future the and future, their let cannot We Court. Supreme the to justice ninth a confirm and politics playing stop must Republicans Senate environment. inclusive and diverse more a create we when stronger is nation our that reaffirms decision This 1990. in American average the to back power giving and revolution political the about talking Bernie to dollar. damn whole the need they – men to compared cents 55 just need don’t country this in women Hispanic up. us divides not together, us brings who somebody needs country Our Train. Trump the on not is @BernieSanders Tonight! @colbertlateshow: RT cell. jail a in rotting not school, in or working be should people young Our future. the in invest and jails building stop to time is It Native-American. and Latino, African-American, disproportionately Americans, million up locking year a billion $80 spending are we Today speech Here” From Go We "Where @BernieSanders' LIVE: @politico: RT us. about be, to has and is, It me. about not is This reviled. not celebrated, be must that story a is it and – America of story the is story immigrant’s modern the story, my story, father’s My class. middle our destroying that's economy rigged the end to need also we system, immigration broken our fix to need we do only Not run! to YOU needs America @realDonaldTrump cc: States. United the of president become to bigot a want not do we that know to enough smart are supporters My America. in reality about talk to us to up It's us. for issues the define to media corporate the allow gonna not We're trade. on proposals platform Party Democratic back beat Clinton Hillary of allies that dismayed and disappointed I'm people. millions by supported and mainstream are ideas our that out Turns not. are You radicals. courageous you're think to you want don't I outrage. of sense your lose Never equality. toward step this see to Happy people. transgender openly to military the up opened we time past long It's you Well, up. on board school the from – level every at office political in engaging start to need We Party. Democratic the of history the in platform progressive most the pass to is job Our race. 2016 the of state the discuss to @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders : on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT change. real want Americans ordinary that out turns it other, each to talking in thinks establishment the what Despite are. people American many where of reality the from removed far are they that is understand to got has media mainstream the What contributors. campaign wealthy just not and families working for fights which Party Democratic a create to need We inequality. wealth and income in increase huge a been has there while years 35 for decline in been has States United the in class middle The Law.’ under Justice ‘Equal pediment: marble building’s the in engraved words the into life breathed Court Supreme the year, last day this On community. LGBTQ the for equality full for fight the continue and progress great this upon build must We jobs. good-paying of millions of loss the to leading while profitable more corporations multi-national made has trade free Unfettered percent. 1 the just not all, for works that economy an and government a create and America, corporate of power and greed the on take must We him. like others and Trump Donald of divisiveness and bigotry the to succumb not must we But angry. are people American The law. into Act Fairness Paycheck the pass and forward move gotta We've work. same the doing for men than less paid are women that wrong is It America. across women for victory A right. constitutional a as abortion legal and safe a to access woman's a reaffirmed SCOTUS Today people. the for and people the by people, the of government a want We want? we do What York: New in voters Call tomorrow. primaries congressional with progressives electing by change real create Help NOW. action bold take must We worse. getting it's and deaths million for responsible is pollution air year Every revolutionaries. the are You voters. of millions and you about It's else. anybody or Sanders Bernie about not is revolution political This change. real demanding and big thinking We're thanks. no them: tell We change. incremental is get can we thing only the us tell They America. of half bottom the than wealth more own individuals 20 whereby inequality wealth and income of level grotesque our end must We https:/… . to platform Democratic the to amendment an of support in movement grassroots large a with work will We @GunnelsWarren: RT today: York New in primary his win him Help Security. Social protect to fighter long-time a is .@EricKingsonNY us. amongst vulnerable most the treat we how but billionaires, of number the not it’s nation,” “great a of measure the about talk we When states." battleground in uninterested is it and compromise not does It partner. negotiating poor a is "Physics idea. radical a not That's colony. a like Rico Puerto treat not should America of States United The behind. left been have who and struggling are who those with stand we that clear make to needs Party Democratic The https:… the in happen could Brexit powered that globalization of rejection The .@BernieSanders: @nytopinion: RT change. real need We world. the and country our in people of majority the for working not is economy global The rhetoric. campaign’s Leave the of much punctuated that sentiment anti-immigrant and bigotry demagogy, the on based change need don't we But Congress. the of floor the on getting TPP the to opposed we're that platform Democratic the in clear it make must We energy. sustainable to nuclear and fuels fossil ALL from transition aggressively must we but step, important An rights. legal no have they because back fight can't they and conditions working horrific face workers undocumented of thousands Today, homeless. are who country this in children of thousands of tens have we that fact the to used become to ourselves allow cannot We outrage. an is It normal. NOT is It normal. is it thinking and it to used becoming danger: greatest our is That people. billion around — population world’s the of half bottom the as wealth much as own planet this on people 62 wealthiest the Today, vote. a for up coming ever from deal trade TPP disastrous the prevent to Committee Platform DNC the Tell TPP. disastrous the defeat must We done. be to needs more but platform, Party Democratic the in progress great some made We've TPP. the to opposition strong in platform the to amendment an for support rally to can we everything do to is job Our Platform. Party the in TPP the like agreements trade bad oppose strongly gotta have We DNC: the Tell country. this over all cities manufacturing devastated have that policies trade disastrous our of continuation a is TPP The TPP. the defeat to can they all do must Democrats CEOs. corporate just not workers, American benefit that policies trade need We vote. a for up come doesn't TPP the ensure must We fair. but anything is TPP the And fair. be to has it but thing good a is Trade us: with stand and petition our Sign TPP. the against fight the win can we heard, voices our make all we If month? next convention Democratic the to delegates our of all get we ensuring towards contribution a make you Can support. others of millions that ideas mainstream fact in are have they that ideas the that on catching are People moral? that is How insurance. health no with people million 28 Act, Care Affordable the of gains the despite have, still We midnight. before in Pitch convention? Democratic the to delegates 1,900 nearly our of all bring to able we Are end. gotta That's elections. buy to billionaires and Street Wall allows that system finance campaign corrupt very a have we frank, be Let’s multimillonarios. los para sólo no nosotros, todos para trabaje que económico y político sistema un Queremos petition: the Sign TPP. the opposing one: big a missing it's but issues important many includes Platform Dem The bigotry. Trump's accept to going not We're tolerance. religious and freedom religious about it’s anything, about is country this If savings. energy in $4 to up enjoy can businesses and families efficiency, energy in invested dollar every For oil. crude and gas natural liquefied of exports stop and XL Keystone the like projects pipeline dirty stop drilling, offshore ban must We direction. right the in country this move to begin will that accomplishments some includes Platform Democratic The grandchildren. and kids our of all for planet livable healthy, a leave to can I all do I'll seven, of grandfather a and four of father a As change. climate fighting quickly for strategies cost-effective most the of one is tax carbon a via carbon on price a Putting issues. real on work to politicians allowing fundraising, on spent time lowers and participation voter increases elections of funding Public simple. and plain – bribery legalized to amounts United Citizens embarrassment. national a It's 2016. year the In change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse still politicians Some communities. minority and low-income by faced risks health public the recognize that policies justice climate with forward move must We Office. Oval the in place no has skepticism change Climate president. become not does Trump Donald ensure to can we all do must We justice. to brought be must They planet. our and people of health the of ahead profits put to chosen deliberately have corporations Some elections. bankrolling by it doing they're and action block to power their in everything doing on hell-bent are executives fuel Fossil today. it curb to action bold take must we and real is change climate again: time and time clear perfectly it made have people American The happen. that let that laws passing from states stop shouldn't Senate the and eat they food the in is what know to right a have People Congress. of session lame-duck the during TPP the on vote a holding to opposition in record on go must Party Dem The labeling. GMO favor Americans of majority overwhelming The controversial. isn’t food our labeling of issue The Monsanto. like corporations by supported bill labeling GMO the oppose to them ask and Senators your to Write behind. left been have who and struggling are who those with stand we that clear make to needs Party Democratic The … Orlando. to On night. the into fade not will and cannot It continue. will 2016 of revolution political The @GunnelsWarren: RT improved. significantly be to needs that document a it's clear, be us let but, start excellent an is Louis St. in drafted platform Party The Act. Glass-Steagall 21st-century a enact must we out, bailed were they before than now bigger are institutions financial huge when time a At long? so for accepted been this has How percent. 99 bottom the of whole the than wealth more owns now percent 1 top The bill: GMO Monsanto the oppose to them ask &amp; Senators your Write democracy. practice and radical something try Let's economies. sustainable develop countries those help should we Instead, countries. low-wage in workers against compete to have shouldn't We July! of 4th Happy independence. American of years 240 celebrate we Today change. real for Time elite. economic the benefit to elite economic the by developed model economic an have we clear: be Let’s ignorance. and hopelessness hatred, poverty, war: of causes true the address and globe the around spending military cut to got have We can. you if out them Help self-funding. largely they're convention, the to trips delegates' 1900 nearly our supplement to trying we're While Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want community. American Native the and Government the between relationship the change fundamentally to need We trade. fair to move and policies trade” “free our reject fundamentally to need we that clear is It https://… opposition. their reflect should . the opposed @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders Both @DFAaction: RT TPP the to opposed is group environmental major every Virtually @People4Bernie: RT vote. a to brought be never should it fact, In Congress. on vote a for "fast-tracked" be not should agreement trade disastrous A https://t… here TPP the oppose to committee platform the Urge Platform. @TheDemocrats in be must TPP to Opposition @CWAUnion: RT here: the oppose officially to Committee Platform Party Democratic the Urge @citizenstrade: RT regulations. curb to polluters enable not generations, future our for environment the protecting on focus must officials Elected factories. of thousands of tens down shut and jobs of millions outsource that deals trade free unfettered more need don't We https://… disastrous. were PNTR and CAFTA, NAFTA, mistakes. its from learn to needs government American The @OurPoliticalRev: RT TPP. the on vote a holding to opposition in record on go must .@TheDemocrats … the in petition! this -sign the &amp; health our workers, of sake the For @RoseAnnDeMoro: RT to need we reason one just is Fracking @greenpeaceusa: RT : to committee the Tell sense! makes just It @WorkingFamilies: RT governments. national their to taxes in trillions paying avoid corporations large which in scandal international the end to need We 1973. in did he than LESS dollars $726 making is today America in worker male median the productivity, in increases major Despite labeling. GMO require to states allow must We them. feeding they're what know to right a have they children, their for food buy parents When lives. people's to do debt student and college of costs high the what again over and over heard I country, the throughout traveled I As debt. loan student crippling with school graduating means it others, For all. at college to going not means it some, For education. higher of financing the for forth brought just has she initiative bold very the for @HillaryClinton applaud I food. GMO of labeling the for calls that states by passed legislation overturn to dollars of millions spending is Monsanto senators. your call to 82623 to GMO Text bill. outrageous this reject and industry food multi-national the to up stand must Congress @CNN discuss. to lots have We hour. ET 1PM during today live me joins @BernieSanders Senator @wolfblitzer: RT it. oppose to 82623 to GMO Text today. legislation Monsanto-backed of piece bad very a on voting is Senate The parents. their than living of standard lower a have probably will generation younger our history, modern in time first the perhaps For investigation. DOJ a trigger automatically should it custody, police in while killed is somebody When elections buy to people of ability the equal not does speech Free all. to care health universal provide not does that earth on country major only the is The STOP. MUST. IT. and color of people for occurrence common too all an become has Castile Philando and Sterling Alton killed that violence The police. the with encounters during force of use the experience to likely as times four almost are African-Americans Today shot. or harassed get they'll whether about worrying without street the down walk can people that so reform justice criminal real need We color." of people targeting officers police our of enough is "Enough proclaimed: Gilliard Wendell Rep. Carolina South As platform? the in this isn't why Congress, of floor the to get not should TPP the that agree I and Clinton both If America. of States United the can So what? know you then right, a as care health have can country major other every if that think of kind I to need we why on @SenWarren video: new WATCH MUST @CREDOMobile: RT tomorrow! Committee Platform Democratic the to delivered be to TPP the opposing petition the sign to chance Last 1990! IN Donald to given coverage media corporate of amount obscene the about talking Bernie to petitions. the signed who 700,000 the to you Thank TPP. the to opposed are Democrats of majority The bankrupt. going about worry not and to need they when doctor a see to able be will American every all, for care health guarantee we When banks. too-big-to-fail up breaking and Act Glass-Steagall 21st-century a enacting for calls platform Democratic Our conseguirlo: para luchando continuar a vamos y queremos, que lo es Esto it. about talk to refuse media corporate the and process political our controlling now is billionaires of handful a that acceptable not It's kinds. all of violence against stand nation a as must We despicable. and horrifying is night last Dallas in officers police on attack The economy. productive a creating of part is that system banking a need We all. for care health guarantee and Truman and FDR of legacies the fulfill to States United the of president Democratic next the to up It's care. health to entitled is American every that sure make to idea radical a not is it world, the of history the in country richest the In wrong. proven been they've again, over and Over jobs. increase would trade free unfettered that us tell They calls: Make @Tim_Canova. and @PramilaJayapal revolution: political the continue to help your need candidates Two country. this in Latinos four every of out one nearly is This poverty. in living Latinos million 12 than more have we shamefully, Today, trade. fair to move and policies trade” “free our reject fundamentally to need we that clear is It agreement trade opposing petition Sanders' sign 700,000 IN: JUST @thehill: RT law. the it make let's Now Party. Democratic the of cornerstone a is it Today, radical. considered was $15 for fight the ago, years few A passed. amendment this getting and Committee Platform Democratic the at leadership your for @NinaTurner you Thank does. earth on country major other every what right, a as all for care health guarantee to is America in reform care health of goal The Americans. of millions to access care health and insurance health expanding toward step important an is @HillaryClinton by proposal Today's steps. important are years 55 at in opt to people allowing by Medicare expand to and choice public-option a Americans give to Efforts care. health affordable quality, to access has America in everyone when day the to closer us get will steps these Together https://t.… up Heating meeting. platform Democratic to signatures anti 700,000 delivering currently delegates Sanders @billmckibben: RT failed. have agreements trade our that understand to economics in degree a need don't You … leaders. be let’s – bureaucrats be not Let’s TPP. the against is @BernieSanders TPP. the against is .@HillaryClinton @BenJealous: RT ideas. their on based people elect to right the have should we democracy, a In auctions. be not should Elections Philly: to them get Help attend. to expensive too it's many for but delegates, convention 1,900 almost earned We've marijuana. on ban federal the end to time It's … today. of issues important most the of one is that knows .@PramilaJayapal @DFAaction: RT law. becoming hour an $15 of wage living this to forward Looking wage. starvation a is wage min. federal current The e… for @BernieSanders to grateful so And policy. climate shift to begun have people of Millions win. you organize you When @billmckibben: RT in: Chip it. afford can't delegates our of many but away, weeks couple a only is Convention Democratic The Kennedy F. John - mankind.” to end an put will war or war, to end an put must "Mankind percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of percent 58 and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The yesterday. party the of history the in change climate combat to plan aggressive most the to agreed Democrats you! Thank Party. Democratic the of history the in platform progressive most the have we country, the across people of millions to Thanks beginning. just is fight the issues, important advancing progress great made have we While millions? harmed behavior illegal whose execs Street Wall to happens nothing but marijuana possessing for jailed are kids that it is Why Street. Wall on model business The Fraud™ is. what know don't I rigged, ain't that If regulating. of charge in is it bankers very the by hijacked been has Reserve Federal The Philly: to them get help and delegates our with Stand accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together, stand we When economy. global and the destroyed nearly behavior illegal their 2008, In power. extraordinary have Street Wall on people of handful A guns. and tanks planes, on spend we dollars of billions the than more far is it and great, is war of cost The @NinaTurner – promise.” its as good as America an creating of beginning the is wage minimum federal the "Raising bars. behind people more putting from profit to allowed be should view, my in one, No change. to going are we together, That, taxes. corporate in nickel a pay not do corporations while street the on out sleep Children people. million some — prisoners its of quarter a about incarcerate we yet population, world’s the of percent 5 than less has The beginning. just is fight The reality. becomes but pages, platform's the on end not does progress that ensure must We us. me, Not Together. continues. revolution that and America transform to revolution political a begun have we Together, that. for her congratulate I and process, nominating Democratic the won has .@HillaryClinton campaign. our on hard so worked who volunteers of thousands of hundreds the and me for voted who Americans million 13 the to you Thank Hampshire. New in trail the on Hillary joins @BernieSanders as live Watch @HillaryClinton: RT addre… to ideas the &amp; people American the of needs the about It's Sanders. Bernie electing about just isn't campaign This @BernieSanders: RT presidency. Clinton Hillary a and House Democratic a Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform progressive our see to is now job Our … help. your need we president, a electing just than more in interested you’re If @BernieSanders: RT California. in Bernie debate to afraid too was who guy same the from talk Big continue. must — revolution political this — ours of movement This right. is what for fighting stop never will We … @BernieSanders: from note A movement." our needs country our ever than more "Now @TheDemocrats: RT beyond. and November through continue we as support your for ask I campaign, historic this throughout have you As program. care health national single-payer a is crisis care health America's to solution long-term only The energy. sustainable toward and fuel fossil from away system energy our pushing in world the leading be should States United The us joins @BernieSanders @CBSThisMorning: ON AHEAD @CBSThisMorning: RT . will We Bland. Sandra job. another get should they election, free a face can't Republicans If vote. the suppress to overtime working are governors Republican $ of wage minimum federal the raising opposes but rich the to breaks tax huge give to wants Trump Bully Billionaire Pathetic. … convention. at equity pay and reform, justice criminal reform, immigration on speaks .@BernieSanders @LULAC: RT out. stay to prison from released are who people allow that conditions the create can we America of States United the In planet. entire the to damage devastating causing already is and activity human by caused it's real, is change Climate over. is debate The registered. automatically is vote to eligible is who older or age of years 18 anyone that so registration, voter universal implement must We sentences. minimum mandatory long unnecessarily serving are America in people many Too sentencing. minimum end to need We for. stands Constitution our what not is elections buying Billionaires public. data that make and custody police in happen that deaths on data collect to states require must We Shameful. issues. the about discussion serious a need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In poverty. in live to has week a hours 40 working nobody ensures that America an creating about is movement Our … @thenation via History Party Democratic in Platform Progressive Most the Delivered Sanders Bernie How @KatrinaNation: RT participation. political without place take cannot Change response. first the not resort, last the be must War sake. goodness' for half in pills cutting are people Elderly prescribe. doctors their drugs prescription the afford can't people five in One disappearing. been has — world the of envy the once — country our of class middle great the years 40 last the For conviction. felony a by away taken vote to right their had have who Americans million 5 than more the re-enfranchise to need We share. fair their pay corporations large and wealthy the Street, Wall means reform tax Real countries. other and Canada from drugs prescription importing to barriers the reduce and prices drug negotiate to Medicare allow must We involved: Get movement. our are you And movement. a It's moment. a not is This shameless. truly It's taxes. paying avoid to ways inventive and new with drugs on prices outrageous couple companies pharmaceutical American enough? is enough say and industry pharmaceutical the of greed the to up stand to courage the have Congress will point what At movement. grassroots powerful a without country this of families working the facing crises the address effectively can alone president No contributors. campaign wealthy and billionaires of handful a just not - us of all to belongs country this because movement a building are We elections. buy to continue to able be won't they that class billionaire the and brothers Koch the tell to movement grassroots a need We all. of lives the improve to together coming about is Politics opera. soap a not is politics you, tells media the what Despite politicians. buy to millionaires allowed has which decision Court Supreme United Citizens disastrous this overturn to going we're Together movement. grassroots unprecedented an organize and together come to nation the across people asking I'm about. is America what not is This parents. their than living of standard lower a have may generation younger Our seniors. low-income to paid benefits minimum increase and cost-of-living-adjustments increase would Security Social on cap the Lifting inequality. that protects that structure power a have we inequality, income and wealth of level absence an have only not we America in Today continue. must revolution political This over. from far is work our but – historic is far so accomplished we've What acceptable. longer no is change climate to related science the Denying say. to has Pope the what to listen Republicans the hope I richer. even made be to need America in people richest the that believe Republicans the inequality, massive of time a At planet. this of future the than important more not are profits short-term their that industry fossil-fuel the to say to got have We people. Palestinian the to but Israel, to only not friend a be to got also has States United the peace, of cause the advance To disgraceful. absolutely – religion on based database national a creating and religion to according immigration limiting suggested Trump intervention. military to resorting before solutions diplomatic pursue to obligation moral a have we believe I greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and country this destroying is class billionaire the of greed The tight. it shut and door, that shut to job our is it racism, to door the open to wants @realDonaldTrump If peace. for and sanity environmental for justice, social and economic for fight the in leader the country our make again once must We incarceration. and jails more than education, and jobs in investing be to sense more lot a makes it view, my In dangerous. is language his is truth the but opera, soap a in character a like Trump treat to media the for fun It’s hatred. trumps love that know we because Trump Donald defeat will We disgrace. our to much is, it Yet else. anywhere nor States United the in neither sentence, death a be not should Poverty suppressed. are minorities of votes the when American every of conscience the offend should It it. of because die people and Americans millions for health to access to barrier significant a are medicines patented of prices The market. the on available are they as soon as medicines to access affordable provide can we Fund Prize a Through laws. ID photo with it do Republicans Today, voting. minority suppress to used were laws literacy segregation, open of days shameful the In vote. to people working and young want not does class billionaire the mistake: no Make together. stand to going are We Muslims. or Latinos hate to going not we’re No, Trump: Donald for message a have I office. elected hold and win to billionaires represent who politicians for easier becomes it suppressed, are minorities of votes the When lifetime. a of struggle the is It year. a or day, a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle the that remember must We demonstrations. peaceful in streets the on and booth voting the in — it demand people the when comes Change rolls. voting from names minority-community of purging the and laws discriminatory to end an put must We box. ballot the at heard voices their make can people young that so vote to registered automatically be must 18 over American Every now. year a for waiting Been time? our of crisis environmental great the change, climate mention Trump Will campaign. his of cornerstone the divisiveness and bigotry made has who Trump support not will me for voted who Those up. them dividing not together, people bringing in believe We Bush? President is where way, the By Iraq. of invasion Bush-Cheney the was East Middle the in instability of cause real The wrong. is Trump wage. minimum federal the raise to refuse millionaires, to breaks tax in trillions Give plans: economic big Trump’s Americans. low-income for programs cut millionaires, for breaks tax in trillion $ plan: economic Trump’s abroad. countries low-wage not US, the in products his making by start can he trade "fix" to wants Trump If hypocrite! a What hour. an 30-cents at Bangladesh in shirts Trump manufacturing Stop trade. Fix China. in ties Trump manufacturing Stop trade. Fix Mexico. in clothing Trump manufacturing Stop trade. Fix brothers? Koch the of afraid too he is or it mention Trump Will history. our in decisions worst the of one is United Citizens Trump. to much matter don’t they guess I insurance. health without Americans million 28 the covering about word single a for waiting Still dictator? or president for running guy this Is this.” fix can alone “I Trump: Congress. with work to has president a that understand doesn’t he Maybe this.” fix can alone “I Trump: about. is Constitution the what understand not does Trump thing. one about right was Cruz Ted like Looks millionaires. for breaks tax huge Trump's is need don't we what that understands movement Our them. expand not fuels, fossil from away move must we that understand supporters My “hoax.” a is change climate thinks Trump rich? the for breaks tax more about concerned just Or affordable? college making or debt student about word one be there Will Pathetic. economics. trickle-down old same old, same plan: economic Trump’s wage. starvation a already hour, an $ of wage minimum federal the lower states let plan: economic Trump’s Act. Rights Voting the gut and United Citizens support choose, to right woman’s a oppose Scalia, like would, nominees Court Supreme Trump’s bribery. legalized of form a in elections our into funneled being are dollars of Billions percent. 1 the just not and country, this of class middle the for works which economy an create to us for overdue long is time The forgotten… have leaders our of many too simple: is problem The usual. as politics same-old the with frustrated are People @TulsiGabbard: RT supply. water contaminated a to lead can fracturing hydraulic that evidence clear shown have @theNASciences the and @EPA the Both jobs. of millions create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to program jobs a need we percent, 10 near unemployment real With nationwide. fracking out phase to Time change. climate to contributing it’s and breathe we air the supply, water our to danger a is Fracking workers. women for equity pay implement and years, few next the over hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise to need We health. public and resources natural air, water, land, our to poses fracking dangers the against guard safely can regulation of amount No . and fracking ban must We defects. birth and cancer lung cause to known are fracking in used chemicals toxic The taxes. of share fair their paying start wealthy the that demand that policies tax need we inequality, wealth and income massive of time a At contributors. campaign wealthy of handful a just not Americans, all represents which government a have to us for time is It process. nominating the reform and Party Democratic the democratize to fight the in victory tremendous a is This … leak. email DNC following period" resign, "should Schultz Wasserman Debbie says .@BernieSanders @ThisWeekABC: RT defeated" be to got has Trump understand supporters my of "Most .@BernieSanders: @ABCPolitics: RT justice. environmental and racial social, economic, of principles the on based government a for fighting keep We'll race. 2016 the in occur not did which something process, nominating presidential the in impartial remain always must leadership party The Resignation Chair DNC on Statement Sanders primaries. open for time It's process. nominee Democratic the in participate not could voters Independent million 3 York New of State the In poverty! in living are who country this in people million 47 the for up stand to prepared is which party a need We America! across agenda progressive a enacting about is It president. a electing than more about is campaign this one: day since it said I've Philadelphia! in revolution our representing delegates the of all to you Thank future! that shaping in role a want they and America, of future the are people Young watch? you Will movement. our of future the address I'll Convention National Democratic the at Tonight house. White the to Clinton Hillary elect to can we everything do and Trump Donald defeat to got have We continues. justice environmental and racial economic, social, for fight the but go and come Days Election below. Twitter on in Tune . the addresses Sanders Bernie Live: @gov: RT tonight. here delegates pledged the of percent 46 us giving revolution, political the for voted who Americans million 13 the to you Thank night. Tuesday on call roll the during votes your to forward look I done. you’ve work the all for you Thank delegates: my to And accomplished. we've what in pride take But am. I than disappointed more is one no that say to fair it’s think I disappointed. are here Many @BernieSanders continues." revolution "Our @DemConvention: RT continues. – revolution our – revolution that and America transform to revolution political a begun have we friends, my Together, up. us divide and blacks and women Muslims, Latinos, insult who leaders not stronger, us make and together us bring who leaders need We $ below wage minimum the lower to right the have should states believes he billionaires, for breaks tax huge in believes Trump While Court. Supreme the of future the about Think wrong. you're out: it sit can you think you if important, is election this believe don’t you If about. is democracy what and campaign this what That’s issues. of number a on disagree I and Clinton Hillary that secret no is It presidency! Clinton Hillary a and House Democratic a Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform progressive a see to is now job Our Revolution: Our Join done. not is fight our but unprecedented, is together done have we What Philadelphia! you, Thank tweet. Never … doors" its open to "needs Party Democratic The breakfast: delegation York New at .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT … DNCC. the at @BernieSanders friend my nominate to today opportunity the have to Proud @TulsiGabbard: RT America. transforming about is it significantly, more Far president. a electing about just not is election This end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions political But go. and come days Election defeated. or stopped be never can it love, by fueled movement a is this because friends, My @TulsiGabbard: RT together. Stronger @HillaryClinton: RT cells. jail in not jobs, good at and schools good in are country this in people young that sure making about is election This together. stand – us of all – American Native Asian-American, Latino, white, and black when stronger become We together. achieved have we accomplishments historical the in pride enormous Take country. our across Americans working-class affecting are that issues the for advocating for @KillerMike you Thank need. they medicine the afford to unable are Americans five in one while profits in billions making be not should companies Drug Depression. Great the since downturn economic worst the caused Street Wall on behavior illegal and greed the that forget to us wants GOP The National Democratic the at vote call roll night's last from moment beautiful truly A democracy. American revitalize and together come to families of millions for time the is ever, than more Now, America. of States United the of history modern the in candidate Republican worst the honestly, quite is now with dealing are we What happen. that let can't We insurance. health of off people million 20 throw and Act Care Affordable the abolish to wants Trump 1928. since been has it worst the experience, currently we that inequality wealth and income of level grotesque the end must We together. stronger are We achievement. historic this on @HillaryClinton congratulate I win. to them allow gonna we're that war a not it's clear, be me let and, women against war a waging are Republicans billionaires. from collect can you money of amount the on not character, your and ideas your on based elections winning try Republicans: veterans. disabled and seniors for benefits Security Social cut not will we no, Republicans: tell must we clearly, and Loudly disagree. strongly I body. own her control to right the has country, this in woman no that is saying are Republicans What few. a just for works that economy an than rather us of all for works that class middle a create and together us bring that policies need We bottom. the to race a to led have and jobs of millions us cost have America corporate by written policies trade Our hearing. we're rhetoric anti-Muslim the condemn and together stand all we which in nation a build and bigotry religious end to time It's America. in here them manufacturing start better well damn they products, their buy to us wants America corporate If Novembe… into heading unity party for push the and campaign historic his discuss to us joins @BernieSanders morning: This @FaceTheNation: RT abroad. just not and here, jobs create corporations American that demand that policies trade enact and bottom the to race the end to need We immoral. and wrong It's Muslims. or Mexicans against anger into it converted and terrorism about anxiety and anger people's taken has Trump poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical a is it believe don’t I justice. for fight the into people of millions in bring to continue must We revolution. political the continue MUST we clear: be me Let election. the after day the continue must fight That class. billionaire the on take and up stand must We done. not is job Our percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of half over and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The involved. people getting and America across consciousness political activating is means revolution political the of continuation the What continue. to got has movement This happen. to time takes it – overnight happen doesn't change transformational and Fundamental right. a as all to education and care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the join States United the that demand must We primary! 30th August our in vote to Democrat to affiliation party switch to day last the is Today @Tim_Canova: RT job. another get should they election, free a face can't Republicans If minorities. disenfranchising overtime working is GOP The ht… hashtag the using by support your show &amp; Primary today's in to know you everyone Encourage @PramilaJayapal: RT disappearing. been has – world the of envy the once – country our of class middle great the years 40 last the For infrastructure. crumbling our rebuild to is jobs meaningful create rapidly to way effective most The out! them bailed we when than now larger are that banks big the up break should we Glass-Steagall, back bring we should only not view, my In world. the around and States United the in problems devastating creating already and activity human by caused real, is change Climate non-solution. draconian other some or deportation self of alternatives Republican the not process, immigration rational a need We revolution! our for win Big families. working for fighting and interests special on taking is Pramila @PramilaJayapal. about think to you want I revolution, political the of think you When us: join and Revolution Our to contribution $27 a Add continues. struggle the but go, and come days Election same. the do to us for Time punishment." capital stop us Let murder. state to end an put us "Let saying, are countries world, the over All Waltons. the for breaks tax with issue no has Congress but hardest, the struggling are who people the of some for benefits afford" "can't We happen. that let can't We it. privatize or Security Social cut either to attempting been have Republicans years, many for that is fact The breaks. tax for exchange in benefits Security Social cut to want who corporations large of CEOs by lectured being of tired getting am I childcare. inadequate of because emotionally and intellectually be should they where behind kindergarten enter today children Many donors. billionaire not voters individual to belong elections our ensure must Congress reality. extraordinary an is That debt. card credit than debt student more have families American history, our in time first the For percent. 8 to down is figure that Today, manufacturing. in were country this in jobs the all of percent 22 1977, In continue. always will justice environmental and racial social, economic, for struggle the but go, and come days Election revolution. political our for steps next the take must we Now, campaign. presidential our through unprecedented something built we Together, us: Join help. your need we But leaders. progressive new empower and democracy our revitalize can we Together together. stand immigrant and born native straight, and gay old, and young women, and men when stronger become We percent. 1 the just not us, of all for work systems economic and political our making by society American transform to work must We enough!' is 'Enough saying: and up standing Americans of movement grassroots a about It's Sanders. Bernie about never was campaign This rights. civil for fight the in milestone a Act, Rights Voting the of anniversary 51-year the marks Today, streets. the on and booth voting the in – it demand people the when comes Change vote. to right the for paid price the remember must We vote. to people for harder it making overtime working legislators and governors Republican have we that outrage absolute an is It … me for voted who everyone should So Clinton. Hillary support I Sanders: Bernie by op-ed An @latimes: RT lifetime. a of struggle the It's year. a or day a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle the that remember must We Act. Rights Voting the to damage the repair to legislation consider to refused has Congress, Republican-led the that embarrassment an It's f… its without years 50 in election US first the by marked be will the of anniversary 51st the that Sad @PramilaJayapal: RT America. across place take changes positive and profound back, fight and up stand to begin level grassroots the at people American the If college. to kids their send to ability and homes jobs, their lost millions Street, Wall on behavior illegal and greed the of Because happen. that let can't We rights. women’s on clock the back roll to trying are — add should I men, mostly — Congress of members Some 2008. in country this to did companies insurance and institutions financial damage horrendous the from suffering still is class middle The bombers? into billions pumping complex military-industrial the or poverty in live who children our of percent 20 the with stand we Do later! complex military-industrial the about worry and first, children our educate first, children our feed us Let struggle. of story the been That's it. accomplish we after day the until accomplish cannot we what us tell always pundits the of All 24: Aug. on event an host to up sign is forward revolution political the move to do can you thing important most The billionaires. for breaks tax huge ending by that do We rich. very the just not families, working for socialism democratic had we time It's earth. on country major any nearly of poverty childhood of rate highest the have we when wrong is something maybe, just Maybe, today! @russfeingold for vote Go campaign. his endorse to proud I'm and Senate, the in need we someone is Feingold Russ democracy. not That's elections. buying are billionaires when wrong profoundly something is There issues. important except world the in everything about talk will media corporate the problems, many so faces world this when time a At https://… Nov. in ballot the on safety + health community put to industry fracking to the up stand Coloradans as victory HUGE @350action: RT jobs. paying decent million 13 create could infrastructure in investment trillion $1 A jails. more not bridges, &amp; roads in invest to Time it. know people American the and collapsing is infrastructure Our democracy. our reclaim and process political the in Engage today! booths voting the at you see to hope I VT: and MN WI, CT, in friends my To do. to going are we what exactly That’s involved. get to people encourage level, grassroots the at gotta, have We beginning just only is movement Sanders The am-- this take My @KatrinaNation: RT little. so have many so and much so have few so when politically or morally, economically, survive can nation great no that is truth The it." widens policy current gap, wealth racial the created policies public past as "Just read: Must people. of millions of movement a take will It America. in families working facing problems enormous the address can alone person one No GO! all is movement The right; what's for standing Keep not. or won you whether ran, who progressives all to Thanx @keithellison: RT drugs. prescription affordable and safe to access includes that and right, human a is care health to Access industry. drug the to up stand to courage the have not does Congress because care health without go to have not should people American The Latin@s. for growth the times 736%—10 grown has Americans richest 400 the of wealth the years, 30 past the Over concerns. those reflect that policies enact and concerns communities' their to listening start to departments police local for time is It African-Americans. targets that system justice criminal a ending and demilitarization on focus should Congress time, same the At … heard. be voice your let and ballot your Cast votes. your by won it’s but love, by fueled is movement This @TulsiGabbard: RT well. as government States United the control to want they now and economy, our of much controls already class billionaire The Bill: Trade Job-Killing to No Sanders: NEWS: .@RichardTrumka: TPP: on No Senate: to Sanders (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's right. priorities our get to time it's Maybe Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Roosevelt: D. Franklin President Prices: Rx Rising on Bill File Cummings Sanders, NEWS: Struggle: Towns and Close Factories When Deals Trade in Perils Read: Must Prices: Drug Rising Fights Sanders 3 bottom the than wealth more own world the in people 85 richest the when time a At (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's bill. education new his announce he'll where via conf press a livestream will Sanders Sen. 11:30amET at up Coming @MicNews: @ZeeshanAleem, - History in Debt Loan Student Most the Has 2015 of Class The Official: It's … tuition colleges/universities public 4-year make to bill his announcing is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE Tuition-Free: College Make Sanders: NEWS: @WashingtonPost: - waiting. still It’s town. Tennessee this for hope promised Clinton Bill @WolfBlitzer. with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 1:30pmET at up Coming @WolfBlitzer. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening higher of financing the approach we how in change fundamental a for time is It Tuition-Free: College Make Tuition-Free: College Make VIDEO: @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5:10pmET at up Coming universities. and colleges public at free tuition make to bill education his about talking on is Sanders Sen. NOW: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Wage: Minimum Raise to Vote LA Applauds Sanders NEWS: poverty. dire in live to not deserve they week, a hours 40 work people If Fraud: is Model Business Street Wall Says Sanders Crimes, to Guilty Plead Banks Big 5 After NEWS: everyone? for affordable college make to more do should government federal the believe you Do (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's stop. this make must We Defeated: Be Must TPP The Bill: Trade Job-Killing on Vote Senate on Statement Sanders NEWS: Bill: Trade Job-Killing on Votes Senate @voxdotcom: @mattyglesias, - @Reddit_AMA Sanders's Bernie from moments 11 care: health single-payer over @SpeakerBoehner debated Sanders Sen. 1993, In Tuition-Free: College Make (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news EXTRA Today's : the about @ChrisLHayes with talks Sanders Sen. VIDEO: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's living. of standard minimum a deserves country this in Everyone 202-536-2370 in: call or live: Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon-1pmET From 202-536-2370 in: call or live: Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. NOW: right. was He of piece no virtually Today live: Watch floor. the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Privacy: Our Protect Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Bill: Trade Job-Killing on Vote Senate on Statement Sanders NEWS: system. education higher nation's our revolutionize must We Orwellian An idea. radical a not is environment our Protecting Day: Memorial Marks Sanders (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's .@Pontifex: @NYTimes: - Theology Scorned Revives Poor on Focus Pope’s Read: Must .@CornelWest: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's in wounded body, in (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's sale. for not is Democracy moral? it's think we Do up. give to than up show to better is It (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Oligarchy vs. Democracy @NYTimes: @Bittman, - Fairly? Workers Food Treat Finally We Can Read: Must change. must It society. moral a not is That 1962. in @UChicago at sit-in a at speaks committee, action social CORE the of chairman then Sanders, Bernie is It (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's China. in not America, in jobs create that deals trade for time is It @BGov: @PeterGosselin, - Economy the to Jobs Million Add You How Here's Cuba. with relationship our rebuilding in forward step major a is This Prices: Drug Rising Fights Sanders Review: in Week The @MeetthePress. on Sunday this Sanders Sen. Watch (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Year: This Plants Close to Plans Off Back to Decision Service Postal Welcomes Sanders NEWS: of promise full (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's listings. local Check @MeetthePress. @NBC's on be will Sanders Bernie Sen. morning This .@Pontifex: -B time. difficult this during Bidens the to condolences our send I and Jane (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's http://… ! using me Tweet ask? to me like you would questions What @SenSanders: with speaking I'm 3pm: at LIVE @katiecouric: RT live: Watch @KatieCouric. with talking @YahooNews on be will Sanders Sen. 3pmET at up Coming Couric Katie to talks Sanders Bernie ET: 3 at Live @YahooTopNews: RT live: Watch @KatieCouric. with talking @YahooNews on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening @sensanders candidate presidential interviews @katiecouric live: Watch @YahooNews: RT crimes" non-violent for jail in people many too far far, far, have "We @katiecouric tells .@SenSanders @YahooNews: RT is citizens senior among Poverty revolution. political a need We (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's out? stressed are people our of millions why know you Do @thinkprogress: @PykeA - Taxes Income Pay Percent Richest The How At Glimpse Infuriating First Offer Data New @MitchellReports. with talking @MSNBC on be will Sanders Sen. 12:15pmET at up Coming @MitchellReports. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Bill: Spying Domestic Opposes Sanders NEWS: Act: Freedom USA the about yesterday @SenSanders w/ spoke I ICYMI: @katiecouric: RT Spying: NSA on out Speaks Sanders lives. decent and health live to entitled are Americans All Savings: Retirement No Have Households Older of Half NEWS: children. our for want I society free of kind the not is That @Maddow. Rachel with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 9pmET at up Coming @Maddow. Rachel with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's live: Watch @JohnsHopkins. at speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: War: Iraq Opposes Sanders Bernie Video: Flashback 2002 Security!’: Social Cut Not Will We ‘No, Bush: Gov. to Sanders Sen. NEWS: Workers: American for Fighting opportunities. job youth expand to bill his discuss to @HOPE_ProjectDC the at be will Sanders Bernie Sen. 11am at Tomorrow savings. retirement no have older or 55 someone with households American all of half than More opportunities. job youth expand to bill his discuss to @HOPE_ProjectDC the at be will Sanders Sen. 11am: at up Coming (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's privilege. a not right, a be must care Health opportunities. job youth expand to bill his discuss to @HOPE_ProjectDC the at is Sanders Sen. now: Happening bill jobs youth his discusses Sanders Sen. : on LIVE Bill: Jobs Youth Propose Conyers and Sanders NEWS: @WolfBlitzer. with talking @CNN on be will Sanders Sen. 1:10pmET: at up Coming @WolfBlitzer. with talking @CNN on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening America. in unemployment youth of crisis the ignore to continue cannot We America. in unemployment youth of crisis the ignore to continue cannot We People: Young Million 1 Employ to Billion $ Spend Let's Sanders: Bernie (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon-1pmET From Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's rich: the on taxes raising favor Americans of 68% (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's politics. and life American on influence much too have corporations large that believe Americans of 74% elected. remain don't they or electorate, involved an of views and needs the to respond officials elected Either Tragedy: National A Unemployment: Youth NEWS: tragedy. national this on backs our turn cannot We (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @MotherJones: -@AJVicens, Privilege the for Them Charge People-and Innocent of Tons Up Lock We it: miss Don't hour. first Wednesday's on is @SenSanders news: Big @drshow: RT now. by saved been have would it bank a were environment the If here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's ask? we should What day. @SenSanders It's @drshow: RT live: Listen @DRShow. with talking air the on is Sanders Sen. NOW: here: live Listen @DRShow. the on questions answering is Sanders Sen. NOW: now: @DRShow the on Sanders -Sen. Iraq. in war the from nothing learn will we that is fear My families. wealthy just not - all for right a be must education Higher @HelenaBengtsson: @suzyji years- three over $125m groups denial climate US gave donors Secretive Read: Must (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's work. to back workers unemployed of millions put to need We is unemployment “real” The Agenda: Values Family his announces Sanders Bernie people. vulnerable most its treats it how by but has it billionaires of number the by not morally judged is nation A values. family about talks that nation a just not are we that country this of people the showed we that time is It Sanders: Bernie Sen. from news Today's democracy. not is This process. political American the control increasingly super-PACs, their and billionaires, The country. our of families working the benefit to got have agreements Trade vote: for House applauds Sanders NEWS: it in them keep not poverty of out person a lift will job minimum-wage a that so wage minimum the raise to time It’s http:/… class middle the on war the end must we and end, must greed Corporate .@SenSanders: @GlobeOpinion: RT values family his details Sanders Review: in Week The more and middle-class the on war the trade, on votes House the Sanders: Sen. from news Today's @FaceTheNation on Sunday this Sanders Sen. Watch @BostonGlobe Sanders Sen. end"- must class middle the on war "The read: Must percent. one the just not people, all for work must economy The .@Pontifex: listings local your Check morning. this @FaceTheNation on Sanders Bernie Sen. Watch @BostonGlobe: Sanders, Bernie Sen. - class middle the on war The Sanders: Bernie Sen. from news Today’s enough! is Enough finds: GAO hungry, go 5) in 1 than (more seniors million 4 Nearly Finds: GAO Hungry, Go Seniors of Millions NEWS: @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5pmET: at up Coming @EdShow. 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening poverty. in living are country this in seniors of millions that acceptable not is It Sanders -Sen. workers. American for disaster a been have policies trade our understands history at looks who Anyone (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from News Today’s criminals like crimes committed not have who citizens treats that system a to subjected are people many Too citizenship. to path a with process immigration rational a need We today. hour per $16 than more be would it productivity, with pace kept had wage minimum the If live: Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening from. coming is meal next their where know not do they means that – insecure” “food are seniors million 4 Nearly year. a $7,600 of income average an on live seniors of percent 20 Sanders: -Sen. children. and elderly the including vulnerable most its for cares it how by judged is nation A (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's bill: jobs youth proposes America, in crisis unemployment youth the addresses Sanders Bernie Sen. 24. to 16 ages from youth million 1 employ government local and states help would bill My .@Neilyoung: @Slate: -@RosenbergTennis America in Debt With Living of Faces Many The Read: Must warm. themselves keep or medicine buy food, buy to ability their juggle to have day every seniors of Millions Change: Climate on Message Moral Francis’ Pope Welcomes Sanders NEWS: needed. actions bold the for catalyst a become should on message powerful Francis’ Pope nation. our taints still that racism of stain ugly the of reminder tragic a are killings church Charleston The sadness. deep deep, a and disgust outrage, with me fills violence senseless This nation. our taints still that racism of stain ugly the of reminder tragic a are killings church Charleston The . via pensions on conference press his livestreaming be will Sanders Sen. 11:30amET at up Coming here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening 1998 to Vote: Trade House on Statement Sanders NEWS: retirees million 10 to security retirement restore to bill unveils Sanders Sen. NEWS: Killings: Church Charleston the on Statement Sanders' kept. be to got has it pensions their to respect with country this of people working the to made is promise a When mistreated. grossly are who workers by picked be to eat they tomatoes want not does consumer American The terror” of act “an shooting Charleston Sanders: Sen. from news Today’s nullified. be cannot simply that workers by for paid and workers to made promise a are Pensions jobs. paying decent of millions and factories 60,000 almost lost have we 2001, Since killings Charleston to responds pensions, restore to plan unveils Sanders Sen. review: in week The home call they country the in be to right the deserve who kids are-American they who for DREAMers recognize must We Jr.: King Luther Martin Dr. : pension reverse to fight leads Sanders Bernie Sen. news: Today's poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who Nobody crumbling. is majority the of that exponentially, increasing is minority a of income the While .@Pontifex: oppressed. the for haven a been always has America Americans all for works that nation a create can we interests big-money the to up stand to prepared are we If billionaires for breaks tax more not and country our of people young the of needs the on focus to time is It here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Columbia. in grounds house state the from flag confederate the remove to SC of people the for overdue long is time the that believe I down. come should It history. racial stained nation’s our of relic a is flag Confederate The 26: June is Deadline here. apply can You office? Sanders Bernie Sen. in intern to Want flag Confederate the down Take Sanders: Bernie Sen. security social expanding for support broad finds poll , discusses Sanders Sen. news: Today’s top the to goes today generated income new all of 99% corporations multi-national major of CEOs for only not them for works that policy trade a deserve workers American says Sanders Sen. again, wins America Corporate NEWS: Sanders -Sen. interests big-money the just not and families working represents that policy trade new a need We at: live Listen 4:06-4:15pmET. from today @LeslieMarshall with talk will Sanders Sen. at: live Listen today. @LeslieMarshall with talking is Sanders Sen. NOW: @msnbc! on 5pET/4pCT/3pMT/2pPT at on @BernieSanders with to hour 1 ➨ @edshow: RT share fair their pay to corporations largest and people wealthiest the ask to have we say I when hawk deficit a I’m @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. minute a just In @Morning_Joe. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 8:30amET at up Coming @Morning_Joe. 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening workers undocumented for citizenship to path a for argues bill, trade on no votes Sanders Sen. news: Today's shadows. the of out neighbors our bring to time is It Bill: Transportation Passes Committee Senate NEWS: 2015. of Act Advancement Rights Voting the support strongly I bill: rights voting backs Sanders NEWS: end" must greed "Corporate .@SenSanders: @HuffPostBlog: RT time. same the at work to back Americans put and bridges and roads our fix can We enough! is Enough bill: transportation drafts bill, rights voting backs Sanders Sen. news: Today's tuned. Stay 11. at via live Watch tax. estate the on conference press his stream live will Sanders Sen. 11amET at up Coming # the of reading common-sense the recognized Court Supreme The tax. estate the on conference press a holding is Sanders Sen. : on LIVE upholding decision Court Supreme on statement Sanders' Bernie Sen. NEWS: inequality: wealth reduce to billionaires on tax proposes Sanders Sen. @jheil. and @MarkHalperin with talking @BloombergTV on be will Sanders Sen. 5:15pmET at up Coming @jheil. and @MarkHalperin with talking @BloombergTV on is Sanders Sen. NOW: @BloombergTV on @jheil and @MarkHalperin with talks Sanders Sen. Now: Happening pay overtime no earn employees of millions which in scandal the end must We here: Apply Friday. tomorrow, is Deadline Sanders? Bernie Sen. for intern to Want (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @nytopinion @papergirlmacy - Worker?" American the for Up Speaking "Who's read: Must little so have many so while much so have few so when economically or morally survive cannot nation Our law.’ under justice ‘Equal building: its upon engraved words the fulfilled Court Supreme the Today Marriage: Same-Sex on Decision Court Supreme on Statement Sanders NEWS: here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon at up Coming 202-536-2370 at: in Call here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. NOW: up. caught finally has Court the glad very I'm community. gay the marginalized has system justice our long too For more: &amp; rulings and to responded Sanders Sen. Review: in Week The people" working the to face the in slap another is tax estate the "Repealing .@RichardTrumka: here: time broadcast local your See @ThisWeekABC. on Sanders Bernie Sen. watch Tomorrow, @: -@billmckibben People" the to "Power Read: Weekend Orwell: George here: time broadcast local your Check morning. this @ThisWeeekABC on is Sanders Bernie Sen. @Pontifex - idols. new created have We tax. estate progressive a enact to is democracy our preserve and inequality wealth reduce to way fairest The up. give to than up show to better is It (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's States. United the - right a as care health guarantee not does that earth on country major one only is There decision Commission Redistricting Arizona on statement Sanders' Sen. NEWS: democracy. our and voters for bad is it partisanship by controlled are districts congressional When employees overworked for rules overtime new welcomes Sanders Sen. NEWS: workers. for news good and direction right the in step a is rules overtime in change overdue long This few. a just not people, the all to belong government our and country Our @Seven_Days: @PaulHeintz, - March Pride Gay Backed Sanders Decision, SCOTUS Before Years 32 Read: Must Sanders: Bernie Sen. from news Afternoon economy: American the of reality the is Here (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's years. five next the in infrastructure our rebuilding in trillion $1 invest should we view, my In enough. is War Cold of years Fifty to kids their send to afford can't they where society a on kindly look not do people American The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's education. college a get to ability the has country this in person every that sure make we how be should choice The corporations profitable and large to welfare corporate provide to government the for me to sense no makes It time. our of issue moral great the is inequality income and wealth of issue The poverty in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical a is it believe don't I @Politico: - Veterans Our for Fought Sanders Bernie How Read: Must share. fair their pay to class billionaire the asks that tax estate progressive a introduced have We raised. be must which wage, starvation a is $ ET Noon &amp; am 9 at tomorrow Union," the of "State CNN's on Sanders Sen. Watch extremism. that's bargaining, collective in together come to workers of right the deny you When @JakeTapper with @CNNSotu CNN's on is Sanders Bernie Sen. ET: Noon &amp; AM 9 at Today .@Pontifex: Union the of State CNN's on is Sanders Sen. Now: Happening @Politico: - Veterans" Our for Fought Sanders Bernie "How Read: Weekend United. Citizens overturn to need the is list the of top the At country. our facing crises major many are There Austerity: to 'No' Votes Greece NEWS: elderly. and sick children, poor, the for austerity more to NO saying for Greece of people the applaud I (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's fraud. a is economics down Trickle @nytimes: @TobarWriter - California" Hooverville, to "Welcome Read: Must Americans as responsibilities your shirk you if America of benefits the of advantage take to continue cannot You secure helped Sanders centers health for funding requests quietly GOP Sanders: Sen. from news afternoon Today's jail. in up end may today born males American African three in one and 50% is unemployment youth American African @TheRevAl. with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 6:40pmET at up Coming @TheRevAl. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening system. energy our transform to accept must we that responsibility moral a is There Greece and cuts pension pending unemployment, youth black addresses Sanders Sen. news: Today's families: low-income to accessible more energy solar make to legislation introduces Sanders Sen. NEWS: costs. these reduce help can energy solar to Access bills. electricity pay to struggle country this across Families crisis: financial Rico's Puerto on statement Sanders NEWS: base. tax its expand and jobs good-paying create economy, its rebuild can Rico Puerto that sure make must We college public free of idea" "grander proposes Rico, Puerto for protections bankruptcy backs Sanders News: Today's families. working divide to seeks that division of politics the against fight to have We -@the_intercept: Funding Request Quietly Expansion, Obamacare Sanders’ Sen. Denounce Publicly Republicans Read: Must class. middle the out bail to Street Wall for time is It live: Watch Senate. the on speaking be will Sanders Sen. 3:10pmET at up Coming NEWS: live: Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: nation. major any of poverty childhood of rate highest the have we yet and world the of history the in country wealthiest the are We country. our of kids the of all for system educational Pre-K universal a toward move must We enforcement law and jails on amounts incredible spend to than education and training job jobs, in invest to sense more lot a makes It Says: Sanders Embarrassment,’ ‘International an Children to Approach America’s NEWS: disappearing. been has class middle American great The embarrassment international an children to aproach America’s Sanders: Sen. broken. is power and wealth of concentration incredible the until about come to going is change real No 1974: to costs drug rising addresses proportions," crisis of issue "an unemployment youth calls Sanders Sen. News: Today's here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening here: Watch or 536-2370 202 now: show @Thom_Hartmann the Call Bernie? for question a have you Do change. to got has that clearly taxes federal in nickel a paying not corporations major have you When @TheAtlantic: -@Chris_arnade Street" Wall to Policing Broken-Windows "Bringing Read: Must @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5:15pmET at up Coming world industrialized Western the in people any of hours longest the work already Americans that is truth sad The @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. now Happening world the in countries other most in employees than hours longer work already Americans Sanders: Sen. earth on country any of hours longest the of some work to continue Americans productivity, in increases huge Despite @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on be will Sanders Sen. 8:30amET at up Coming @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on is Sanders Sen. NOW: immoral. is inequality income of level grotesque This reform finance campaign and immigration Rico, Puerto Sanders: Sen. from News Today's Prices: Broadband Cable, Probe to FCC on Call Senators NEWS: it. address to have We problems. devastating causing already is change Climate initiative solar low-income introduces poverty, child addresses Sanders Sen. review: in week The lifetime. his during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black 4 in 1 continue trends current If listings: local Check 12. July morning, Sunday @FaceTheNation CBS's on Sanders Sen. Watch legislation solar Sanders' price," any at profit of "mentality the criticizes Francis Pope News: Today's need. they that education early or childcare quality the receiving not are country this in children of Millions elections buying by democracy our undermine to able are billionaires which in society a accept not will We system!' just a want 'We say: must We .@Pontifex: listings: local your Check @FaceTheNation. CBS's on is Sanders Sen. TODAY: now @FaceTheNation on Sanders Sen. - exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a If poverty. in living are children our of percent 20 incomes. taxable on cap the lifting by benefits security social expand to got have We revolution. political a need We people. our of all for life of quality high a provides that society a to move to got We've Security Social expand to push the growth, economic on Sanders Sen. News: Today's succeed. to need they skills the and jobs the with people young our provide to got have We mainstream: the of out who's determine You Sanders: Bernie Sen. from News Today's shadow. the of out come can individuals so citizenship to path responsible a be should there believe I Agreement: Nuclear Iran on Statement Sanders NEWS: saber-rattling. over diplomacy for victory a is Iran with agreement nuclear The China. including earth on country other any than today jail in people more have we Tragically rise prices drug generic deal, nuclear Iran supports Sanders News: Today's need? they childcare affordable and quality the get cannot they that dads and moms working tell to it is sense What @stavernise: - Finds Study Poverty, in Live to Likely More Much Are in Children Black here: live Watch 2:15. at today floor Senate the on speaking be will Sanders Sen. Americans. African young of over-incarceration the be cannot and not is poverty and unemployment to answer The here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speak to way his on is Sanders Sen. here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. was it Hispanics for , was 17-20) (ages graduates school high black for rate unemployment real the 2015, 2014-March April From Sanders -Sen. jails. more and more in than education and jobs in invest to sense more lot a makes it be: can I as clear as be me Let lives productive leading start and school leave can kids our where situation a creating start to got We've leave maternity and vacation paid guaranteed for advocates Sanders Sen. news: Afternoon direction. wrong the in went it Sadly, America. in wealth of redistribution huge a was there 2013 and 1985 Between apart. them tear not families, unite that policies pursuing be should We Malaysia in trafficking human over concern" "grave expresses Sanders Sen. News: Today's here: live Watch floor. the on speaking is Sanders Sen. programs. job youth on 2177 amdt. @SenSanders up: vote Next @NSBAComm: RT unemployment. youth of level high obscenely an have we that is America in incarcerated people many so have we reasons the of One live: Watch people. young to jobs give to amendment Sanders' Sen. on voting is Senate The NOW: … threshold) vote (60 Act Achieves Child Every , to jobs) (youth #2177 amdt @SenSanders VOTE: @DSenFloor: RT Live: vote? senator your will How jobs. find people young help to amendment Sanders' Sen. on voting is Senate The Jails Not Jobs for Calls Visit, Prison President’s Praises Sanders NEWS: up them lock to than people young our to education and jobs provide to expensive less lot a is It jails not kids our for jobs in invest to come has time The reauthorization security. of sense a with and dignity with live to deserve seniors American drilling. more not energy, clean toward move to Congress need We drilling. arctic ban to bill @SenJeffMerkley’s co-sponsored I Today Reauthorization Act Americans Older of Passage Applauds Sanders NEWS: crisis. planetary a is change Climate Sanders: Bernie Sen. from News Today's -@EconomicPolicy 1978 Since Pay Worker Typical than Faster 90x Grown Has Pay CEO Read: Must parents. their than living of standard lower a have will Americans young course, reverse not do we If mistake. huge a was 1999 in banks investment with merge to banks commercial allowing and Glass-Steagall Repealing TX: Greenville, from M. Karla Act Americans Older the applauds deal, Iran to responds jails," not "jobs for calls Sanders review: in week The class. middle the against Americans wealthiest the by attack massive a been has there years, 40 last the For up. guys these break to have you that and Congress the regulates Street Wall that believe I rules. money charge, in is money today, charge in not is Man .@Pontifex: in did it that wealth of share same the maintained simply had 90% bottom the If wrong is That leave. family paid of form some workers its guarantee not does that economy advanced only the is US The hours. long incredibly work to forced being are women and men class, middle American the of collapse the With institutions financial largest the up break to got have we fail, to big too ending about serious truly are we If college to go to afford cannot people young of thousands of hundreds that interests best country's our against is It Security Social expand to calls hour, an $15 to wage minimum raise to legislation readies Sanders Sen. News: Today's program. leave family and medical a have and does earth on country major other every what do to got We’ve project rail Vermont supports Wednesday, legislation wage minimum unveil to Sanders News: Today's we what that understand we Gray, Freddie or Garner Eric or Bland, Sandra like names at look we When Video: college. to child a sent never have that families from mostly students, school high 500 to spoke Sanders @guardian: Bailey -Sontia jobs" two work I that little so earn I Capitol. US the at cashier a am "I Read: Must right. a as healthcare to entitled is country this in person every that says that vision a need We continues. justice economic and racial for struggle The http://t… @RepRaulGrijalva @keithellison @SenSanders with 11am tmrw DC in rally to ready are We @GoodJobsNation: RT hour. an $28 than more making be would today America in worker lowest-paid The behavior. police outrageous totally shows arrest Bland's Sandra of video This hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise to legislation unveil &amp; workers of hundreds address will Sanders Sen. ET: AM 11 at Periscope on LIVE arrest Bland's Sandra of video to responds wage, minimum $15 for calls Sanders Sen. News: Today's college. to kids their send to afford can’t they yet hard, working are country the across People Periscope on LIVE hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise to rally address will Sanders Sen. ET: AM 11 at up Coming bill wage minimum $15 announces Sanders Sen. : on LIVE wage minimum $15 announces Sanders : on LIVE Wage Minimum $15-an-Hour for Bill Introduces Sanders NEWS: hour. an $ of wage minimum federal the on survive cannot people working that is truth simple The corporations. and people rich from money for beg to have not and office for run to able be to people young want I Sanders -Sen. wage. living a to raised be to got It’s wage. starvation a is hour an $ Sanders -Sen. poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who one No wage minimum $15 for fights Bland, Sandra of death and arrest condemns strongly Sanders Sen. News: Today's poverty. in living are workers full-time of millions that disgrace national a is It reforms for called &amp; @edshow on Bland Sandra of death and arrest the condemned strongly Sanders Sen. ICYMI values. family our not values, family their are Those … economists: national noted &amp; @SenSanders by led debt Greek on discussion a for 2:30 @ 30 July in Tune @SenateBudget: RT wage: living a for rally yesterday's from Pictures Bailey -Sontia ahead. stay and ahead, get can women working way only the is union a and wage living A catastrophic. is This century. this of end the by warmer degrees 10 to 5 be could planet our say Scientists labeling GMO block to bill passes House Sanders, Sen. in champion a found have proponents wage living News: Today's child. her feeding is she what know to right the has mother A … here: more Read do. to thing right the is wage minimum $15/hr a agree: country the in economists top 210 @SenateBudget: RT Glass-Steagall reinstating supports arrest, Bland Sandra to responds $15, for fights Sanders Review: in Week The video: the Watch wage. starvation a is wage, minimum federal current the $, need. in most people the treats it how by judged is greatness nation’s a us, reminded FDR As listing: local your Check @chucktodd. with @meetthepress NBC's on be will Sanders Sen. Sunday: coal and gas, oil, big for subsidies and breaks tax ended we If work. same the perform who men to compared dollar the on cents 78 earn women that unconscionable It’s airtime: for listing local your Check morning. this @meetthepress NBC's on is Sanders Sen. -@Pontifex fittest. the of survival the and competition of laws the under comes everything Today reform. finance campaign about serious deadly be must we change climate &amp; jobs creating about serious are we If Bank. Export-Import the through corporations multi-national to welfare corporate providing be not should We America. in sold be not should hunting, for not people, kill to used exclusively guns of types Certain change. to got has That families. their feed to afford cannot and week a hours 40 working are People solutions: control gun sense" "common for calls Sanders privilege. a not right, a is care Health situations. abuse domestic in involved who’s or background criminal a has who gun a have should Nobody Vox with down sits Sanders &amp; bipartisanship of history Sanders' Sen. at looks Journal National News: Today's discussion: the to RSVP -@JosephEStiglitz: Lamb" Sacrificial the "Greece, Read: Must Jr. King Luther Martin Rev. - poor." the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This march! the after about speaking @SenSanders @TheArcUS: RT here: RSVP Day equity. pay full for fight and women with stand to have we Men, smoking for record criminal a with Americans young many so stigmatize we that obscenity an is It hour? an $15 to wage minimum the raising support you Do poll: the Take RSVP: Crisis. Debt Greek the discussing be will Stiglitz Joseph &amp; Sanders Sen. Thursday: fuels. fossil from away system energy our transform aggressively to is now job Our … human-caused." real, is agree Scientists over. is debate The crisis. planetary this address to got have "We @EnergyDems: RT : Parenthood Planned on statement Sanders' NEWS: elections. buy to people of ability the equal not does speech Free Drug: Critical for Overcharging Combat to Officials Urge @RepCummings &amp; Sanders NEWS: … pm 2:30 at tomorrow conference debt Greek at others &amp; @JosephEStiglitz @SenSanders meet to chance Great @SenateBudget: RT them: impacted have programs the how about Sanders Sen. wrote people Medicaid, &amp; Medicare of Anniversary 50th the On health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to Republicans by attempt The stories: more See Oregon. -Alan, " have I'd Medicare "Without program. important enormously this defend we that important is it Medicare, of anniversary 50th the celebrate we As 902 Rm Building Office Senate Hart in 2:30PM at TODAY @JosephEStiglitz and Sanders Sen. with Greece in crisis the about discussion the Join Sanders -Sen. privilege. a not people all for right a is care Health Sanders -Sen. care? health to entitled is everyone that believe we do ask: to is job our society moral a As Sanders -Sen. child." and woman man, every cover to Medicare expand to need we that say to come has time "The Medicare-for-All Proposes Sanders Medicare, of Anniversary 50th On NEWS: crisis Greek ongoing the discuss to others and @SenSanders join will @JosephEStiglitz Thursday On @rooseveltinst: RT well. as issue security national global a also is this issue, environmental an just not is This right: a as care health guarantee not does that world industrialized the in nation major only the is America live: Watch @JosephEStiglitz. economist prize nobel with Crisis Debt Greek the discusses Sanders Sen. Now: Happening : life her impacted Medicare how shared Ann leave paid guarantee not does that country major only the being of embarrassment international the end must We insurance, health no have still who people million 35 have we Act Care Affordable the of gains modest the Despite system care health Medicare-for-all a for plan his announce Sanders Sen. Watch it knows America in nobody but world, the of history the in nation wealthiest the is This it. doing while rich getting and impunity with planet the destroying is industry fuel fossil The Parenthood Planned defund to efforts Republican rebukes &amp; Medicare-for-all for calls Sanders Sen. Review: in Week The -@thenation: Greece to Happening What’s About Care Should You Why Explains Sanders Bernie listings: local your Check @ThisWeekABC. ABC's on is Sanders Bernie Sen. Sunday: incarcerated. the for training skills real and education real need We prison. from back path a be to needs There hungry! going are country this in children when billionaires to breaks tax give not will We listings: local your Check Week." "This ABC's on is Sanders Sen. morning This .@Pontifex: poverty. in live should worker full-time no that – simple be should America in work time full of benchmark The contributors. major to payoff a as system political our of subversion complete a seen just We’ve Carter: President system energy our transform to boldly move must we &amp; us facing crisis planetary great the is change climate knows Obama Pres elections funded publicly for pushes , the welcomes Sanders Sen. News: Today's energy renewable toward &amp; fuels fossil from away system energy or transform to boldly move must We college. attending at shot fair a income, their or race their of regardless children, our give to need We emissions. gas greenhouse reduce dramatically must We clear. is task Our crisis. planetary a is change Climate health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to attempt Republicans’ Senate Crisis Debt Greek the addresses Sanders Bernie Sen. enough. is enough clearly: and loudly say to come has time The Women on Attack Republican Denounces Sanders Sen. NEWS: Sanders -Sen. little." so have many so and much so have few so when unsustainable simply is economy global "The supports health," women's on attack "an cuts Parenthood Planned attempted calls Sanders News: Today's tuition. afford cannot but college to go to ability &amp; desire the have who people young have we that insane It's @cspan on politics in money of influence the about speak will Sanders Sen. ET: AM 11:30 at up Coming here: Watch politics. of out money take to legislation announces Sanders Bernie Sen. now: Happening Sanders -Sen. America." in perishing is people' the for people, the by people, the of 'government 2015, year the "In Sanders Sen. - rich?" super the and rich the represent only who candidates elect to used be will billions many "How elected. gets who determine companies and individuals wealthy of handful a where country this in movement rapid a about talking are We bribery" political unlimited with oligarchy, "an is US The Carter: Jimmy President Sanders Sen. - them." for do can they what billionaires telling not are candidates where one be should future the for vision "Our Bribery’ ‘Legalized of System ‘Corrupt’ Replace to Elections of Funding Public Proposes Sanders NEWS: up. locked get people many how be not should enforcement law for success of measure The -@BuzzFeedNews: Nightmare a Find Workers Foreign , the to Invited Slavery: American New The Read: Must speech: the Watch bribery. legalized of system corrupt our replace must We Sanders: mainstream goes push anti-austerity elections, funded publicly for calls Sanders News: Afternoon States. United the in perishing is people the for people, the by people, the of government that much very fear I process political the in participate can income of regardless people all which in nation a be should vision Our @jorgeramosnews: with reform immigration talks bribery, legalized slams Sanders News: Today's bribery. legalized to amounts and corrupt is system campaign current The leave family paid guaranteeing in world industrialized the of rest the join to time It's compensation. worker times 300 nearly is compensation CEO Today America: in means inequality what is This communities: our helps the How Americans of millions helped has Act Leave Medical Family the years, 22 For earth. on country major every virtually behind lags US the respects many in values family real of terms In values! family real need We Rule Pay CEO on Statement Sanders NEWS: life. dignified a live to order in need they what receive people that guarantee a be must There rule: pay CEO new applauds , and suppression voter discusses Sanders News: Today's America! in racket prison private-for-profit the end to got have We b… ballot the to barriers all &amp; any of removal the requires society fair &amp; just A democracy. of foundation the is vote Our @repjohnlewis: RT Jr. -MLK myself. possess not do I vote to right the possess irrevocably and firmly not do I as long So on Turnout Voter Increase to Legislation Introduces Sanders NEWS: Watch: democracy. not oligarchy, is now at looking are we What destroyed. being is system political American The speech: Sanders' Sen. Watch suppression." voter against back fight and up stand to us for come has time "The 2011: in @TheDailyShow the on Stewart Jon joined Sanders Sen. when to heard. voices their make can Americans all that so automatically vote to registered be must 18 over Everyone ET PM 6:10 at @TheRevAl with @PoliticsNation MSNBC's on is Sanders Sen. up: Coming Act Rights Voting the of anniversary 50th the discussing @TheRevAl with MSNBC on is Sander Sen. Now: Happening country." major any of turnout voter highest the have America see to want "I : on Sanders Sen. News: Today's suppression. voter against back fight and up stand to us for come has time The live: Watch Program. Hartmann Thom the on is Sanders Sen. Now: Happening struggle. people because place takes Change @gillianbwhite: -@TheAtlantic Recovery" America's in Gaps Racial "The Read: Must turnout: voter on lead to for calls system, finance campaign broken slams Sanders Review: in Week The in. engage can it wars many how not is nation great a of test The : on Sanders Deal: Nuclear Iran Supports Sanders NEWS: listing: local your Check morning. Sunday @FaceTheNation CBS's on Sanders Sen. Watch equitable. be should it fair, be only not should wage living A Worker Social Vermont Slain on Statement Sanders NEWS: 1%? top the to going is income new all of 99% that happy we Are democracy. our on attack pronged two the seeing are We listing: local Check @FaceTheNation. CBS on Sanders Sen. Watch Today: warming. this combat to lifestyle of changes for need the recognize to called is Humanity .@Pontifex: debt. into going without college to go can American every that sure make can we Street, Wall out bail could we If people. its of all to care health provide doesn't that earth on country major only the is US the why know to want I Iran: with agreement nuclear the support will he @FaceTheNation CBS' tells Sanders News: Today's Roosevelt: D. Franklin President system. education higher nation’s our revolutionize must We families. working middle-class of reality the with do to nothing has today Congress US the in place takes What deal: nuclear Iran the supports he why explained Sanders Sen. Yesterday, resort. first the not resort, last the be should war that believe I terrible. is It real. is war of cost The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift should job A undergrads: for free tuition colleges public make to plan Sanders' applauds Times York New The News: Today's 1%. the just not and us of all for work government our make to time It's Sequestration by Caused Losses Job on Statement Sanders NEWS: society, our to threat serious a pose not do who Americans young non-violent of incarceration over the end must We http://… @USCBO): (via jobs million to up add could America cuts, budget harmful end to agree Congress in Republicans If @WhiteHouse: RT years. two next the over jobs million as many as of loss the at looking we’re sequestration, end to act not does Congress If cuts: budget arbitrary stops Congress if created be could jobs million to up finds @USCBO News: Today's be. can country great this what of think to you want I program. loan student our restructure fundamentally must We pay. overtime any without 60-hours-a-week to 50- working women million of absurdity the end must We society. of form oligarchic an to vote, one person, one society, democratic a from quickly very moving are We Sanders Bernie - ALL." IT HAVE CAN'T YOU is; message that and class billionaire the to message a have "We @MiaFarrow: RT rights. other all of preservative is vote to right The -B family. his and him with are thoughts My people. American the to life his devoted has Carter Jimmy President : the protect to fight in justice environmental on focusing Sanders Sen. News: Today's to. entitled are they benefits and care heath the get veteran every that sure make to going are We elections.” buy to continue cannot money “Big 1997: in Sanders Sen. poverty childhood of rate highest the and billionaires of proliferation a have we that wrong profoundly It's renewable 100% goes Burlington bill, wage minimum $15 Sanders' Sen. of impact The News: Afternoon right. human a is care Health years: the through consistency Sanders Sen. examines Maddow Rachel MSNBC's News: Today's Act. Rights Voting the restore to legislation consider to refused have Republicans that crime &amp; embarrassment an It's changed: hasn’t message Sanders’ Sen. Senate, States United the to Hall City Burlington From . with relations diplomatic normal develop to moving for Kerry Secretary &amp; Obama President applaud I history. nation’s our in program government successful most the is American. eligible every to owed benefit every out paid has Security Social bad, and times good Through deficit." the with do to nothing has Security "Social Reagan: Ronald President prices: drug rising investigate @RepCummings and Sanders Sen. News: Afternoon cuts: budget of impact on numbers CBO of description Sanders’ in inaccurate Nothing @EconomicPolicy: from Read Must incarceration. and jails not education, and jobs in investing be should We country. this in immigrants undocumented million 11 include must that everybody about talk we When percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost own not should percent one of one-tenth top The government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does speech of Freedom -@Pontifex filth. of pile immense an like more and more look to beginning is home, our earth, The decision. United Citizens disastrous the overturn must We attack. fierce under is democracy Our Bond. Julian of passing the on statement Sanders NEWS: no-brainer. a is pipeline XL Keystone the Rejecting Sanders -Sen. all. for justice to life his dedicated Bond Julian movement. rights civil the in figure heroic a of loss the mourn We wage: minimum hour an $15 for push leads issues, wrong on focusing for media out calls Sanders News: Today's care. quality provide to not possible, as money much as make to is goal companies' insurance Private Security Social for qualifying before 70 or 68 they're until work to Americans working-class ask to unacceptable It's drilling. more is needs environment our thing last the change, climate to due warming is planet our when time a At college? to kids their send and table the on food put to struggling people ordinary of side the on you Are sequestration: by caused losses job highlight to right Sanders News: Today's families working-class on rates interest high on profiteering of business the in be not should government US The program care health national single-payer a as child and woman man, every cover to Medicare expand to need We vote. to right the for fought and organized women American because ago years 95 ratified was Amendment 19th The change climate of crisis the tackle to more do must we but step important an is emissions methane cut to plan EPA’s corporations. private by run country this in penitentiaries have we that obscene is It negotiations budget open to Republicans push Democrats Senate and Sanders Sen. News: Afternoon drugs: prescription for more paying and less for harder working are Americans News: Today's habitable. is that way a in planet this leave we that certain make to responsibility moral a have We process political the own increasingly class billionaire the and class millionaire The disagree! I body. own her control to right the have not should woman a that are values family Republicans' families. working of aid the to come to Street Wall for time It's Sanders: Sen. on West Cornel -- truth." the speaks who politician a be to possible it’s that shows "He News: Today's media. establishment and economics establishment politics, establishment of tired and sick are people American The … event: an for Q&amp;A a leading @WhiteHouse, the at back is Fiorile Gina student Today: @uvmvermont: RT House: White the from live Q&amp;A a lead Fiorile Gina leader and student @uvmvermont Watch -@bydarrylfears: say scientists drought, California the worsened warming Global Read: Must @jegner: -@nytimestravel Vermont Burlington, in Hours 36 Read: Must privilege. a not right, a be should Education kids of generation entire an on backs our turning are We well and alive is today suppression Voter change: climate stopping racism, institutional ending wages, raising on focused Sanders Sen. News: Today's country major other every virtually in exists right that and care, health to entitled is child and woman, man, Every people. of millions of tens affects that poverty crippling the address must we communities, our empower truly To failure. a been has drugs on war the that question no is There up. give to than up show to better is It Street. Wall on greed the of because is collapsing is class middle the why reasons major the of One remains. activity political their while corporations of control effective no be can There Roosevelt: Teddy President roads? crumbling our rebuild to afford can't but wars ending never on trillions spend can we that happen it does How .@Pontifex: drilling more is needs environment our thing last the change, climate to due warming is planet our when time a At Sanders Sen. - low." damn too just are people of millions for America in "Wages 2007. in did she than year last less $1,337 made worker female typical the that unacceptable is It policy: foreign on positions Sanders' Sen. at look closer a takes @YahooPolitics News: Today's policies. trade disastrous our ended we time high is It Americans. working for disaster a been has trade free Unfettered in. are results The all. it have cannot they class billionaire the to clear it make and up stand to need We security! social expand to going are We security! social cut to going not are We world. the in turnout voter highest the have must we then democracy, vibrant a in believe truly we If panic: stock after Street Wall hits Sanders Sen. News: Today's ago. years 26 was it than today lower is income family median real that disgrace national a is It poverty. in live should worker full-time no that – concrete and simple be should America in work time full of benchmark The Care Quality High for Funding Additional and Recognition National Receive Centers Health Vermont NEWS: this in people 15 wealthiest the poverty, in living are Americans million 45 While savings in $10,000 than less have workers American of half over Today, Street: Wall and Washington between door revolving stop to bill supports Sanders Sen. News: Today's accomplish. cannot we nothing is there us, of all to belongs country this enough, is enough say, we When workers. wage minimum of two-thirds nearly represent Women delivery: overnight reinstate to @USPS on calls Sanders Sen. NEWS: dream. American the with hell to class; middle American the with hell to is saying are they What jails. of out billions making corporations private of absurdity the end must We voices" "prophetic are Pope and Sanders delivery, overnight reinstate to Service Postal urges Sanders News: Today's poverty. in living are America in kids of percent 20 nearly that embarrassment international an is It economy. productive a creating of part is that system banking a need We -@jsyche: Is Workers And CEOs Between Gap Pay The Outrageous How Here's Read: Must elections. and candidates buy to able being billionaires and corporations about not is democracy American tax: transaction financial Sanders' Sen. for call renews volatility Street Wall News: Today's truth." the tell just I hell. them give don't "I Truman: Harry President all. it want class billionaire the and brothers Koch The Freedom: and Jobs for Washington on March the of power the on reflects Sanders Sen. WATCH: Americans. million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart of family Walton the family, one Today, right: was he But election. an won Hitler saying for liar a called was Sanders Sen. @voxdotcom: from Read Must Sunday. on @ThisWeekABC and Union the of State @CNN’s join will Sanders Sen. ago. years 42 did he than year last less $783 made worker male typical the that unacceptable is It country. this in investing starts America corporate that so policies trade our in changes fundamental for time It’s @billmckibben: by Planet the and Pope The @nybooks: from Read Must -@Pontifex philanthropy. mere not is labor human and earth the of fruits the of distribution just a for Working poverty. in live should worker full-time no that be should America in work time full of benchmark The debt. student of issue the with deal must We more. or $100,000 $50,000, of debts carrying are today graduates college that absurd is It July: in to bill introduced Sanders wage, min $15/hour includes now platform Democratic News: Today's money. for billionaires upon dependent are politicians and corrupt become has system finance campaign our United Citizens of result a As ET PM 12 at @mitchellreports with MSNBC on Sanders Bernie Sen. Watch @mitchellreports with @msnbc on Sanders Sen. Watch ET: Noon at up Coming people. wealthiest the and Street Wall just not and us of all represents that government a want people American The poverty. in living children many so have we when billionaires to breaks tax give to sense no makes It seen ever have we blunders policy foreign worst the of one as down go will think I which war Iraq the against voted I ways horrendous in planet this threatening is change climate that scientists all nearly &amp; w/@Pontifex along believe I effectively" and selectively "very used be must drones argues Sanders Sen. News: Today's far. by -- world the in drugs prescription for prices highest the pay Americans Prices: Drug Soaring on Legislation Proposes Sanders NEWS: high? unreasonably are prices drug prescription believe you Do Bernie: Tell society of form oligarchic an to vote, one person, one society, democratic a from quickly very very, moving are We -@marialaganga: sea the by up chewed is island as struggle villagers Alaskan change: climate is This Read: Must poverty. in living not are county this in people so hour an bucks 15 least at to wage minimum the raise should we believe I drugs: prescription of cost skyrocketing the slow to proposal releases Sanders Sen. News: Today's taxes. of share fair their paying start to corporation largest the asking by revenue new substantial need We people. all of right a be must Education in: Weigh action. take must government the say 98% &amp; high too are prices drug say 99% responded. have people 6,000 funding: Parenthood's Planned cut Republicans if happens what bare lays Louisiana Read: Must government. the own could billionaires that was United Citizens in said essentially Court Supreme the What manner. peaceful a in conflicts resolve can it how but in engage can it wars many how not is nation great a of test The war. another yet avoiding while weapon, nuclear a produce to ability Iran’s limiting of chance best the has Iran with agreement nuclear The support overwhelming receives prices drug skyrocketing in rein to proposal Sanders' Sen. News: Today's share fair their paying start to well phenomenally doing are who people ask must we inequality massive of time a At behind: left were wages then but productivity with along increased wages workers' 1973 Until sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans infrastructure. crumbling our rebuilding by jobs paying decent of millions create to need We change. to got has That men. to compared dollar the on cents 78 earning be should women why reason rational no is There drugs: prescription of cost increasing the slow to moves and war of cost the discusses Sanders Sen. News: Today's exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a when that Street Wall tells which movement a need We -@nytimes Paychecks in Drop Biggest See Workers Low-Income Read: Must class. middle American the against today country this on going war 40-year a is There program. loan student our restructure fundamentally must We TPP. disastrous the defeating includes that and policies trade disastrous our end will that movement a need We exchange: the Watch -@HuffingtonPost. Inequality Income Over Up It Laugh Secretaries Treasury Rich Three Read: Must @HuffingtonPost — Mandate Vacation A Support Overwhelmingly Americans citizenship. to path a on States United the in living people undocumented million 11 puts which legislation need We deficient. structurally is US the in bridges 9 in 1 than more Today elections. and candidates buy to continue cannot they that class billionaire the and brothers Koch the tells which movement a need We land? without farmworkers many so are there where world a in wrong is something that realize truly we Do .@Pontifex: know to need you statistics income and jobs the lists index day labor Sanders' Sen. News: Today's families. working against war the of tired and sick are We @HuffingtonPost — Back Fight and Together Stand 2015: Day Labor on Sanders Sen. military-industrial-complex. the for lobbyists the not children, hungry of cries the to listen must We poverty. in live to "freedom" the with Americans other leave to want They all. it want billionaires These … Sanders Bernie from index Day Labor A money: and jobs the have doesn't who and does Who @latimes: RT life. decent a at chance a has the in person working every that so again once class middle the for fight to time It's class. middle the for works which economy an create to us for overdue long is time The … country this of people working the honoring of importance the about writes .@SenSanders @HuffPostPol: RT class. middle our built who organizers and activists the of accomplishments the celebrate to time a is Day Labor workers. all to leave sick paid extend to has now Congress do. to thing right the is order executive president's The jobs. paying decent of millions create &amp; infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to program jobs massive a need We thank. to people the are movement labor the of women and men the pension a or day sick a vacation, paid a enjoyed ever you've If inequality income growing highlighting and workers thanking by Day Labor celebrates Sanders Sen. News: Today's America. in inequality wealth of degree obscene the reduces which system tax a need We need. they that drugs prescription the afford can country this in everyone that sure make to got have We -@climateprogress Emissions Gas Greenhouse Their Reducing By Just Trillion $17 Save Could Cities Read: Must poverty. in living not are county this in people so hour an bucks 15 least at to wage minimum the raise should we believe I Bernie: Tell you? affected prices drug prescription skyrocketing have How earth. on country other any than jail in people more has States United the that reality tragic the end to need We prices drug prescription lower to and prisons private reform to bills introduce will Sanders Sen. News: Today's Americans. of incarceration the from profiting corporations of practice disgraceful the end to need We health. women's on attack an is Parenthood Planned for funding off cut to Republicans by attempt The leave paid guarantee not does that earth on country major only the being of embarrassment the end to got We've Iran: with agreement nuclear the about floor Senate the on speak will Sanders Sen. ET: PM 4:30 at up Coming here: preview a See ET. PM 4:30 at deal Iran the supports he why about speak will Sanders Sen. here: Watch . the about Floor Senate the on speaks Sanders Sen. Now: Happening Iraq. with war to go to need the on forcefully out spoke who people same the are agreement Iran the against out spoken have have who Those again. happen it see to want not do I happen. did fact in feared I what of much Sadly, Iraq. in war the against voted I engagement. military to resorting before solutions diplomatic pursue to obligation an have we believe I on. were we path the than better far is it mind, my to But not. course Of like? would I everything achieve agreement Iran the Does succeed. to chance a Iran with agreement negotiated the give to us upon incumbent is it think I Deal Nuclear Iran the Support I Why Option: Last the Be Should War Sanders: Sen. speech: his Watch Deal. Iran the supports Sanders Sen. Why @WSJ via prices drug high targeting bill introduce to Sanders Bernie @Loftus: RT prices drug prescription lower to bill introduces , of opponents slams Sanders News: Today's resort. first the not resort, last a be must war that understand not do colleagues Republican my of many that fear I Periscope. on Live prices. drug skyrocketing in rein to legislation announce will @RepCummings and Sanders Sen. ET: AM 10 at up Coming here: online LIVE – Prices Drug Prescription on @RepCummingson &amp; .@SenSanders @cspan: RT prices drug skyrocketing addresses Sanders Sen. now: Watch prescribed. are you medication the afford cannot you if matter not does it but world the in doctor best the have could You prices drug lower to legislation introducing are they announced @RepCummings @SenSanders @OversightDems: RT drug. that afford cannot people American the if good no does drug life-saving A need. they medication life-saving the take to afford cannot they because die will they that fear in live to have not should Americans Prices Drug Soaring Lower to Legislation Comprehensive Introduce Cummings Sanders, NEWS: @wolfblitzer with CNN on Sanders Sen. Watch ET: 1PM at up Coming speech: Sanders Sen. Watch stop." to got has It Americans. killing is industry pharmaceutical the of greed "The war. that of consequences unintended the comprehend to easy so not it war, to go to easy is It sentences. prison longer and incarceration not rehabilitation, on be must emphasis Our Vote Deal Nuclear Iran on Statement Sanders NEWS: longer. any suffering are who Americans rip-off companies drug the let cannot We ET PM 8:15 at @chrislhayes with MSNBC on Sanders Sen. Watch http://… lost. lives the honor to silence of moment a observe will 8:46AM at morning This . remember We @SenateSAA: RT cancer. with diagnosed being for bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In @StoryCorps: -@NPR Memorial" Enduring An And — Work Of Place A Cemetery, Brooklyn A "At 9/11: Remembering responsible people the prosecuting not was crisis financial the after made government our mistakes biggest the of One industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everybody, for work that policies drug prescription implement to time It's earth. on country other any than jail in people more has States United the that reality tragic the end to need We listings: local your Check Sunday. this @meetthepress NBC's on is Sanders Sen. -@chicoharlan: States United the in day a $2 on live to like it’s What Read: Must not do banks of CEOs the while marijuana, smoking for records criminal have youth many that acceptable not is It homes. million than more power to States United the in installed solar enough now is there 2015, of half first the Through undermined. being are democracy of foundations the and corrupted totally been has system political American The listings: local your Check @meetthepress. NBC's on morning this Sanders Sen. Watch of cut the in image heartless and new a found has old of calf golden the of worship The @Pontifex: greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and country this destroying is class billionaire the of greed The respond. to got has world The backs. their on clothes the just with Iraq and Syria leaving are People world. the in turnout voter highest the have must we then democracy, vibrant a in believe truly we If crisis refugee to respond must world says Sanders News: Today’s hour. an $15 to wage minimum the raise will we that and wage living a deserves America in worker every that says which movement a need We about. be should America what not is That hungry. bed to go children of millions when suffer morality and justice view my In it. close anything or society just a is US the that case the make to anyone for hard be think, I would, It direction. wrong the exactly in us move would movement union trade the on attack Walker’s Gov. richer even corporations large &amp; wealthy the making while receive people working that benefits the &amp; wages lower would plan Walker’s Gov. wealth. and money serve to have not should people The people. the serve should wealth and Money prices. drug prescription lowering on leads Sanders News: Today's children. many including care health of off people million 27 threw budget Republican the that understand children about talk you When EST. 12PM at today @mitchellreports @MSNBC's join will Sanders Sen. wealth. great and money of acquisition the worships which world, a in and nation a in living are We @SenSanders and @GKButterfield with DC to marchers Welcoming @EleanorNorton: RT America. of story a is story our story, my story, Their poverty? in living are county this in children the of 20% that moral is it think you Do interests. special of ahead health and profits of ahead people puts that system care health national a is need we What March. joins Sanders News: Today's income. of regardless education college a get to able be must desire the and ability the have who kids our of All -@brycecovert: Years Seven In Improved Hasn’t Gap Wage Gender The Read: Must change. to got has That men. to compared dollar the on cents 78 earning be should women why reason rational no is There lives. save to order in it from away not disaster the into raced responders first Our Report: Poverty and Income on Statement Sanders NEWS: billion. $170 by increase wealth their saw years two last the in people wealthiest 15 the when justice no is There people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must does, US the as goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society A @ChrisCuomo with CNN on Sanders Sen. Watch Now: Happening incarceration. mass prevent that conditions the create to can we everything do to be must goal Our universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It prisons. private of end the for call to @SenSanders Joining @keithellison: RT bars behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should Corporations Prisons: Private Ban to Bill Introduce Leaders House Sanders, NEWS: -@AlanaSemuels Families American Costs Incarceration What Read: Must around. that turn to begin will Act apart. families pulls society, our harms incarceration Mass population: prison the reducing of question harder the address &amp; racket prison profit for private the end must We earth. on population educated best the having of distinction the have to country our want I now. Morning This @CBSNews on live is Sanders Sen. prisons private ban to bill introduces Sanders News: Today's little. so have many so and much so have few so when justice no is there that understand to have we justice, and morality about talk we When ht… @RepRaulGrijalva @SenSanders Act w/ ban we if things good 7 @Grassroots_News: RT month. a jobs their losing were people 800,000 office left Bush when that forgotten have to seem Republicans health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to Republicans by attempt The @colbertlateshow CBS's on Sanders Sen. Watch ET: PM 11:30 at Tonight racket. prison private the end must We leave. medical and family paid of weeks twelve for fight will I Colbert Stephen with Show Late The to class middle the lifting of message his brought Sanders Sen. News: Today's married. get to able be shouldn't sisters and brothers gay our that are values family Republicans' sick. are they when doctor a to go to right a have children God's of all is about talking are we what morality, about talk we When wages. low abysmally for hours long working are people country this over all when justice no is There right. a as care health guaranteeing in world the around nations other joins which nation a be can We -@Pontifex inequality" and exclusion of economy an to NO say us "Let poverty. in living not are county this in people so hour an $15 least at to wage minimum the raise should we believe I process the in jobs decent-paying of millions create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to got have We country. our of people working and poor the with stand to courage the have we that imperative is it justice and morality toward strive we If fraud. a is economics down Trickle prices. drug prescription skyrocketing against fight the leads Sanders News: Today's prices: drug lower to plan Sanders' Read sick. get they if bankrupt go will they fear in live shouldn't Americans -@nytimes Overnight $750, to Tablet a $ From Goes Drug Read: Must Colbert: Stephen with Show Late The on Bernie Drug. Life-Saving of Increase Price “Overnight” Investigate Cummings and Sanders News: companies. pharmaceutical the of greed the to up stand to Congress for come has time The lives. healthy live to need they that drugs prescription the afford can country this in everyone that sure make to got have We increases price skyrocketing of list long a in latest the just is Daraprim for increase price overnight enormous The drug old 62-year a for price in spike $700-plus a justify to Pharmaceuticals Turing on calls Sanders News: Today's -@jcarrsmyth contact sexual unwanted report women college 4 in 1 Read: Must Getty | visit pope for workers striking join to Sanders Bernie @politico: RT justice. economic and social for call his heed will Congress that hope I US, the to Francis Pope welcome we as Today, families their of care take to enough earn not do Senate the in including US the in working people when justice no is There @GoodJobsNation union. a want We pay. fair want We justice. want We enough. is Enough http:… justice social for call heed to Congress on calls workers federal paid low for strike at Pope welcomes Sanders Bernie @RobertsDan: RT @maryaliceparks via Alike Sounded Francis Pope and Sanders Bernie Times 10 @BenjaminBell: RT Workers. Capitol Striking Joins Sanders NEWS: government US the but Walmart or McDonalds not is employer low-wage largest the when justice no is There @Reagan_Airport welcome hero's a to arrive Flight Honor female all first the aboard Veterans @Reagan_Airport: RT vote. to people for easier it make to possible everything doing be should we Day Registration Voter National On abortions certain prohibited have would that legislation block to voting after statement Sanders NEWS: Sequestration. on Statement Sanders NEWS: … @Sam_Frizell visit Francis' Pope of ahead workers Capitol striking joins Sanders Bernie @ryanbeckwith: RT bodies. own their control to country this in women of right the politicizing stop should Republicans … workers federal for increase wage a for call his amplify to Washington to visit pope's the using is Sanders Bernie @nytimes: RT Francis Pope about floor Senate the on speak will Sanders Sen. up: Coming inequal… economic to attention bringing Francis Pope about speaking floor Senate the on is Sanders Sen. arrives, pope the As @bridgetbhc: RT elections. of funding public to move and United Citizens overturn to got have we view, my in why, is that and rule, does Money to Francis Pope Welcomes Sanders NEWS: Watch: union. a and wage minimum $15 for calls Francis, Pope welcoming workers Capitol striking joins Sanders Sen. 8pmEST. at it Tune prices. drug skyrocketing and about talk to tonight @allinwithchris @MSNBC’s join will Sanders Sen. proposal: Sanders Sen. world. the in anywhere drugs prescription for prices highest the far, by pay, Americans Today, Watch: message. Francis's Pope on act to Congress on calls Sanders Sen. Francis. Pope about talking now @NewDay @CNN's on live is Sanders Sen. drugs. prescription lower for fights DC, to Francis Pope welcomes workers, with marches Sanders News: Today's wage. living a to wage minimum the raising by injustice this end to Congress for come has time The planet. the destroys that one not nature, with harmony in lives that system economic and social a for calling is Francis Pope about. be should life what not is money of worship the and money of accumulation the money, that saying is pope The embrace. should we that call a us issued has Francis Pope about all is Francis Pope what likes really Sanders Bernie @HuffingtonPost: RT embrace must we that challenge a us issued has Francis Pope Watch: about. be should existence human what not is money, of worship the and greed, that us reminded forcefully has Francis Pope work not does economics trickle-down that saying is Francis Pope to Francis Pope welcomes Sanders Sen. News: Today's Alike: Sounded Francis Pope and Sanders Bernie Times 10 world. this over all people teaching is Francis Pope that lessons profound very the examine would colleagues my of some that hope would I Congress: address Francis Pope Watch CNN on Congress to address Francis' Pope discuss will Sanders Sen. up: Coming @mitchellreports with MSNBC on is Sanders Sen. ET: PM 12:30 at up Coming Remarks Pope’s Applauds Sanders NEWS: history. modern in but today world the in only not leaders moral and religious important the of one clearly is Francis Pope greed. and unemployment poverty, inequality, wealth and income war, as such humanity facing issues major the of some address to us forces He world. the and country our in justice for struggle never-ending the of example wonderful a us gave pope the Day, Dorothy citing In Threat. Shutdown on Statement Sanders NEWS: Americans. from care health away take we demanding shutdown a of edge the to us taking again are Republicans Tax. Cadillac Stop to Bill Introduce Democrats Senate and Brown Sanders, NEWS: senses. their to come colleagues my hope I jobs. us cost and economy the disrupt will down government the Shutting address. @Pontifex's applauds Sanders News: Today's rights. women’s for fighting to commitment a means Feminism here: Watch @Thom_Hartmann. with on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Resignation Boehner’s Speaker on Statement Sanders NEWS: worse. even get may it Boehner, Without people. American the with touch of out way is ideology Party's Republican The system. care health American the in bureaucracy of web the of example an are prices drug prescription Skyrocketing Drilling. Arctic on President to Letter Send Democrats and Whitehouse Sanders, NEWS: women. on attack Republican stop to votes Francis, Pope applauds workers, with marches Sanders Review: in Week The remarks Francis's Pope applauds Sanders Sen. poverty. in lived seniors of half nearly law, was it Before history. our in program government successful most the is Security Social listings: local your Check tomorrow. @FaceTheNation CBS on Sanders Sen. Watch drilling. more is needs environment our thing last the change, climate to due warming is planet our when time a At people. American the for medication on deals better get to power buying our use should We change. must That it. about anything do can't we &amp; night over tripled or double has drug a for price the find &amp; store drug a into go can You unacceptable. is That security. economic have moms single by headed families of 18% Only listings: local Check @FaceTheNation. CBS on Sanders Sen. watch morning This Congress: to address his in Francis Pope Street. Wall on take to prepared are you unless country this in made be to have that changes the make can't You … University Liberty at values the from different no issues, moral for fights he that says @SenSanders @FaceTheNation: RT debt. student class working off profiteering of business the of out government the get to need We -@olgakhazan Medication Expensive an of Cost True The Read: Must elections. buying billionaires about not is democracy American system. political our in role destructive very a playing are PACs Super politics: in money and affordability college about talk to Sunday @FaceTheNation joined Sanders News: Today’s earth. on country other any than jail in people more has States United the that reality tragic the end to need We beyond wealth have people of handful a where time a at living are We countries. developing in medicine affordable on chief trade to letter sends Sanders NEWS: Americans. all virtually of records phone of collection bulk the end and Agency Security National the in rein must We people. American the from care health away take we demanding shutdown, government a of edge the to us taking again once are Republicans senses. their to come colleagues Republican my hope I jobs. us cost and economy the disrupt will down government the shutting know We elsewhere. access cannot women many too care the provide clinics Parenthood Planned insurance health lack Americans of millions When health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to Republicans by attempt The Chicago. of University the to returns Sanders Sen. News: Today’s care health for clinics its on rely who Americans million the punish would Parenthood Planned Defunding @_cingraham the in possession marijuana for arrested gets someone minute Every Read: Must marijuana. smoking for record criminal a with Americans young many so stigmatize we that obscenity an is It Watch: prices. drug prescription skyrocketing about floor Senate the on speak will Sanders Sen. up Coming people. American the to hazard health major a become has industry pharmaceutical the that secret no is It disaster. a been have results the and prices drug prescription regulate doesn't that earth on country major only the is The $750. for sold is it the in while pill, a cents 66 for Britain in sold be can drug exact same the that me to sense no makes It cancer. with diagnosed being for bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In Companies. Drug by Gouging Price Condemns Sanders NEWS: drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far by Americans charging are companies Pharmaceutical speech: Sanders' Sen. Watch suffering. are who Americans rip-off to continue companies drug let cannot We drugs affordable to access countries poor give to administration Obama urges Sanders News: Today's campaigns. their to contributors fuel fossil the about worrying stop to Congress tell to help your need We oligarchy. at looking are you parties political major two the of either than money more spends family one When it. ignore longer no can we and tragedy a is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black 4 in 1 place takes change when that's level, grassroots the at organize you When 2015! of Act Research the , Co-sponsoring for @SenSanders you! thank We @FacesOfAO: RT prices: drug prescription high investigates deal, trade Pacific bad against battle leads Sanders News: Today’s lobbying. and contributions campaign on year last million $250 over spent industry pharmaceutical The live: Listen EST. 10am at @OnPointRadio @WBUR’s join will Sanders Sen. up: Coming Livestream: LIVE: @OnPointRadio joins @SenSanders IN: TUNE @WBUR: RT http://t… @SenSanders jails.’ than rather people young for education and jobs in invest to want I — radical a as me ‘Count @OnPointRadio: RT @… money.’ enough have don’t they because engineer an or doctor a be can’t she or he that kid bright poor some tell ‘Don’t @OnPointRadio: RT billion. $170 by increase wealth their saw years, 2 last the in America in people wealthiest 15 the when justice no is there view, my In -B families. the to out go hearts Our killed. people innocent more with tragedy senseless Another Shootings: Oregon on Statement Sanders NEWS: slaughter. senseless of epidemic awful this to end an put to can we everything do must we nation, a As them. have not should who people by used being from guns prevents which legislation gun-control sensible need We begin. must policy good developing of work hard The end. must other each at shouting The Oregon: in shooting after laws safety gun sensible for calls Sanders News: Today’s world. the around problems devastating causing already is It activity. human by caused is It real. is change Climate over. is debate The slaughter. senseless of epidemic awful this to end an put and gun-control sensible pass to aggressively act must We -@RBReich Bunk Is Sanders Bernie on Attack Post's Washington the Why Read: Must universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It responsibility. moral our is medicine life-saving to access have countries poor in people sure Making control gun sensible for calls gouging, price for companies pharmaceuticals slams Sanders Review: in Week The disappearing. been has world, entire the of envy the once America, of class middle great the years, 40 last the Over religions great the of all in exists which vision a by motivated am I but being human perfect a from far far, am I savings. retirement no have 55-64 of ages the between workers of half Over ever. than important more is Security Social Today, -@Pontifex foreigners. once were us of most because foreigners, of fearful not are continent, this of people the We, departments police demilitarize to is job Our class. middle the out bail to turn Street’s Wall it’s Today oligarchy? political and economic into slide to continue we will or class billionaire the of power the on take to prepared we Are Syria: in zone no-fly American unilateral opposes Sanders News: Today’s corporations of CEOs the just not workers American of interests the promote that policies trade need We jobs. American cost and consumers hurt will that TPP disastrous the on forward move to decision the by surprised not but disappointed am I agreement. the defeat to can I that all do will I Senate, the In again. won have corporations big other and Street Wall system. check background instant strong very a need we means that and them have shouldn't who people of hands the in be not should Guns … politics in start his got he as 1980s, the in written Sanders Bernie of profile A @TheAtlanticPOL: RT respect. and dignity with retire can American every that so it expand to be must job Our Security. Social cut to be cannot job Our US. the across factories of thousands of tens closed &amp; jobs of millions cost have that China &amp; Mexico with deals trade failed follows @NewYorker. in profiled Partnership, Trans-Pacific opposes Sanders News: Today’s economy. the of collapse near the causing for jail to gone has executive Street Wall major one not that outrage an is It China. not America in jobs create that approaches new need We enough. is Enough policies. trade disastrous of continuation a is TPP The that. do to allowed be must they union, a join to right constitutional their exercise to want country this in workers If … union. a form to workers for easier it make to @SenSanders w/ Act Democracy Workplace the Introducing @repmarkpocan: RT … @SenSanders - so." do to allowed be must they union, a join to right their exercise to want workers "If @CWAUnion: RT … ~@SenSanders grows." America grows, class middle the when and grows class middle the grow, unions "When @repmarkpocan: RT wages. higher for bargain and unions join to workers for easier it make will Act Democracy Workplace The country. this in jobs union of number the increase substantially to got have we inequality, wealth &amp; income reducing about serious are we If union. a form can workers ensure to @repmarkpocan @NationalNurses @CWAUnion @GoodJobsNation join to Proud ht… bargain. collectively &amp; organize to right Renews @repmarkpocan. &amp; @SenSanders by introduced Act Democracy Workplace @NicholsUprising: RT strengthen can we @repmarkpocan @SenSanders w/ Together @DonaldNorcross: RT … @DonNorcross4NJ! @repmarkpocan @SenSanders workers, supporting for you Thank @GoodJobsNation: RT Rights Workers’ Strengthen to Legislation Introduce Pocan Sanders, NEWS: Rights Workers' for Fight Washington-Led Continue Pocan Rep. and Sanders Sen. @AFLCIO: RT harder. not unions join to workers for easier it make to is job Our unions. join to workers for easier it make to Act Democracy Workplace introduces Sanders News: Today’s well. does America grows, class middle the when And grows. class middle the grow, unions When grandchildren. our and children our for healthy and habitable is that way a in planet this leave to responsibility moral our is It Sanders Bernie Sen @Morning_Joe: on Tomorrow @JesseRodriguez: RT jail. to big too as executives Street Wall treats that system justice criminal a tolerate longer no can We wealth. nation’s the of only have but population our of 16% than more up make Latinos that acceptable not is It years. five next the over infrastructure our rebuilding in trillion $1 investing by jobs million 13 create can We -@RichardTrumka Workers American for Deal Bad a Is Partnership Trans-Pacific The Read: Must colleges. and churches our in shootings mass the and country our in violence gun by appalled am I … @thinkprogress via Unionize Workers More Help Would Bill New Sanders’ Bernie How @Teamsters: RT prosecuted. been has CEO Street Wall one not but marijuana, smoking for rates record near at arrested getting are people that obscene is It men. white to compared dollar the on cents 56 earn Latinas that unconscionable It's 1999: to country. our in power economic of concentration further to lead will Street Wall Deregulating Commissioner New Oppose to Sanders Industry, Rx to Ties Nominee’s FDA Citing NEWS: . to colleagues joins Administration, Drug and Food lead to nominee opposes Sanders News: Today’s TPP. disastrous the defeat and policies trade disastrous our end to movement union trade the with work will which movement a need We country? our of children the on backs our turn we when morality about talk we can How Gouging Price Drug Prescription Continued Denounce Cummings and Sanders NEWS: http:/… 1… in military’ the in ‘homos to referring for congressman GOP a ether Sanders Bernie Watch @ThisIsFusion: RT people. American the to hazard health public a is industry pharmaceutical the of greed The can. he because just prices unconscionable charging by medication lifesaving this on rely who patients the hostage holding is Shkreli Martin Pharmaceuticals: Turing slams union, a join to easier it make to bill a introduces Sanders Review: in Week The right. be would he And up. 'em break say would he today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If @HuffingtonPost - Fuels Fossil Up Propping Myths 7 The Demolishing Read: Must out. them bailed taxpayers the before year a were they than today larger 80% are Fargo Wells and America, of Bank Chase, Morgan JP Today, GDP. of 60% nearly to equal trillion, $10 nearly of assets have institutions financial huge 6 Just it. need they when need they help the get can people so country this in delivery health mental in revolution a need We shot. campuses college on people young and slaughtered schools elementary in children seeing embarrassed are we and tired are We energy sustainable to fuels fossil from away transition to India and Russia China, with work must We place. takes change when that's wage minimum the raising or rights gay it's whether level, grassroots the at organize you When already. saved been have would it bank a were environment the If us." over power alien an not and ourselves is government that forget never us "Let FDR: Americans. class working on back focus the put to banks largest those up break to need we and itself unto island an be cannot Street Wall -@nytimes House White the capture to efforts for money the half nearly provided have families 158 Just Read: Must oil. dirty very of transportation and excavation the encourage cannot you change, climate about serious you're If poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical terribly a is it believe don’t I unforgivable. and unsustainable That’s each. $30,000 of average an owed debt student with 2014 in graduated who People medicine. life-saving to access restricted Pharmaceuticals Turing whether into inquiry begins AG NY’s News: Today’s little. so have many so and much so have few so which by process casino-capitalist the of part myself consider not do I crisis. major a is That habitable. be not well may kids our leave we'll planet the change, climate of crisis global the address not do we If tax. speculation Street Wall a with tuition-free universities and colleges public attend country this in kids help to Street Wall want I inequality. income talk to today @TheEllenShow join to Sanders Sen. News: Today’s other. the is Guinea New Papua leave. maternity paid grant not does that two only of one is the countries, 185 of Out process political the in participate to people for easier it make to possible everything doing be should We world the in turnout voter highest the have to want we democracy, vibrant a in believe we If most. the it need that states in access voting expand help to critical is VRA The @splcenter: RT Security. Social cut, not expand, to be must job Our … 10pm! @ Friday @BillMaher with to returns @SenSanders ? to ready Who's @RealTimers: RT htt… law. bipartisan historically a , helped Republicans if reaction @SenSanders' be would this imagine We @civilrightsorg: RT -@AriRabinHavt: Crisis? Debt Phony a Concocting CBO the Is Why Read: Must politicians. from judgment or interference without doctor a with consultation in made be should pregnancy a end to decision The rich? super the and rich the represent only who candidates elect to used be will billions many How Security. Social of expansion for calls @TheEllenShow, joins Sanders News: Today’s -@Wonkblog: world the around others to compared off worse is class middle American The Read: Must banks. big the up break to have We Congress. regulates Street Wall Street, Wall regulate not does Congress expert: bipartisan by mainstream' 'quite called Security Social reform to plan Sanders's Bernie @gerrymullany: RT today. education college a of true is same The free. for education school high a get to able be should kid every said we ago years 100 corporations. and people rich from money for beg to have not and office for run to able be to people young want I … @SenSanders - profits." huge provide to not people, all for care quality provide to be should care health of function "The @RealTimers: RT http://… Countries Poor in Patents Drug of Waiver Back to @WTO &amp; US on Call @SenSanders Backs AHF @AIDSHealthcare: RT listings: local your Check morning. Sunday @ThisWeekABC, ABC's on Sanders Sen. Watch shadows. the of out America in people undocumented million 11 take to citizenship towards path a &amp; reform immigration comprehensive need We amounts. Surprising do? 1% the on taxes raising could What @nytimes: RT right. a as care health guarantee would system all for Medicare A insurance. health no have still Americans million 29 revolution. political a through is America transform really we way only The -@pontifex marginalized." and excluded themselves find people of "Masses citizenship. of right a as people its of all to care health guarantee not does that earth on country major only the be not should We debt. into going without college to go can American every that sure make can we Street, Wall out bail could we If dignity. with retire can everyone ensure must We all. at savings retirement no have 64 and 55 of ages the between workers of half than More vote. to registered automatically be should older or age of years 18 Anyone . expanding for pushes @ThisWeekABC, joins Sanders Sen. News: Today’s zero. provides US The leave. maternity paid of weeks 14 provides – rights human to comes it when model a as seen exactly not – China 2000. since shuttered been have factories American 60,000 than more deals, trade disastrous of result a As responsible. people the prosecuting not was crisis financial the after made government our mistakes biggest the of One losers. are Americans average the tails and wins Street Wall Heads rigged. is that economy an is have you What fuels. fossil from away system energy our transform and world the lead to responsibility moral a have We drugs. life-saving for prices raising companies pharmaceutical against push leads Sanders News: Today’s America. in people wealthiest the just not us, of all represents that government a creating means It democracy. means Socialism Democratic it. afford cannot they because college to go not do Americans young qualified many so that disgrace national a It's families. wealthy extremely of handful a by controlled and owned government a toward oligarchy, toward movement rapid a seen We've Change Climate on Claims Mobil Exxon into Probe for Calls Sanders NEWS: banks into offices post turn to plan sensible highly Sanders's Bernie @TheAtlantic: RT 1%. of one-tenth top the to class middle the from wealth of redistribution mass been has There @Huf… via research climate over Exxon by fraud" "potential investigate to DOJ wants Sanders Bernie @lbarronlopez: RT https:… workers injured protect to plan a for call @SenSanders incl. lawmakers investigation, @NPR + @ProPublica a Following @ProPublica: RT change climate about public the misleading for Mobil Exxon investigate to DOJ asks Sanders News: Today's planet. the of expense the at model business their protect to lied and change climate and fuels fossil about truth the knew Mobil Exxon leave family paid guarantee doesn't that country major only the is US the but values" "family about talk Republicans now: Apply Sanders? Bernie Sen. for intern to Want Sequestration: Budget to End Ceiling, Debt on Action for Calls Sanders NEWS: nurses. than lower rate tax effective an paying up end don't billionaires that so tax income progressive a need We class middle the in invest and bills our Pay Sanders: corporations. profitable and wealthy the from nothing ask and people vulnerable most the of backs the on budget the balance not do You Rico. Puerto on Treasury to Letter Sends Sanders NEWS: PM 8-9 Tonight @allinwithchris. MSNBC's on denial change climate Mobil's Exxon into investigation an for call his discuss Sanders Sen. Watch 11:35|10:35c Tonight @JimmyKimmelLive. ABC's on Bernie miss Don't disaster. a be would debt our on Defaulting clear: be Let’s now college free needs America Sanders: Bernie @washingtonpost: RT Exxon: of investigation for calls @washingtonpost, in affordability college on op-ed pens Sanders News: Today’s crimes. non-violent for destroyed been have lives many Too sentencing. minimum end to need We change climate about public misleading for Mobil Exxon Investigate Should DOJ Sanders: Sen. drugs" on war the end to need "we why Kimmel Jimmy tells Sanders Bernie @RollingStone: RT Watch: tuition-free. college public make to wants he why explains Bernie @npratc on tonight More stone!" a from blood get can't Street "Wall debt: Rico Puerto on Sanders Bernie Sen. @gallennpr: RT dollars. twelve of upwards cost could call phone fifteen-minute a that outrageous is It acted. @FCC the Glad security. for pay we price the be shouldn’t privacy to right and liberties civil Our leade… global a become must Rico Puerto energy" renewable about anything heard not have "i - question right the ask @SenSanders @nprcinc: RT Rico. Puerto Off Ripping Funds Vulture Slams Sanders NEWS: tuition-free. universities and colleges public make and past the of movement progressive the on build to time It's -@jamieson Temp Warehouse Amazon an of Death and Life The Read: Must it. accept didn't I Iraq. in war to going for case the about said others and Cheney Dick everything heard I 2002 In money. more even make can investors wealthy of handful a that so suffer to forced be not should Ricans Puerto class middle our rebuild to action bold for calls Rico, Puerto off ripping funds vulture slams Sanders News: Today's station. anyone’s of regardless all to available be should education An diploma. school high new the is degree college A stone. a from blood get cannot simply You -Bernie stone." a from blood get can they that believe not should Street "Wall Security. Social cut to efforts Republican resist must we year, a $12,000 of incomes on survive to trying are seniors of millions When little so have many so &amp; much so have few so that acceptable economically &amp; morally it's whether answer to have to going are we nation, a As -B history. recorded in hurricane strongest the endure they as need Mexico of people the everything provide to ready stands America upon. depend desperately families working and poor sick, children, elderly, the that programs cut not must We workweek 40-hour your back bring to wants Sanders Bernie @HuffingtonPost: RT ET 12PM &amp; 9AM at tomorrow @CNNSotu, CNN's on Sanders Sen. Watch corrupt. is system finance campaign our that and rigged, is system economic current our that understand people American The kids. their with time quality spend can they so vacation paid of weeks of couple a least at to right the have should dad a and mom A -@JustinWorland Economy Global the Wreck Could Change Climate Read: Must ET PM 12 &amp; AM 9 at today @CNNSotu, CNN's on Sanders Sen. Watch should? we way the children our educating aren’t we if country great a have we can How children. our with is America of future The more or 7% pay to forced are graduates college of millions but of rate interest an with loan auto an get can you that sense no makes It -@VP children." our of all for education public free of years 16 to commit to need "We legislation. homophobic simply was Act Marriage of Defense The Mobil: Exxon investigate to Justice of Department the asks Sanders News: Today’s oligarchy. into sliding is politically, and economically both country, our that much very worry I @latimes) (via research: change climate on skeptic to leader from went Exxon How @sierraclub: RT ET AM 11 at Today @TheView. on Bernie Watch colleges. public tuition-free need We ago. years 50 degree school high a of equivalent the is today degree college A wage. living a become must wage minimum The raised. be must which wage, starvation a is $ ET 9pm at in Tune Sanders. Bernie hosts @maddow Tonight, @bfouhy: RT donors. campaign wealthy just not us, of all to belongs country This tonight! Rachel with in-studio Sanders, Bernie @MaddowBlog: RT Earth. on country other any than jail in people more have we today America in Tragically, https:… hour. full the for @SenSanders see to tonight @PBS to in Tune studio! @charlierose the outside meeting chance A @CharlieRoseShow: RT leave. family paid with months 3 least at for baby newborn their with home stay to right the have should Parents VT. for grant transportation announces workers, with marches @TheView, joins Sanders News: Today’s government. the by collected being information that without call telephone a make to right a have People privacy. our violating without information personal and valuable most our defend must government The States United the in vote 15,000th his casts Vermont of Leahy Patrick Senator @SenatorLeahy: RT Vermont of people the to service of years many your on but votes 15,000 on only not @SenatorLeahy to Congratulations country. this of families working and class middle the by caused not was recession this know they because angry are people American The debt. loan student in trillion $ in drowning are Americans that unacceptable totally is It security. for pay we price the be shouldn’t privacy to right and liberties civil Our -@nytimes Away Melting Is Greenland read: Must matters. vote their think don't they When demoralized. become people When low. is turnout voter when win Republicans all. it have cannot they country this in billionaires the and America corporate tell and unions with stand to got We've prices. drug skyrocketing stop to fight leads bill, cybersecurity against votes Sanders News: Today’s elections. turnout voter low buys money big their when win Republicans out. come people when win Democrats Deal: Budget on Statement Sanders NEWS: nation. our confronting issues important most the on focus to time us gives deal budget two-year a view, my In eliminated. be should it US, the in creation job real for vehicle a become to reformed be cannot Bank Ex-Im the If https://… it legalize to states freeing drugs, dangerous of list federal from marijuana nixing propose will Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT deal big a be would proposal marijuana Sanders’ Bernie Why @Wonkblog: RT change. to got has That use. marijuana of result a as records criminal have they because destroyed lives their seen have Americans many Too change. climate on science overwhelming the rejects that party political major a have we that embarrassment an is It body own her control to right the have should woman no that is saying are they What values. family about talk candidates Republican of lot A drugs. illegal of list from marijuana removing for calls Islamophobia, against up stands Sanders News: Today’s drugs. outlawed of list government’s federal the off marijuana take to us for overdue long is time The https://t… column My leave. family paid backing by empathy show should) (&amp; could He time. family wanting for PaulRyan for Good @EJDionne: RT people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must do, we as goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society A penalty: death the to opposition his &amp; reform justice criminal discuss to floor Senate the to headed is Sanders Sen. system. justice criminal the into – color of people disproportionately – people many so pushing stop to time is It C-SPAN2 on LIVE – Reform Justice Criminal on .@SenSanders @cspan: RT punishment. capital end to States United the for now is time The Americans. other of murder the in involved be not itself should society, civilized democratic, a in State, The Reform. Justice Criminal on Speech Senate During Penalty Death to End for Calls Sanders NEWS: Reform Justice Criminal on remarks @SenSanders WATCH: @cspan: RT people. killing of business the in be should itself state the think don't just I today, world this in violence much so With revenge. of doctrine the beyond go must We Watch: system. justice criminal broken our fix to reforms for calls Sanders Sen. marijuana on prohibition federal &amp; penalty death to end for calls Sanders News: Today's minute. every one That’s arrests. possession marijuana 620,000 were there 2014, In need. and want they education the get to Americans ordinary for harder and harder it making are costs Rising dignity. in retire can American every sure make to Security Social expand to need We armies. oppressing like look not do they so departments police demilitarize must We penalty. death the eliminating in democracy major other every joining include must reform justice criminal Real mob." organized by Government as dangerous as just is money organized by Government that now know "We FDR: Monster! The from Halloween Happy jobs. decent-paying of millions create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to need we millionaires, to breaks tax giving of Instead America. in jobs decent-paying create and country this in re-invest to got has America corporate China, to jobs American sending of Instead NH. Lebanon, in grandchildren his of three with treats or trick Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT need. they education the get to Americans for harder it making are costs rising but college, through runs class middle the to pathway key A nation. our and people young our for tragedy a is That debt. auto-loan or card credit than debt student more have Americans done" things "got Sanders Bernie official, Vermont As @BostonGlobe: RT option. first a not resort, last a as force military use to need we world, the in military powerful most and largest the As Syria in ground the on forces special put to decision president's about skeptical Sanders News: Today's Shkreli Martin for bad and — Medicaid for good that's change a made deal budget The @voxdotcom: RT college. to kids their send to or care child afford can’t they yet jobs, three or two working are people country this over All ends. never that East Middle the in quagmire a in up caught gets again once States United the that is nightmare My top very the at people the to goes income the that is result the work, you hard how matter doesn’t it where economy rigged a in living We’re unacceptable. is That whites. will than marijuana using for arrested be to likely more much are Americans African extremism. that's body, own her control cannot she that woman a tell you When fuels fossil dirtiest the of excavation the prevent to can we all do to have we change climate combating about serious are we If vote. to opportunity and time the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election now @mitchellreports MSNBC's on Sanders Sen. Watch Act: Water Clean on Statement Sanders NEWS: clean. water our keep to efforts undermine to attempting are colleagues Republican my that unconscionable it find I benefits. Security Social expand to need we want, Republicans most as programs, disability or Security Social cutting of Instead bills. their pay to just jobs 3 or 2 work to forced are more many &amp; poverty in living are workers full-time of millions that disgrace a It's lands: public on drilling ban to @SenJeffMerkley w/ bill introduce will @allinwithchris, joins Sanders News: Today’s it. do won't just old same old same The society. American transform to people of millions of movement political a is now need we What Noon: at Live ground. the in fuels fossil keep to legislation climate major unveil @SenJeffMerkley and Sanders Sen. … Lands Federal on Development Fuel Fossil New All Ban to Wants Sanders Bernie Breaking: @MotherJones: RT @suzyji by extraction fuel fossil US curb to plan climate new launches .@SenSanders @LGamGam: RT … ground the in fuels fossil keep to @BillMcKibben w/@SenSanders NOW—Speaking LIVE @SenJeffMerkley: RT ground the in stay must fuels fossil world’s the of 80% century next the in 5-10° of increase temperature a avoid To children. your about more and contributions campaign your about less worry say I change, climate on science the reject who Republicans To warming. global reverse to act to responsibility moral a have We lands. public on fuels fossil more even extracting instead are we emissions, carbon cutting be should we when time a at that absurd is It 11/5. morning, Thursday conversation their hear to in Tune afternoon. this @SenSanders with talking out is .@NPRinskeep @MorningEdition: RT Land Public on Drilling New Ban to Bill Introduces Merkley Sanders, News: Ban Marijuana Federal Ending Proposes Sanders Bernie @WSJPolitics: RT people. ordinary for better life make to want not do brothers Koch The energy. sustainable to fuel fossil from away system energy our transform and industry fuel fossil the to up stand to have We lands. public on drilling new ban to bill introduce Merkley Sanders, News: Today’s year. this adjustment cost-of-living a receive not did veterans disabled and citizens senior of millions that unacceptable is It interests. special power­ful on take and walk the walk to got we've talk, the talk just can’t we change, cli­mate about ser­i­ous we're If Veterans: Seniors, for Benefits Critical Other and Security Social Boost to Legislation Introduce Senators NEWS: Worship: of Place American Native Protect Giveaway, Land Stop to Bill Drop Baldwin Sanders, NEWS: battlefield. the on earned has she or he that benefits and care the receives veteran last the until continues war of cost The now Keystone reject should Obama Sanders: Bernie @thinkprogress: RT : about Says Sanders Thought,' I Than 'Worse Deal Trade Bad NEWS: CEOs. just not families, working for work that country this in policies trade need We . the defeat to can I everything do will I down. it tear not class, middle disappearing the rebuild to need We law. the broke they true, it's If profits. their protect to change climate about lied Exxon suggests evidence The https://t… firm. mine foreign a to gave Congress that lands Apache ceremonial back take to want Baldwin Tammy and @SenSanders @mmcauliff: RT homes. their heating or medicine food, between choose to have not should America in citizens Senior rights. sovereign their of ahead put profits corporate seen have sisters and brothers American Native our often Too legislation? marijuana for come finally point tipping the Has @nytopinion: RT . opposing continues inquiry, for called Sanders after investigation under ExxonMobil News: Today’s unacceptable. is That indebtedness. personal of source second-largest the now is and debt card credit surpassed has debt Student . kill to decision the applaud strongly I fuel. dirtiest the of some of transportation and excavation the support to insane It's project. this kill to decision president's the applaud strongly I 1, Day from to opposition the led has who someone As 13: Nov. by Apply Sanders? Sen. for interning in interested Vermonter a you Are 1%. top the just than rather Americans of majority vast the of needs the represents that government a having means socialism Democratic democracy. undermining are They coward. political a is voting, from people keep to tries intentionally who vote, the suppresses who Anybody turnout. voter large a produces which and momentum and excitement generate which campaigns run we unless win not will Democrats view, my In vote to ability the seniors &amp; color of people people, low-income denying intentionally is which suppression voter absurd this end to have We us. protect to line the on lives their put who those protect to can we everything do we that be must it anything for stands country our If incarceration. and jails than rather people young our for education and jobs in invest to want I country. this in victory progressive every of forefront the at were women know we history, through back look we As people." elderly treats it how by judged also a of quality "The Francis: Pope job. another get should they election, free a face can't Republicans the If lose. to going are they war a is this that ensure must We women. against war a waging is country this in right-wing The mistake: no Make interests. money big on dependent not are future the in candidates that so elections of funding public toward move to got have We government in work can what of emblem powerful a is service postal the save to crusade Sanders' News: Today's xenophobia. is That country. the of out them throwing and people of millions up rounding about talk to value American an not is It Friday: by application your finish you sure Make Sanders? Sen. for intern to Want place. takes change when that's level grassroots the at organize you When -Staff position. the for considered be to order in application the of sections all complete must You .@MartinShkreli https:/… great America makes what of part is Office Post the why or — prosaic the for passion Sanders's warrior:Bernie Postal @Reinlwapo: RT bankruptcy. in out come not should you hospital, the to go you When care. health access to able be should you sick, you’re When -@Karl_Ritter 2030 by Poverty Extreme Into Million 100 Over Push Could Change Climate Read: Must decision. United Citizens disastrous the of result a as corrupt is system finance campaign Our elections. buy to able be should billionaires other and brothers Koch the that mean not does It vote. one person one means Democracy country. this in people incarcerating by profits making be not should Companies union. a and $15 demand to today strike on workers of thousands the with stand I persecution. fleeing those of protector a as US the of role historic the shirk cannot We oppressed. the for haven a been always has America workers striking with stands Sanders News: Today’s planet. habitable and healthy a children our leave and change climate combat to responsibility moral a have We it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift to got has job a 2015, year the In … -@SenSanders wage! living a deserve living a for work who country this in People @GoodJobsNation: RT Hill Capitol on rally wage minimum holds @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT … ! their in workers contract federal with standing for @SenSanders you Thank @GoodJobsNation: RT Spending Defense Increasing Against Votes Sanders NEWS: Ruling Immigration on Statement Sanders NEWS: families. separating not families, uniting about be should policy immigration American pay: over workers Capitol rallies Sanders Bernie Sen. rain, the In @AP_Politics: RT country. the of out them throw and – years for US the in been have whom of many – poeple of millions up sweep not should and cannot We wage! living a to raised be to got has It wage. starvation a is wage minimum federal hour an $ The worker. average the than more times 300 nearly makes now CEO average The union a and wage minimum $15 a demand to yesterday the joined Sanders News: Today's year. the of day every veterans our for care to commit must we us, defend to lives their risk who women and men brave the honor we as Today, bigotry. and racism of forms all to no say and people one as together stand we when nation stronger a becomes America NH. Lebanon, in parade Day Veterans a in marches Sanders Bernie @danmericaCNN: RT us. defended who those on backs our turn ever, or now, not do we that means it anything, means country of love or patriotism If families. their and veteran every for provide to promise our keep to obligation moral a have We war. to go not do you then veterans your of care take to afford can't you If veterans? our help to afford can't we but taxes income federal pay not to corporations major 4 in 1 allow to afford can we that it is How prescribed. they're drugs the afford cannot they because dying cases some in and sicker much becoming are Americans change. to got has That properly. function don’t that systems weapons outdated into money pour to continues budget Pentagon bloated The shadows. the in living people million 11 the for citizenship to pathway a make to duty moral our is it immigrants, of nation a As debt. in living without college to go can American every that ensure to fight must We right. a is education Higher inspired @SenSanders how Read @DaniDougPost: RT democracy. American to danger real a is This States. United the in oligarchy to road the up opened has United Citizens blunders policy foreign worst our of one Iraq, in did we like quagmire another in involved get doesn't US the sure make to can I all do I'll tuition free of support in marches staged colleges hundred a over at students Sanders, by Inspired News: Today's now. system energy our transform to action bold take must We change. climate about nothing did we why wonder grandchildren our let cannot We Organize Workers Let to Contractor Senate Tell Leaders Senate Sanders, NEWS: enough! is Enough poorer. becoming else everyone almost and richer, getting richest the seeing are we today, America In http… tactics. anti-union coercive its end to cafeteria Senate runs that contractor urge Senators Dem of dozens &amp; Sanders @greenhousenyt: RT workers cafeteria Senate for bat to goes Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT body. own her control to right woman's a preserve must We poverty. in living be not should Senate the in time full working Employees stop. to got has It Americans. killing is industry pharmaceutical the of greed The wrong. very are we results, different bring to going is agreements, old the as principles same the on based deal, trade new a think we If it afford cannot they because need they care the getting skip or bankrupt go should one No -@laura_ungar Americans rural on preys Cancer late: too Found Read: Must vulnerable most and poor the upon overwhelmingly fall that impacts change climate severe most the prevent to responsibility moral a have We debt. student high outrageously of because car or home first their buy to afford can't graduates college of millions that unacceptable It's babies. newborn their with home stay to afford can't they because work to back forced are parents new of millions that unconscionable It's today. hour per $16 than more be would it productivity, with pace kept had wage minimum the If government. the not make, to doctor her and woman the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The already. saved been have would it bank a were environment the If leave family paid for support his highlights &amp; refugees Syrian banning opposes Sanders News: Today's fear. fighting xenophobia, fighting racism, fighting – Americans be is that and best do we what do must We here: live Watch AM. 10 at today nominee commissioner FDA new on hearing the attend will Sanders Sen. II War World of eve the on refugees Jewish of thought Americans What @washingtonpost: RT here: live Watch ET. PM 1 at @YahooNews on @katiecouric with talk will Sanders Sen. companies. pharmaceutical to up stand will who FDA the at leader a need We need. they drugs purchase to afford can't Americans of Millions Ties: Pharma Deep With Nominee FDA Questions Sanders NEWS: less. for drugs same exact the buy to Americans allowing Canada, from drugs import to authority the has FDA .@sam_baker prescription. that fill to afford cannot they if good any anyone do not does drug prescription saving life a clear: be Let’s history. recent in commissioner FDA any than pharma to ties deeper has Califf Dr. medicine. for prices outrageous pay to have they because need they food the buying not and dying are People terrorism. international fight to used is money that of 10% than less significantly yet, military the on year a billion $600 over spend We direction. wrong the in gone has redistribution this is problem The wealth. of redistribution massive a been has there years 30 last the In Plan Power Clean Repeal to Effort on Statement Sanders NEWS: planet. our than contributions campaign with concerned more are Republicans that reminder a is Plan Power Clean the block to vote Today’s change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse Republicans exceptions few with that embarrassment an is It world this from ISIS of stain the eliminate will that ISIS against campaign organized an in world the unite to time the is Now tuition-free. college to go kids our help and class middle the out bail to turn their It's Street. Wall out bailed We war. to them send don't veterans, our of care take to expensive too is it think you If development &amp; research than marketing and sales on more spent and year last profits in billion $57 made companies pharmaceutical 4 top The families. for work Congress make can we up, speak people When donors. and lobbyists to respond politicians involved, not are people the When industries. those in workers the protecting also while fuel fossil from away system energy our transform boldly to have We about. be to supposed is country this what destroying be will we refugees, on backs our turn we If … going we're what not it's And are. we who not That's values. deepest our betray would refugees of face the in door the Slamming @POTUS: RT people. a as are we who lose to going not we’re say to nation enough strong a are we But barbaric. and disgusting was Paris in saw we What security. economic include must freedom Real airports. and rail, bridges, roads, – infrastructure crumbling rebuilding jobs million 13 to up create would that legislation have We drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far by pay we result, a As lose. never companies drug The corrupt. respects, many in but, unfair grossly only not is which system political our reform must we that means Socialism Democratic rules. the by play doesn’t Street Wall that obvious becomes it fraud, is model business their when Congress, regulates Street Wall When system. democratic a not that's vote, don’t people young of 80% and vote don’t people of 63% When world. the from ISIS of stain the eliminate to effort international an need We ! that world the shows @SenSanders 's @MoveOn: RT top the for treatment special in believe don't I Constitution. the undermining by ISIS destroy not will We bigoted. and outrageous is statement Trump's Donald leaders. political major from coming words racist hear to continue to us for died have people many too and suffered have people many Too … percent 90 bottom the as much as have percent top The right: is Sanders Bernie @MaxEhrenfreund: RT wealthy. very the just not all, for works that economy an create must we that means socialism Democratic income-@Carolynyjohnson household median the than more cost now drugs Specialty Read: Must all. at sense no makes That drivers. truck or nurses than lower rate tax effective an pay Billionaires debate. the into racism inject to process political the using be not should People wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to have We poverty. in live shouldn't you week, a hours 40 work gonna you're If embarrassment. an is That privilege. a not right, a as people all to care health guarantee doesn't that country major only the is US The kids. her of care take to money enough earning be should mom single a that say to idea radical a not is It interests. money big the to listening It's people. American the to listening isn't Congress system finance campaign corrupt a of result a As that. doing in jobs create to going they're and goods buy to going they're people, working of hands the into money put we When right. be would he And banks." big the up "Break say? he'd what know you today, alive were Republican, good a Roosevelt, Teddy If tragedy. unspeakable an is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black four in One earth. on country major any of poverty childhood of rate highest the have not should we today, America In it expand be should We Security. Social cutting about talking be shouldn't we savings, in $10,000 than less have Americans of half over When streets. the on out sleep veterans while super-yachts, their of size the to as compete billionaires which in nation a accept not must We -@ezraklein this like them treat wouldn’t we mothers, valued really America If Read: Must poverty. in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works somebody if that say to idea radical a not is It Merger Pfizer-Allergan Condemns Sanders NEWS: drugs prescription for world the in prices highest the pay already who Americans for disaster a be would merger This 1999. in was it than less $4,100 is income, family median America, in Today, inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not We Twitter! on followers million 1 our of one being for Thanks win. we fight and up stand people of millions When value family a isn't that child that with home stay to afford cannot they because school to child sick their send to forced is parent a When dodge tax Pfizer block to administration Obama on calls Sanders News: Today's worse. get only will and oligarchy is That GOP. or Democrats the either than campaign this on money more spend will brothers Koch The https:/… Sanders. Bernie rating: highest with Sen doing. are sens their job the of approve they whether people 76k asked We @ConsultReid: RT 83% of rating approval an with America in senator popular most the is Sanders NEWS: Security Social cut not expand, must We income. their of all virtually for Security Social on depend citizens senior of third a than More children. newborn their with home stay to allowed are parents new when is value family real A suffer. economy the and people American the leave, sick paid mandatory without country developed only the is States United the When bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed are corporations that absurd is It apart. them tear not families, unite that policies enact must We shadows. the in live to continue who Americans aspiring the forget can't We end. must that and abuse sexual and violence domestic from suffering still are women and girls many Too have? should country this economy of kind the is that that think anybody Does 1%. top the to goes today generated income new all of 99% time. our of issue political and economic moral, great the is inequality income and wealth of issue The century. 21st the of issue rights civil the be must reform justice Criminal officers. police by Americans African of killing the to end an putting be must piece first The socialist. than pragmatic more was Sanders Bernie mayor, As @nytpolitics: RT powerful. too just are banks big The Congress. regulates Street Wall Street, Wall regulate not does Congress Roosevelt Delano Franklin -President want." from freedom is freedom third "The better. deserves country our values, these On families. our of lives the improve and family of bonds the strengthen values family Real lucky. so be will families all not that fact the on reflect should we today, thanks give to ones loved our with gather we As care. health without Americans of millions of tens leave to unjust and immoral It's system. justice criminal broken our of indictment clear a is behavior illegal their for Street Wall on crooks the prosecute to failure The year. a $9,400 of average an college to kids sending families middle-class save can we speculators, Street Wall taxing By leave. medical and family paid of weeks twelve least at guaranteed be should America in worker Every combined. Americans of 42% bottom the than wealth more own Walmart of family Walton The fact. a is That tonight. kids their feed gonna they're how know not do who today families of millions have You Shooting Parenthood Planned Colorado on Statement Sanders NEWS: consequences. unintended have can rhetoric bitter that realize people hope and work its and Parenthood Planned support strongly I done things get to Republicans with hands joined Sanders Bernie mayor, a As @NYTNational: RT power. or wealth their of regardless all, for works that system criminal-justice a have we that confidence people give must We suffering. human on back our turn cannot just we that conclusion the to me leads belief that And people. one and world one are We … vote @HuffPostPol via … ban marijuana federal ending bill introduces Sanders Bernie @BigBoi: RT should. they taxes the pay finally market the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most " all at profit of logic the us taught has capitalism "Rampant Francis: Pope citizenship. to pathway a Americans aspiring gives that reform immigration in believe and prejudice and nativism to appeals despise I sentencing. mandatory-minimum with away do and jails running of business the of out corporations get to is goal My plan: My economy. the help will that jobs new of millions create and infrastructure our modernize must We need. they medication life-saving the take to afford cannot they because die will they that fear in live to have not should Americans Americans. ordinary against stacked are country this of systems political and economic The infrastructure. crumbling our rebuilding into trillion $1 investing by jobs good-paying million 13 create can We poverty. in live children our of millions while soaring are profits Corporate economy. rigged a in living are We -@susanberfield Workforce Massive Its on Eye an Keeps Walmart How Read: Must benefits. expand must We veterans. disabled and elderly the for benefits Security Social cut not will we No, Republicans: tell must We engineer! combat female first America's becoming on Anderson Skylar Spc. Congratulations industry. fuel fossil the from get they contributions the not kids, their leave will they planet the about worrying start must Republicans ISIS. fight to region the in countries Muslim the of participation strong the including coalition broad a together put to need We ignore. longer no can we that damage severe causing and man-made real, is change Climate clearer. be not could community scientific The Drugs: Affordable Demands Sanders , On NEWS: live. to need they drugs the afford can people so Americans, off ripping is that industry pharmaceutical the on take must We lowered. be must rates interest loan Student programs. loan student on billion $1 over makes government federal the when wrong morally is It Says Sanders Change, Climate on Lead Must NEWS: drugs. affordable to access is crisis the problem, scientific a longer no is AIDS with those for caring in problem biggest The Watch: budget. GOP the to opposition Democratic the lead to floor the on speak will Sanders Sen. up Coming C-SPAN2 on LIVE - Care Health on .@SenSanders @cspan: RT privilege. a not right, a care health make to ACA the on expand should we insurance, health off Americans million 17 throwing of Instead needs. she care health the gets country this in woman every that so it expanding be should we Parenthood, Planned defunding of Instead Budget Republican Slams Sanders NEWS: change. demand to nation whole a inspired Parks Rosa bus, the of front the at down sitting By United. Citizens overturn must We elections. buy to able be not should billionaires and millionaires America, In suicide." of limits the at are "we act we unless that and worse getting is change climate said he when right was pope The tuition-free. be should universities and colleges Public debt. of mountain burdensome a with school leave students our let cannot We industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everyone, for work that policies drug prescription enact to time is It -@Carolynyjohnson headlines’ the whatever … position our hold ‘Let’s price: its got drug $84,000 an How Read: Must … Children Our for Planet the Preserving Than Money Koch About More Care Candidates GOP Sanders: Bernie @BonnieNorthGP: RT … floor Senate the on Parenthood Planned for stand powerful a took just Sanders Bernie @micnews: RT Americans of millions to care health critical provides which Parenthood, Planned against witch-hunt the end must Republicans bodies own their control to ability the have women sure make and Parenthood Planned on war the stop must We stop. must violence gun senseless and sickening This country. this in occurrence almost-everyday an becoming are shootings Mass end. must It US. the in levels epidemic reached has violence Gun year. this shooting mass 355th the was shooting Bernardino San The them. have not should who people by used being from guns prevents that legislation sensible need We owners. gun of majority vast the and people American the of 90% by supported is that something – checks background universal need We magazines capacity high of sale the end to need We ban. weapons assault the renew to need We streets. the off guns illegal get to need they tools the enforcement law give and crime federal a trafficking gun make to need We now. act must Congress legislation. safety gun support people American the of majority vast The loophole. show gun the close to need We guns. obtain to stalkers and abusers domestic allow that loopholes close to need We gun. a buying from prohibited people of behalf on dealers licensed from guns buy who purchasers straw for penalties strengthen to need We it. need they when need they help get can families and individuals so capabilities health mental our improve and expand greatly must We Legislation Safety Gun Common-Sense for Calls Sanders NEWS: bodies their control to right the women deny to want who people by campaign smear long-term a of part is Parenthood Planned of defunding The day. every and each lives their impacting are that problems real the addressing not is Congress because angry are people American The insurance? health off Americans million 17 throws that bill a debating we are why country, our facing crises major are there When money. enough have not did they because filled prescriptions their get not did – people million 35 – Americans five in one nearly year, Last day. every Americans impacting are that problems real the addressing not is Congress that is angry are people American the why reason The Canada. from drugs prescription affordable and safe import we can't why Mexico, from lettuce import can we If Actions Executive Immigration Obama’s Supporting Brief Amicus File Democrats Congressional Sanders, NEWS: Americans. aspiring defend to authority president’s the support will Court Supreme the that confident am I https:… wildlife! &amp; lands water, air, our on attacks against standing for TY @SenSanders @Earthjustice: RT 1999. in was it than less $4,100 is income family median disappear, to continues class middle the as America, in Today taxes. of share fair their paying start to have they that class billionaire the and Street Wall tells that budget a need We incarceration. and jails more not education, and jobs in invest to need we 50% or 40 or 30 at is underemployment and unemployment youth When idea. radical a not is That doctor. a see and care health access to able be should you sick, are you When need. they help the get can people all so treatment health mental in revolution a need We addiction. opiate in crisis major a have We days. dark those to back go cannot We insurance. health lacked they because year every died Americans 45,000 ACA, the of passage the Before welfare. polluter end must we planet, out protecting about serious are we If planet.” our of future the than important less are profits term short your "Sorry, industry: fuel fossil the to say must We Francis Pope - impunity." with harmed and waste laid pillaged, being is home common "Our ever. not now, Not drilling. offshore new no be must There country. the of out them throw and years, for here been have whom of many people, of millions up sweep not should and cannot We East. Middle the in warfare perpetual in trapped be not should and cannot We Address Office Oval Obama on Statement Sanders NEWS: coalition. international an with destroyed be will ISIS right. is Obama President people. free a us make that rights constitutional the undermine to division and fear allow not do we that essential it's ISIS, destroy we As planet. the protecting than Shell and BP Exxon, of profits the protecting about concerned more is that Party Republican a have now we Sadly, change. climate fight to action take to harder it make who Friends money? their all for exchange in get industry fuel fossil the does What change. climate on progress block to candidates buying dollars of billions spends industry fuel fossil The Year the of Person TIME for poll readers’ wins Sanders Bernie @TIME: RT polluters. of profits the before people put and energy clean to transition our accelerate billionaires, fuel fossil the on take to time It’s unthinkable. is emergency climate serious a face we when time a at Refuge Wildlife National Arctic the and Circle Arctic the in Drilling origin. of country or orientation sexual gender, race, on based us divide to attempted have history our throughout Demagogues Muslims. all hate to us want others and Trump Now, us. divide to xenophobia and racism allow we when nation weak a are We together. stand we when nation great a is States United The drilling. offshore ban must we emissions, carbon cutting and change climate combatting energy, of cost the lowering about serious we're If ground. the in fuels fossil of majority vast the leave must We consequences. cataclysmic experience we'll fuels fossil burning keep we If ET. 9pm show, night's tomorrow on Maddow Rachel joins Sanders Bernie Senator @MaddowBlog: RT jobs. new find industry fuel fossil the in families working help to responsibility moral a have we energy, renewable to transition we As Package Jobs Energy Clean Major Introduces Sanders NEWS: choose. to right the regarding discussion of lot a be not would there babies, to birth gave men If serve. they communities the like look departments police make to need We guns. have not should airplanes on flying from barred are who People change. climate stop to action bold take must We irresponsible. &amp; dangerous is hearing denial climate .@SenTedCruz's earns. man a dollar every for cents 79 earn women that unacceptable is It workers. women for equity pay ensure will that budget a need We emissions. gas greenhouse cutting are that technologies in invest to us for time is It energy clean to transition our accelerates &amp; billionaires fuel fossil the on takes that action climate for time It’s jobs. clean-energy new to transition workers fuel fossil help to act must we system, energy our transform we As alone it do cannot we means That past. the of lessons the learn to have we but ISIS, destroying in can we as aggressive as be to got have We guns. have not should terrorists potential or terrorists that understand to hard very it's think don't I up. us divide to trying is Trump Donald Now issues. real the from away attention divert to trying demagogues had we’ve history Throughout … answered: he one the Here's Sanders. Bernie for questions had readers .@nytopinion @nytopinion: RT drug. that afford cannot it need who people the if good no does drug life-saving A itself. democracy for struggle the from inseparable is It justice. for fight a is rights voting minority for fight The bankruptcy in emerge shouldn't you hospital the to go you When year. last bills medical their paying trouble had Americans million 50 Nearly end must It families. of thousands of hundreds separating of policy unjust the in resulted has machine deportation &amp; detention immigrant The with. deal must we issue an is This poverty. in living are children African-American of 36% poverty, in living people million 47 have We families. working to back money that bring to got We've 1%. top the to 99% the from wealth of transfer massive a been There's all. to available education make &amp; America in reinvest to have We Islands. Cayman the in money their stash to allowed be cannot Corporations end. must class middle American the against war the and greed corporate that clearly and loudly say to time is It respond. must world The backs. their on clothes the just with Iraq and Syria fleeing are who people from away turn cannot We pregnancy. unwanted an end to lives their risk to had women when days the to back going not are We https://… pollution with overburdened communities helping on light a shining bill, your for TY @SenSanders @Earthjustice: RT 2010 Cuts Tax on Filibuster @SenSanders : @cspan: RT Percent 80 Emissions Carbon Cut to Bill Introduces Sanders NEWS: carbon. on price a put is that and must we us tell economists many what do we that vital absolutely is it change climate combat To tonight plans have don't you Hope families. working defend to straight hours for stood Sanders Sen. when to @Se… And debt: student collect to Security Social garnishing from feds ban would bill .@RonWyden @alliegrasgreen: RT Bear. Bernie the meets Bernie security. cut--social expand--not must we poverty, in living be to men than likely more are women elderly when time a At bank. or corporation large a of head the is who somebody to power political in equal way no in is year a $12,000 making person working A Islamophobia. to succumb and divided be to ourselves allow not will We racism. to succumb cannot we Americans, as times difficult During pollution. increased subsidizes that welfare polluter end to need we change, climate of threat the with dealing about serious we're If saying? is community scientific entire the what ignore to be we can irresponsible How album? @WuTangClan million $2 that for pay you did How .@MartinShkreli: @OversightDems: RT companies. fuel fossil from dollars of billions receive They Simple. change? climate of reality the acknowledge to refuse Republicans do Why poor. be to expensive very is it today, America in Sadly, privilege. a not right, a be should care health world the of history the in country richest the in that idea radical a it’s think don’t I … families class lower and working help to it use and taxes carbon from money the take to wants Sanders Bernie @nowthisnews: RT bribery. legalized to amounts &amp; system political the control increasingly to interests special &amp; billionaires enabled has United Citizens wrong. morally is This decade. next the over programs loan student on profit in billion $110 make will government federal The now. action bold need We crisis. in is planet The enough. far near nowhere goes it forward step a is the While people. American the to listening started Congress that time is it industry, pharmaceutical the of demands the to listening of Instead fuels. fossil from away system energy our transforms that legislation for fight and industry fuel fossil the to up stand to got We’ve embarrassment. an It's travesty. a That's parents. new for off time paid guarantee doesn’t that world the in nation major only the are We planet. the of future the about than industry fuel fossil the from contributions in interested more much is which Party Republican a have We jail. to path a on people putting than cheaper lot helluva a is college to go to path a providing day, the of end the At 1%. top the just not us of all for works that economy an create is do to need we What economy. our destroying is Greed unacceptable. is That prison. in time spending of chance four in one a stands today born male black a system, the change not do we If hungry. go America in children while all, it have cannot people few a And country. our destroying is greed, unquenchable Greed, process. political entire the control to able are they until satisfied be not will They enough. good not is billion $100 Kochs, the For now. act must We unacceptable. is That again. happening from violence senseless this prevent to nothing done has Congress Since drilling. offshore ban must we then change, climate combatting and independence energy toward oil beyond moving about serious are we If value? family a that Is vacation. paid a workers guarantee doesn’t that world, entire the in nations 13 only of one are We healthcare best the get them help to responsibility moral a have we believe I country, our defend to line the on lives their put people When Iraq. and Syria of out get we how about talking still we're later, years 30 or 20 that is nightmare My that? about radical What's income. of regardless education an get to able be should people Young East. Middle the in warfare perpetual in involved ourselves getting without ISIS defeat can We society. Orwellian an to moving we're worry I rights. constitutional our undermining without people our protect can we strongly believe I war. the fight to off sent we who women and men the of care taking is so war, of cost a are guns and tanks and planes as Just table. the on food put to week a hours 60 or 50 working be to have shouldn't people world the of history the in country richest the In -@daisyhernandez Latinos Targets Move Latest Bro's Pharma Read: Must poverty. to response a as prisons using stop to need We free. us make which rights privacy and constitutional the undermining without that do can we but safe, country our keep must We people. vulnerable of protector a as US the of role historic the shirk cannot We oppressed. the for haven a been always America's poor. or rich are you whether of regardless care health to right a have You government. the not make, to doctor her and woman a for decision a remain must abortion about decision The rapists. or criminals or terrorists as people entire label to continue cannot We counterproductive. is fears people’s on Playing PM 12:30 at @mitchellreports MSNBC's on is Sanders Sen. Watch: others. and Trump Donald from coming rhetoric racist and xenophobia the combat to way, every in can, I everything do to intend I families. working for news bad is rates interest raise to decision Reserve’s Federal The Sanders: Sen. ago. years 7 Street Wall out bail to did it as class middle disappearing the rebuild to urgency of sense same the with act should Fed The together. stand all we which in nation a build to time is It bigotry. religious end to time is It enough. is enough say to time is It hatred. this promote who those to “no” say to hatred, anti-Muslim condemn to Americans all and life public in us of all on calling am I elections. buy billionaires where politics corrupt by place in held and rigged is system The 1%. top the to flows wealth new Most Mitchell: Andrea with policy foreign talks &amp; families working for news bad hike rate Fed calls Sanders News: Today's penalty. death the to no saying in earth on country industrialized Western, other every almost join to States United the for time It's Finds Report New Billion, $ Taxpayers Cost Prices Drug Generic Skyrocketing NEWS: disaster. unmitigated an been have results the and prices drug prescription regulate doesn't that country major only the is US The region. the into alone going US the see to want don't I repeated. that see to want don't I mistake. horrendous a was Iraq of invasion The from. come we that country the or religion our by up us divide demagogues let not Let's privilege. a not and all, of right a is healthcare that recognize and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The them. for education and jobs found we time it’s maybe people, young our up locking of instead strongly, very this feel I and view, my In it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job a 2015, year the In 99%. the for work economy our make must We 1%. top the to gone has income new all of 58% than more 2008, of crash Street Wall the Since wage. living a to raised be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The Package Spending Opposes Sanders NEWS: else. everyone of expense the at wealth and power class's billionaire the expands that package spending another afford can't we is truth The 1%. the just not Americans of majority vast the for work systems economic and political rigged our make that legislation pass must Congress issue. moral and economic this address must We disappearing. been has world, entire the of envy the once America, of class middle great The class. middle the of foundation the as seen is it Today “socialist.” as described originally was wage minimum The sense? makes that think Anyone 1928. since time any at than inequality wealth and income more have we today, States United the In family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are people words, other In security. economic without occur not does freedom True poor." the for individualism rugged and rich, the for socialism has country “This said: he when right was Jr. King Luther Martin idea. good a are wages low thinks He idea. good a is America in wage minimum low a thinks Trump Donald that Understand control. have people of handful a where oligarchy, political and economic an toward rapidly quite moving is that country a in living are We confronted. be to got have guys These States. United the of economy the destroying is Street Wall and America corporate of greed The people. among support vast is there about talking I’m that issue every almost on but radical very very, be to considered been have I know I support. American with ISIS destroy to troops and money contribute to plate the to up step to got have Qatar and Arabia Saudi like Countries exist. to big too they're fail to big too they're If out. them bailed we when than today larger are banks largest the of four of out Three civilians. of hands the in not are people kill to military the by designed weapons that see to got have we view, my In it? about doing you are what poorer, getting I'm richer, much getting are rich the saying they're and Washington, at looking are People men. to compared dollar the on cents 79 making be not should Women workers. women for equity pay need We America. of structure power the in changes need We confronted. be to got They've economy. our destroying is America corporate of greed The region. the in stability more and future better a to leads that way a in it do we sure make must We ISIS. destroying just cannot We Americans. of millions of lives the destroying is and economy this destroying is Street Wall of greed The speculation. Street Wall on tax a imposing by universities and colleges public to tuition free provide to going are We system. justice criminal broken very a reform to need We country. our facing problems the solve to going not is minorities Scapegoating up. broken be to got They've economy. the to threat a is Street Wall sense. make doesn't dictator the of rid get you after day the happens what about worrying without change Regime establishment. that of part be not and establishment the on take to have you when time a comes There everybody. by liked be to want not do I Fed the Fix Street, Wall In Rein To Sanders: Bernie Sen. process. political the influencing heavily are billionaires and millionaires which in system finance campaign corrupt a got We've billionaires. of full hand the just not and us, of all to belongs government Our Street. Wall on take to going am I because families working by supported and liked be to want I everybody. by liked be to want not do I Drug Life-Saving on Discount Secures Vermont Investigation, Sanders Following NEWS: corrupt. is which system finance campaign a have We East. Middle the of quagmire the in warfare perpetual in involved us get not does but ISIS destroys that policy foreign new a want I activity. criminal a not disease, a is Addiction college. to go to able be will you income, family's your of regardless hard, study you if that kid every to out go to word the want I do. must we things important most the of one system justice criminal our reforming consider I unacceptable. is That whites. of rate the times six at imprisoned are Blacks out. them cast not families, and children protect to steps take to need We oppressed. the for refuge a been always has nation Our family! Sanders the from Christmas Merry up. us divide and fears on play to trying is Trump class. middle the hurt who've powerful the on take to together people bring must We from. come we where or race by us divide to them allow not country, this facing issues real the address to together stand we believe I right? a as people all to care health guarantee not does that earth on country major only the is today States United the that it is Why doctor. the to go to afford can't more millions and insurance health no have still Americans million 29 crisis. care health major a have We that? is sense What percent. 3 at homes your refinance can you but debt student on percent 10 8, 6, paying there out families have You percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost owns percent one of one-tenth top the when wrong profoundly something is There percent. one of one-tenth top the to class middle the from dollars of trillions of transfer a been has there years 30 last the Over spend. will Party Republican or Democratic the either than more That's election. this on million $750 spend to intend brothers Koch The system. political the into people more bring to change radical need we clear It's 2014. in vote didn't electorate the of two-thirds Nearly rhetoric. anti-Muslim the condemn and together stand all we where nation a build and bigotry religious end to time It's grandchildren. and kids our for habitable and healthy is that earth an on passing than important more is that nothing is There happened” have not “would death her white, were Bland Sandra If Sanders: Bernie @FaceTheNation: RT officers. police by killed and shot unarmed, are who Americans, African often people, many too far seen have We checkbook. billionaire’s a not movements grassroots by influenced be should Elections lobbyists. and PACs super their billionaires, of handful a to solely not and people, the of all to belong government its and nation This high. too are America in wages thinks he that said has he fact, In wage. minimum the raise to want not does Trump Donald few. a than rather us, of all for works that economy an create and St. Wall of greed the on take together, us bring that policies need We elections. fair and free restore and United Citizens overturn will that amendment constitutional a need We Muslims. or Mexicans hate us having by not jobs, paying decent of millions creates which legislation passing by is lives improve we way The change? climate addressing effectively not we're that it is Why degrees. 65 was temperature the where Eve Christmas a recall can Nobody need. we America the not That's percent. 1 of tenths three top the to breaks tax in dollars of billions give to wants Trump Donald on. going what’s know people when win Progressives politics. from off turn they when vote, don’t people when elections win Republicans speculators. wealthy of handful a just not Americans, all for and economy productive the for work banking make to time It’s poverty. in live children our of millions while soar profits corporate where economy rigged a in living are We into. gotten have never should we which Iraq in war the like wars to led and people American the failed has policy foreign Our jobs. decent-paying million 13 to up create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to trillion $1 invest to need We police. the by African-Americans unarmed of killing the stop must We system. justice criminal broken very a in reforms major need We class. middle the to it make and education an get to trying of crime the For what? for debt in deeply school leaving are people young Many together. stand to going are we Muslims, hate to going not we’re Latinos, hate to going not we’re No, Trump: Donald for message a have I veterans. disabled and elderly the for benefits Security Social cut not will We No. Republicans. tell must we clearly, and Loudly havens. tax in profits their stash corporations profitable because revenue tax in billion $100 lose we year every that sense no makes It brothers. Koch the from get they contributions campaign the not kids, their leave will they planet the about worrying start must Republicans citizenship. toward path a and reform immigration comprehensive need We shadows. the in living continue cannot people million 11 dumb. pretty is That funds. the lacks family your because college to go to able be to going not you're person: young smart, some to say To taxes. of share fair their pay should Trump Donald like billionaires inequality wealth and income massive of time a At share. fair their pay to people wealthiest the ask to need we billionaires, fellow his to breaks tax huge give to wants who Trump, Unlike right a as care health to entitled be should people all society, civilized democratic, a in that believe to happen I readers. Post by missed sorely be will insights His best. the of one is @HaroldMeyerson media. corporate in voices progressive few are There disgrace. national a is street the on veterans homeless thousand fifty are there night given any on that fact The … column: @HaroldMeyerson’s ending for Post the criticizes Schultz, Ed nixing for MSNBC knocked who .@SenSanders, @daveweigel: RT drugs. prescription affordable and safe to access includes that and right, human a is care health to Access Parenthood. Planned defunding about talking they're values, family about talk Republicans When poverty. like problems economic and social or addiction drug like problems health of out way our jail cannot We percent. one the just not and us, of all to belongs government Our all. it have cannot class billionaire The country. major any nearly of poverty childhood of rate highest the — poverty in living are children our of 20% over America in Today Year! New Happy poverty. in live not should person that week a hours 40 works person a if say to idea radical a not is It lobby. drug the challenge to willing aren’t politicians because just need they medication the without go to have not should People billionaires. of handful a than rather families working represent should government States United the maybe that concept radical a not It's worker. middle-class a than lower rate tax effective an paying up end who country this in millionaires are there that unfair grossly is It system. justice criminal broken very a reform and country our in racism institutional end will all for and once which movement a need We sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans change. must that reality a That's criminals. like crimes committed not have who citizens many too treats that system a have We dignity. of shred any with retire to able be will they how idea no have and savings in $10,000 than less have workers American of half Over Americans! million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart, of family Walton the family, one Today, Security. Social eliminate to want they Security, Social cut to want just don’t They you. tell me Let want? brothers Koch the do What poverty. in live should worker full-time no that – concrete and simple be should America in work time full of benchmark The old" the of loneliness the &amp; unemployment youth are days these world the afflict that evils the of serious most "The up. us divide people other these and Trump Donald let not is do to have we What activity. human by caused it’s and real, is change Climate over. is debate The disagree. I body. own her control to right the has country, this in woman no that is clearly, and loudly very saying, are Republicans What incarceration. and jail more not education, and jobs in investing be should We Earth. on country other any than jail in people more have We record. criminal no has lives people’s ruins that company a of CEO the but record, police a gets marijuana smokes who kid a that it is How people. vulnerable most the treats it how by but produces, it billionaires and millionaires of number the by not country a judge We year. a $12,000 just on survive to trying seniors of needs the to attention pay should we wealthy, the to breaks tax huge giving of Instead poverty. in living be not should people our of Millions world. the of history the in country richest the is This bes… very the him wish We War. Iraq the opposed &amp; championed who progressive true a is .@RepJimMcdermott @USProgressives: RT money. enough not that's think apparently billion $85 worth brothers Koch the like family a how understand never will I me, of life the For Approaching Deadline Contest Essay Union the of State Annual Sanders' Sen. @WVNYWFFF: RT saying. is community scientific world's entire the what of reality the deny who party major a have can we how comprehension my beyond is It up. them break to got you've but Glass-Steagall, reestablish only not to have you power, much so with banks few so have you When contest: essay Union the of State @SenSanders for nears deadline @VTEducation: RT exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a If dollars. of trillions gambling itself, unto island an be cannot Street Wall billionaires. of handful a just not Americans, all for works that economy an and system financial a create to be must goal Our safer. communities our make to actions executive @POTUS's support I children. our than lobbyists gun to loyal more clearly are Republicans today. announced reforms sense common the with agree owners, gun responsible including Americans, of majority vast A government. the not make, to physician and family her woman, the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The expense. else's everyone at wealthiest the benefit to Street Wall by rigged been that's system political a and economy an tolerate cannot We today. Street Wall of reality the describe best that words the are these arrogance, and dishonesty fraud, Greed, ATM. the to go they time each fee $5 a paying are Americans that unacceptable is it view, my In economy. job-creating the in investments productive encourage and Street Wall on gambling reckless discourage to got have We jail. to big too be not must bankers Big collapse. near economy's our causing for prosecuted been has executive Street Wall major one Not Sahara. the of parts and California, Southern Texas, Western than warmer was Pole North the week, Last free. tuition colleges public make to tax speculation a from revenue the use and Street Wall on gambling reckless discourage to got We've system. finance campaign corrupt a have we that is poorer getting are poor the while richer getting are rich the that reasons the of One Americans. average of expense the at BP and Exxon like companies oil big of profits the boost to rigged is policy energy our now, Right habitable. and healthy planet this leaving than important more nothing is there beings, human as responsibility our about talk we When armies. invading like look not do they so departments police local our demilitarize to got have We items: household and food buying not like sacrifices make bills medical pay to struggling people insured of 75% Parenthood. Planned defunds and insurance health off Americans million 17 throws that bill reconciliation budget a is need we thing last The time. of waste a also is it is), it (and legislation bad only not is budget Republican The end. must women, million 3 to care health critical provides which Parenthood, Planned against witch-hunt The bigotry. and racism of forms all to no say clearly and loudly and people one as together stand we when nation greater a becomes American deregulated. get to contributions campaign and lobbying in billion $5 spend to 1990s the during Street Wall allowed system corrupt Our all. to right a as care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the to join to country great this for overdue long is time The families vulnerable to Status Protected Temporary extend raids, deportation end to Obama on calls Sanders NEWS: awaits. sentence death a where countries to back families deport not and raids deportation the cease immediately to @POTUS urge I solution. humane a requires that crisis a address to families of thousands deporting involving tactics inhumane employ to continue can't We persecution and violence fleeing those to protection provide to commitment historical our with consistent be should policies immigration Our raids deportation started recently to end seeking Obama, writes Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT … families immigrant of roundups ‘inhumane’ end Obama President demands Sanders Bernie @AliceOllstein: RT raids. these cease immediately must We return. their of months within murdered were asylum denied recently immigrants American Central 83 Roosevelt D. Franklin President - men.” free not are men "Necessitous pill. per $1,000 costs drug One medication. prescription on year a $100,000 than more spend now Americans of thousands of Tens sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live not should Americans drugs. lower-cost import to easier it make must We should. they taxes the pay finally market the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everybody, for work that policies drug need We Chinese. the by invented hoax a is change climate thinks who candidate a support not will people American The Act Care Affordable the on expanding be should we insurance, health of off Americans million 17 throwing of Instead leave. family &amp; medical paid workers guarantee doesn't that country major only the being of embarrassment international the end must US The process. political the in participate to people for easier it make must we vote, the suppress to Republicans many of efforts the Despite country. the of out them throw and children and women, men, of millions up sweep not should we and cannot we that is line bottom The inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not we today, America In high. too are country the in wages thinks who and wage minimum the raising favor not does who candidate a support not will Americans with. dealt be must and immoral simply is That make. workers their what times 300 make CEOs States, United the In time. in doctor a to go can't they because die will people would, Republicans as insurance health off people million 17 throw you If poverty. in living are America in kids of percent 20 nearly that embarrassment international an is It reality. economic our is That Americans! million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart of family Walton the family, one Today, unacceptable. That’s birth. giving after weeks two just work to back go to have America in jobs have who mothers of percent 20 Over hungry! going are country this in children while breaks tax get to continue cannot You class: billionaire the tell must We wage. living a become must wage minimum The raised. be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The xenophobia. their and bigotry their and world the of Trumps Donald the to up stand to can I everything do will I values.” “family about lot a talk colleagues Republican My size. our times 4 country authoritarian an China, including earth on country other any than jail in people more have We undermined. democracy of foundations the and corrupted totally been has system political our decision, United Citizens the of result a As decades. for them burdens that debt of mountain a with school leave kids of millions that that counter-productive and insane is It change. to got has That jail. to big too are they fail, to big too only not are banks Street Wall where now situation a have We crisis. into economy world the send could failure its that extensive so holdings have should institution financial single no view, my In equality. of promise full the realizes orientation sexual or religion race, their matter no everyone, where nation a in live can We free. tuition be should colleges Public ago. years 50 was degree school high a what to equivalent is degree college a 2015, In universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should corporations view, my In earth. on country major other every in exists It idea. radical a not is This privilege. a not people, all of right a be should care Health Nominee FDA on No Votes Sanders NEWS: prescribed. are they drugs the afford cannot 64 and 19 of ages the between Americans 5 of out 1 that unacceptable It's $9,900. to years ten last the over doubled than more has drugs cancer of cost monthly the that unacceptable is It companies. drug the to up stand to prepared is who FDA the at leader a need we need, they drugs the afford cannot Americans of millions When person. that not is Califf Dr. Canada. from drugs brand-name import to rules implement &amp; prices drug lower to work will who someone need We hungry. go not does nation great our built and democracy defend to fought that generation the sure make to can we everything do must We passed. reform immigration comprehensive see to wants that nation a are we believe I immigrants. by built was country This 1995. in back military" the in "homos about say to had @SenSanders what forget never Let's @dirtybirderic: RT money. of lot nation entire our and families class middle save and people all for care health guarantee would all for Medicare Bill Fed the Audit Supports Sanders NEWS: committees. and boards various its on bankers the to only known secret, in conducted is business Fed’s the of much Too St. Wall on billionaires the than rather Americans ordinary of needs the to responsive institution, democratic more a Fed the make must We Address Union the of State the on Statement Sanders NEWS: democracy. American revitalize to and politics, of out money big get to politics, civil more need we that point @POTUS's appreciated I infrastructure? crumbling our rebuild to afford can't but wars ending never on trillions spend can we that it is How change. to got has That men. to compared dollar the on cents 78 earn should women why reason economic rational no is There class billionaire the just not families, working of needs the reflects Congress by done being work the so finance campaign change to need We it afford can who those of privilege a not right, a is care health that resolve must We insurance. health no have still Americans million 29 continue. cannot That Americans. killing is industry pharmaceutical the of greed The else. everyone of expense the at wealthiest the benefit to St. Wall by rigged system political and economy an tolerate longer no We'll wage! living a employees your paying Start welfare. of off Get Walmart: to say I nation any than healthcare on capita per more spend we yet right, a as all to healthcare guarantee doesn’t that country major only the We're care. health is right human That right. human a be to consider I that something for fighting career my spent have I kids. our for jobs and education into money putting be should we maybe, just maybe, jails, more building of instead that me to seems It oligarchy. It's democracy. isn't This parties. Republican or Democratic the either than cycle election this money more spend will family One privilege." of not and right of matter "a is care Health Kennedy: Ted Sen. officers. police train we how redo completely and forces police of militarization the from away move must We population. jailed most the with country the not world, the in population educated best the with country the as known be should America lands public on leases coal federal new halt to decision Obama's on statement Sanders NEWS: change. must and unacceptable is That gay. being for someone fire to legal still is it states, many in today Unbelievably, ground. the in fuels fossil keeping by is that do can we way best The planet. healthy a kids our leave to responsibility moral a have We idea. radical a not is This interests. special powerful just not us, of all for works that government a create can We planet. the of future the than profits short-term with concerned more are who forces political powerful on take boldly to continue must We 2007. in did she than year last less $1,337 made worker female typical the that unacceptable is It country. developed major any of rate poverty childhood highest the poverty, in living are America in kids of 20% that embarrassing It's end! to got has This fired. getting of chance five in one a have they campaign, organizing union a in engaged is employee an if Today, up. locked get people many how be not should enforcement law for success of measure The bankruptcy. in out come not should you hospital, the to go you When care. health to access have should you sick, you're When world. the across devastation huge causing already is it and activity human by caused is it real, is change Climate wage! living a to raised be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The nation. other any does as care health on capita per much as twice almost spending are We penalty. death the to no saying in country industrialized Western, other every almost join to US the for time It's people. many too of lives the ruined has and failure a been has drugs on war The full. beds prison keep to order in detain, and jail arrest, to over-incentive an in result which profit, for prisons end to need We unacceptable. is This years. 40 last the over rate white the as high as twice roughly remained has rate unemployment black The country. our transform to vision his continue to pledge also but for, stood he what remember only not must we King, Dr. honor we As investigation. general's attorney a trigger automatically should it custody, police in while killed is country this in anybody Whenever Jr. King Luther Martin -Dr. wealth." of distribution better a be must there but socialism, democratic it call or democracy, it "Call America?'" in people poor million forty there are ‘Why question, the ask must "We King: Luther Martin Dr. Jr. King Luther Martin -Dr. poor." the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This money. big not people, the of needs the to respond Congress make to have We top. the to going is income new all almost and poverty in living are people million 47 where economy, rigged a have we understand Americans class. billionaire the not class, middle the for works that economy an create to going are We idea? radical a for ready you Are wage. living a workers your pay and welfare of off Get Walmart: of family Walton the for message a got I affordable: hometown his made Sanders Bernie How @Slate: RT education. college a get will they income, family of regardless hard, work they if that country, this in kid every tell to is job Our raids. the ending and violence fleeing those welcoming by tradition immigrant our with consistent remain must we nation, a As class. middle the than taxes lower paid yet years, 2 in billion $18 by increase wealth their saw brothers Koch the that unbelievable It's people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must States United the goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society a As … deceit their about net" wide a "Casting scandal. investigating in NY joins news--CA big Big @billmckibben: RT trouble. in are people its and planet This activity. human by caused and real is change Climate over. is debate The fuels. fossil from away system energy our move to boldly act we that vital absolutely is It man-made. and real is change climate is reality The change. climate about doubt sow to money of sums huge spending are brothers Koch The up. 'em break to need we and powerful too are institutions financial huge say would he today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If serve. they communities the like more look departments police our make and policing community toward move to needs States United The not. do banks of CEOs the while marijuana smoking for records criminal have kids many that unacceptable It's wealthy. the for privilege a is care health where nation a in live We underinsured. or uninsured still are people million 50 today US the In United. Citizens -- history its in decisions disastrous most the of one is think I what issued Court Supreme the today, ago years 6 override… stopping for advance in thanks And . for to efforts your all for you Thank @SenSanders @EnvAm: RT government. States United the own to opportunity an people wealthiest the given has Court Supreme the United, Citizens of result a As for. stands Constitution our what not is elections buying Billionaires elections. of funding public toward move to need we field, playing even an have candidates where democracy, vibrant a want we If elections. buy cannot powerful the and wealthy the so election, of funding public the to move and United Citizens overturn to have We government. the not make, to doctor her and woman the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The women. million 15 than more of wages the boost significantly would hour an $15 to wage minimum the Increasing debated. or question under be never would rights reproductive women's men, 17 and women 83 had Senate US the if that belief firm my It's end. must that and abuse sexual and violence domestic from suffering still are women and girls many Too bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should Corporations extremism. that’s body, own her control not can she that woman a tell you When them. expand to going are we rights, women's on retreat to going not we are only Not insane. totally is This doctors. their by them to prescribed drugs the purchase to afford to unable are Americans 5 of out 1 Street. Wall of selfishness and greed the end must We wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to have We hour. an $8 or $ on it make can’t people that is line bottom The worked. not has economics Trickle-down wrong. is This corporations. the to and rich the to breaks tax more give Let’s say: Republicans Congress. the regulates Street Wall that is truth real The Street. Wall regulates Congress that impression mistaken the have people Many Francis -Pope people." elderly treats it how by judged also is civilization, a of mean I society, a of quality "The billionaires. to beholden is which establishment political a economy, our destroying is greed whose establishment corporate a have We United. Citizens overturn to got we've why That's another. and donors billionaire of group one between war a be not should Democracy need? in those for not but war for money have always Republicans do Why effective? so been has it when Security Social cutting on insist people some do Why poverty. in live seniors of percent 9 than less Today, grandchildren. and children your about more worry and contributions campaign your about less Worry Republicans: for message a have I nation. our for and people young our for tragedy a That’s debt. auto-loan or card credit than debt student more carrying are Americans people. young of generation entire an on backs our turn to continue cannot we future, the in succeed to is country this If billion. $157 by 2015 and 2013 between increase wealth their saw country this in people 14 wealthiest The belief. beyond almost is This battles. our fight and weapons those use who women and men the of care taking is So war. of cost a are guns and tanks and Planes people. richest the of some for than higher lot a of hell a is rate tax people's working of millions where situation a with up ended We've 2002. since percent 90 than more by up gone has States United the in medicine on spending total that unacceptable It's Street. Main repairing started and Street Wall out bailing stopped we time high It’s Nominee FDA on Hold Places Sanders NEWS: Americans. ordinary for work FDA the make would he that believe to reason no me give companies pharmaceutical to ties extensive Califf’s Dr. it. accomplish we after day the until accomplish cannot we what us tell always pundits the of All expensive. too is medication of cost the that believe who people American the of percent 72 the to listen to needs Congress CEOs. just not everybody, for work that policies drug prescription implementing by world industrialized the of rest the join to needs US The VT in together started we programs housing affordable the expand to work your of proud So ! winning for @chtrust Congrats responsible held be must Pharma Big money. enough have didn't they because filled prescriptions their get didn't people million 35 2015, In option. first the not choice, last the be must War jobs. create to can we everything doing be should we underemployed, or unemployed either are workers of percent 10 than more when time a At country. this in education higher a get to able be should desire the and ability the has who country this in kid every that believe I billionaires. of greed the indulging not class, middle the protect to fighting is about be should economy American the What discrimination. and sexism but nothing That's less. even it’s color of women for and men to compared dollar the on cents 79 making are Women top. on few the to class middle the from gone have dollars of trillions country- this in wealth of transfer massive a been already There's top. on people of handful a just not us, of all for works that government a creating is socialism democratic of definition My change. climate of reality the recognize even to refuse exceptions, few with politicians, Republican that embarrassment an is really It money. of lot a that’s Washington, in Even 2009. since lobbying in billion $ staggering a spent companies electric and coal Oil, it. afford cannot they because need they medication the without go to have not should Americans million 35 fuels. fossil to addiction society’s of consequences severe most the bear will communities minority and low-income in live who People $15! to wage minimum the raise must We disagree. I Americans. working hard of millions for enough are wages starvation believe Republicans fuels. fossil not and energy renewable efficient, on focus must we economy, our improving and planet the protecting about serious are we If prisoners. world’s the of percent 25 have we yet population, world’s the of percent five is States United the that unacceptable It's families. their sustain to care health and income enough together cobble to jobs 3 or 2 working are people of millions country the Across workers. women for equity pay have to going are We men. to compared dollar the on cents 79 making women of disgrace the end must We unacceptable. is That men. white 106 every in one to compared incarcerated, is men African-American 15 every in One dollar. the on cents 79 earn men as work same the do who America in women when fairness. basic of issue American an instead but issue partisan a be not should men for $16,590 to compared $12,857 is women by received income Security Social yearly average The effects. lifelong has gap wage gender The babies. newborn their with home stay to income the have don’t they because work to back forced are parents of millions that outrage an It’s Americans. wealthiest the benefit to Street Wall by rigged been that's system political a and economy an tolerate longer no We'll inadequate. totally is now have we wage minimum the that recognize to got have just We parents. single are workers wage low of 27% free. tuition universities public make and college attending at shot fair a income, or race their of regardless kids, our give to need We Medicare and Security Social cutting not expanding be should We 2013. in men than poverty in lived women elderly many as twice than More economy. the of collapse near the causing for jail to gone has executive Street Wall major one not that outrage an is It raises. get economy the destroy helped who CEOs St. Wall while records police get marijuana with caught get who kids that sense no makes It end! to got has This rebates. tax in billion $ received but taxes income federal no paid Verizon and Boeing GE, 2013, and 2008 Between Francis -Pope crumbling." is majority the of that exponentially, increasing is minority a of income the "While disappearing. is country this of middle-class the while breaks tax for calling are corporations large of CEOs the that outrage an is It taxes! of share fair their pay must country this in corporations largest the Islands, Cayman the in profits sheltering of Instead privilege. a not and all, of right a is healthcare that recognize and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The pipelines. fuel fossil new oppose vigorously not but change climate about concerned be can one how understand to me for hard is It drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far, by pay, Americans that unacceptable is It top. on those to goes income new the of much so because it know Americans few but world, the of history the in nation wealthiest the are We deserve. they respect and dignity the with retire can country this in everyone that sure make to Security Social expand to time It’s 1%. top the benefit to designed and them against rigged is system economic current our that understand people American The wages? lower for hours longer working are Americans of millions productivity, and technology in advancements huge despite that, it is Why powerful. the and wealthy the from contributions for begging without office for run can one where democracy a towards move must We powerful. the on take necessary, when and, people working with stand to poor, the with stand to courage the have we that imperative is It wealth. and money serve to have not should people The people. the serve should wealth and Money super-rich. the for and super-rich the by super-rich, the of nation a toward moving rapidly are We poverty. in living are children American African of percent 40 that unacceptable simply is It profits. short-term for planet the destroy to willing is business Big share? fair their pay to Americans and corporations wealthiest the ask we do or benefits security social cut we do is: line bottom The year. a $13,000 on survive to trying are seniors some that fact the despite Security, Social cut to want Republicans that unacceptable It's exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a If them! cut not benefits Security Social expand and extend to time it's month, a $1,328 just is today benefit Security Social average the When end! to got has This insurance. health zero have who country this in people million 29 have still we outrageous It's wage. living a to wage minimum the raise we that imperative absolutely is it poverty, in living still are Americans working of millions When poverty. childhood in 1 No. and billionaires in 1 No. is States United the world, industrialized the in that outrageous It's cancer. with diagnosed are you because bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In Americans. ordinary for work not will system care health our profits, over patients put we until it: face Let's Americans. many for struggle daily a are prices drug skyrocketing today, spotlight national the in is greed Shkreli’s Martin Although prescriptions. their fill to afford cannot Americans five in One drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the pay We end. must It Shkreli. Martin like CEOs company pharmaceutical of profiteering blatant the with up fed are people American The prices. drug skyrocketing stop to plan comprehensive a forward put have I and @RepCummings why That's increases." price prescription astronomical of year another accept won't We ENOUGH. is "ENOUGH say, to Americans for time It's wages. lower for hours longer working are Americans ordinary while millionaires of proliferation a seen have we that outrage an It's need. they education and jobs the get them help to and people young our in investing start to us for overdue long is time The jobs. of millions us cost have and America corporate by written were which TPP, and NAFTA like agreements trade opposed strongly always I've better. do can We care. delivering to than rather costs, administrative to goes States United the in spent dollar care health every of 30% penalty. death the to no say and country industrialized Western, other every almost join to States United the for time is it believe I enjoy. already economy advanced every in workers that benefit a leave, family paid denied be should workers American that reason no is There races. all of Americans young of incarceration mass the be cannot and not is poverty and unemployment to answer The leave. medical and family paid provide not does that country major only the is America that disgraceful It’s . leave! medical and family paid of weeks 12 least at guaranteed be should America in worker every view, my In leave. family paid on stand they where them ask values, family about talk politician a hear you time Next jobs. American decent-paying become not does export largest our so agreements trade our rewrite fundamentally to need we that view my is It percent. 40 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart, of family Walton the America, in family one when wrong profoundly something is There policy. leave medical and family a have not does that Earth on country major only the is States United the why reason no is There lobbyists. their and PACs super their billionaires, of handful a to not and people the to belongs nation great This enough! is Enough option. first the not resort, last the be should action military unilateral that is line bottom The veterans. for care health expand to tried Bernie exposed, was scandal Affairs Veterans the before Months Flashback: jail! in people most the with country the not world, the in population educated best the with country the as known be should America infrastructure! crumbling our rebuild must We transit. to access meaningful any lack households American of 45% nearly that outrageous It's practice! revolting most this end must We loans. student of off profits in dollars of billions makes government federal the year, Every infrastructure. our in invest to need We 12. No. are we Today infrastructure. in 1 No. was States United the when time a once was There class. billionaire the not and families working of needs the reflects work Congress' so system finance campaign our reform must We with. dealt be must and immoral simply is This make. workers their what times 300 make CEOs States, United the In democracy. our undermines it cowardice- political just isn't turnout voter suppressing by elections win to officials elected by Attempts simple. and plain right, your It’s have. you money much how or car a have you whether on depend shouldn’t vote to ability Your wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to got have We it. in them keep not poverty, of out Americans lift must job a 2016, year the In -@joewalkerWSJ. costs prescription in rein to effort any against lobbies it as campaign ad launches industry Drug has. it billionaires and millionaires of number the in lie not does country a of greatness true The else. everyone and rich very the between gap growing the reduce to responsibility moral a have We money. of lot a that’s DC, in Even contributions. campaign and lobbying on million $250 spent makers drug 2014, In endure. many so racism structural the address simultaneously must we country, this in inequality income of levels grotesque tackle we While income. your of regardless college, to go can You college? to go to want You people: young their to say who nations other from learn must We corporations. multi-national large, of CEOs the just not and nation our of families working the for work that policies trade need We fuels. fossil from away system energy our transform aggressively to is job human by caused and real is change Climate percent. one top the to going are wealth and income new the of all almost system, economic rigged our In bodies. own their control to country this in women of right the politicizing stop should Republicans it! cut not - Security Social expand must we income, their of most for benefits Security Social on rely seniors American of two-thirds When change climate combat to fight the in spare to time no There's disappointing. deeply is decision Court's Supreme The interests. special of ahead health and profits of ahead people puts that system care health national a is need we What that. understands history read who’s Anyone easily. place take not does Change careers. their begin and work find to unable are people young of millions world the in countries richest the in that unacceptable It's Security. Social expanding by dignity with retire they ensure to have We retire. they when happen will what about worried are workers Older welfare. corporate That's IRS. the from rebate million $156 a received actually and profits in billion $19 made Mobil Exxon 2009, In Korea North on Sanctions Strengthened Supports Sanders NEWS: before. ever than richer are who corporations multinational the for not worker, American the for designed are that policies trade need We office. in seats own their protect to restrictions voting enacting officials elected are America in have we fraud voter major only The wage. minimum a of concept the with away do to want but wage, minimum the raise not will only not who Republicans have we that crazy is It Program Enforcement Immigration for Accountability Demand Grijalva Sanders, NEWS: police. the calling for deported being of afraid be not should violence domestic and crime of Victims Street. Wall on in cashing finally is Geithner Tim Secretary Treasury Ex Read: Must energy. solar on leader national a be to continues Vermont that proud So … Capitol! the at raises BIG got Sontia like workers @SenSanders, like lawmakers to Thanks @GoodJobsNation: RT happen. that let can’t We percent. 1 the for works that Congress a have can they so millions of hundreds spending are brothers Koch The on. live can anybody that wage a not is It wage. starvation a is $ of wage minimum federal the that understand people American The breaks. tax more for ask still they and 10 than less it's Today revenue. tax federal of 30% over contributed corporations large 1950s the In them. need who those to accessible are naloxone, as such drugs, lifesaving ensure must We day. each lives 78 claims epidemic opioid The privilege. a not right, a be should education why is That future. nation’s our in investment strategic a is education Higher manner. timely a in care receive condition health mental a with living Americans one-in-five the that imperative It's -@stavernise Growing Is Poor the and Rich the of Spans Life in Disparity Read: Must crisis. this defeat must We Americans. young for jobs decent-paying of lack the is country this facing crisis serious most the of One bill crime 1994 the on speech floor Sanders to link the Here's @chrislhayes: RT mortgages. housing than higher are that loans college for rates interest pay to forced are parents their and students that sense no makes It overtime. without week a hours 60 or 50 work $30K/year, than less earning many Americans, of millions which in scandal the end must We case. the longer no that's Sadly world. the of envy the were - rail bridges, roads, - infrastructure nation's our when time a once was There change. climate of effects irreversible the subsiding in interested are we if fuels fossil from away system energy our transform must We enough! is Enough jobs. manufacturing decent-paying million over lost have policies trade’ ‘free unfettered disastrous our 2001, Since deserve. and earned have they benefit every receive veterans all that ensure and wounded the for provide to obligation moral a have We habitable. and healthy is that planet a kids our leaving about more and contributions campaign their about less worry to need Republicans Refugees Border for Process Due Guarantee to Legislation @SenatorReid's Backs Sanders NEWS: $15/hour! least at to wage minimum the raise must We poverty. in lives worker full-time no that ensure to be must nation a as goal Our passing. his mourn who colleagues, and family Scalia's Justice with are prayers and thoughts My continues. justice economic and racial for struggle The average. national the double is unemployment American African Today, now. it buy don't I and then, it buy didn't I was. deregulation great how us tell to Congress visiting Greenspan Alan forget never will I impossible. is nothing justice, for together stand people When hour. an pennies make who people against compete to workers American forced that NAFTA like agreements trade free the to opposed remain I change. climate reversing in world the lead and News, Fox not community, scientific the to listen must We make? parents their money much how of because college attending from people young bright discourage literally to us for it is insane How fled. have they countries the to violence domestic and crime of victims and children unaccompanied back send to calls tolerate not will We Brandeis Louis - few.” a of hands the in concentrated wealth great have can we or country this in democracy have either can “We up. them divide not families, unite to be must reform immigration of terms in principle guiding Our Act. Choice Free Employee the pass must We so. do to union a join to want who workers for possible it makes which legislation need We way. peaceful a in conflicts resolve to strength our use can we how but in, engage can we wars many how not is nation great a of test The elections. buy to able be should billionaires other and Brothers Koch the that mean not does It vote. one person, one means Democracy stagnant. are wages workers' but soaring is productivity Today, together. grew wages and productivity II, War World after decades three For policies. trade our rewrite fundamentally must we jobs, good of millions creating and class middle the rebuilding about serious are we If America. in poverty massive have we that and unemployed are kids black young of 50% that reality the with deal to have We unfairly. color of people punish that minimums mandatory racially-biased with Drugs’ on ‘War failed a in engaged been have we decades, For exist. to big too it's fail, to big too is bank a If bailout. taxpayer another prevent &amp; system financial healthy a ensure can we crisis, a face they before banks too-big-to-fail up breaking By emissions. carbon on back cut to got have we that us tell who those and science on back its turning Congress US the about worried very am I interests moneyed on take &amp; people working with stand to guts the have we unless confidence people's American the regain never will Congress workers. American for disaster a are but corporation, major a of CEO are you if great are America corporate by pushed agreements trade The jobs. American decent-paying become not does export largest our so agreements trade our rewrite fundamentally to need we that view my is It solutions. humane and compassion requires that crisis a address to families immigrant of thousands deport and up round to continue cannot We Security. Social expand &amp; cap the lift must We absurd. That's 2016. for Security Social into paying stopped millionaires week, This that. of proud very be all should we think I and immigrants, of daughters and sons the are we because great is country Our control. birth affordable to access woman’s a restrict to reason valid no is There become? to wish we do nation of kind What question: moral a asking we're ultimately reform, campaign and inequality wealth discuss we When concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic and anti-immigrant the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We country. our defend to line the on lives their put who women and men those to owe we that debt the repay never can we that is truth The next. the available longer no is it out find and day one drug lifesaving a taking be could you today, America in that unacceptable is It infrastructure. our in invest to time the is Now deficient. structurally as designated been have bridges nation's the of quarter a Today, Party. Brothers Koch the but Party, Democratic or Republican the be won't America party political powerful most the years, coming the In racket. prison for-profit the end to got have We America. over all prisons privatized have we that repugnant morally simply is It all. it want apparently who top on handful a by controlled be to it allow cannot We us. of all to belongs country, great this country, This reverse. in dream American the It's parents. their than living of standard lower a have will today children track, current our on stay we If loans car for pay they than higher rates interest paying not are students that so program loan student our restructure fundamentally must We billionaires. to breaks tax giving of instead programs nutrition expanding be should We insecurity. food experience seniors 5 in 1 Today, US. the in jobs creating businesses in investing be should we jobs, exporting are that companies to loans low-interest providing of Instead free! tuition college make and nations other join must we economy, global the in competitive be and class middle our rebuild to are we If respect. same the with students college graduating treat can we rates, interest low extremely with Street Wall out bail could Fed the If children their with time leisure spend can parents so time vacation guaranteed and leave family paid time, sick paid are values family Real us. for deals trade our write to corporations allow longer no can we prove jobs good of millions and factories of thousands of loss The attack. under are them represent which unions trade the that is people working and class middle the of decline the for reasons the of One families working against people powerful most and wealthiest the of some by waged being war a is It country. this in on going war a is There America. of States United the to back jobs bring and taxes dodging stop to America in corporations largest the ask to got have We liberties. civil our safeguard also must laws but terrorists, suspected investigate to need they tools strong the authorities give should We bills. their pay to just jobs three or two work must more millions and poverty in live workers full-time of millions that disgraceful is It right. be would he And up. 'em break say would He banks? big the about say would he what know you do today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If student. college a as arrested being Sanders Bernie of footage Here's @HuffPostCollege: RT agenda. Congress' explain to way long a goes which Americans, working with step of out profoundly are class billionaire the of views The it. doing while rich getting and impunity with planet the destroying is industry fuel fossil The privacy. of right constitutional their and people American the of safety the protects that legislation have to idea radical a not It's hospitals. of out and healthy seniors keeping by money Americans saves programs nutrition senior in investing day, the of end the At government. the by collected being information that without today call telephone a make to right a have people view, my In class. middle the of part a be to need they jobs the get them help to people young our in investing start to us for overdue long is time The prescriptions. their fill to afford to unable are Americans 5 in 1 when country this in drugs prescription to approach new a need clearly We off? us ripping are who companies drug to up stand to guts the have we Do this: to down comes America in costs prescription of future The Canada. from drugs prescription affordable import cannot we why reason no absolutely is there Mexico, from tomatoes import can we If GMOs. contains product a if know to consumers allow and world the over all countries join to States United the for idea radical a not It's crisis. into economy world the send could failure its that extensive so holdings have should institution financial single No 1995 in Republican homophobic a demolish Sanders Bernie Watch @HuffingtonPost: RT nation. our of fabric the become have programs these Yet socialist. called was - wage minimum a Medicare, - proposed FDR everything Almost the in as price the one-tenth for Canada in sold factory same the in company, same the by manufactured drug a have you do How down. it shut to plan a see to glad I'm policy. foreign our undermined and standing moral our damaged has Guantanamo poverty. in live kids American Native of percent 47 and kids American African of percent 37 yet and nation richest world's the in live We it. in them keep not poverty, of out worker a lift to enough pay job time full a that demand to reasonable is it think I jobs. create will that and services, buy goods, buy and out go to going are they people, working of hands the into money put we When elsewhere. and Canada from drugs of importation to barriers reduce should We prescriptions. their for less far pay countries other in People GMOs. label to allowed be must states other and Vermont it. on depend disabilities with people and seniors many so when Security Social cut to economics bad and immoral it's view, my In so. do to allowed be should they union, a join to right constitutional their exercise to want country this in workers if is, line bottom The greed. industry's pharmaceutical the to up stand will he convinced not I'm because nomination Califf's Dr. opposed I Confirmation Nominee’s FDA on Statement Sanders NEWS: percent. one top the to going are wealth and income new the of all almost system, economic rigged our in that unacceptable It's end! to got has This States. United the in $750 for sold be can pill a cents 66 for Britain in sold drug a that me to sense no makes It's Voters Conservation of League from Score Perfect Receives Sanders NEWS: country. major any of poverty childhood of rate highest the have to continue we yet billionaires, to breaks tax give we that outrageous It's care. health no have they when free truly not are People family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are People ways. of kinds all in else everybody impacts country this in everybody believe I but hungry are who kids on backs our turn to easy very It's 1993 in Bernie - wealthier. become wealthy the and poorer become people working which by process the accelerate simply will NAFTA (10/6/1993) Bernie - taxpayer. American the and environment the farmers, Mexican and American for disaster a be will NAFTA Finds Report New Patients, Gouges Price and Taxes Dodges Pfizer NEWS: people. working our for disaster unmitigated an been have agreements trade Free jobs. American million 3 of loss the to led China with PNTR patients. American off rip to allowed be longer no can companies pharmaceutical other and Pfizer enough. is Enough consumers. harm and industry broadband high-speed the in duopoly a create would deal Charter New proposed The merger @TWC @CharterCom about concerns raise @SenSanders including senators Five @davidshepardson: RT gas. natural of exportation and extraction the incentivizing not fuels, fossil from away transitioning be should We $9,900. to years ten last the over doubled than more has drugs cancer of cost monthly the that insane totally It's everybody. for work that policies drug Rx implementing by world industrialized the of rest the join to needs States United The wage. starvation a undoubtedly is That year. a $15,000 about making are you wage, minimum federal current the at week a hours 40 work you If issue. American an is It issue. conservative a not is It issue. progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The country. our in jobs union of number the increase must we class, middle the rebuilding and inequality wealth reducing about serious we're If far. by country industrialized any in highest the poverty, in living are America in children of percent 21 that ridiculous It's Profits Prison Private Details Report New After Action Urges Sanders NEWS: racket. prison for-profit private, the end must We 2015. in profits in million $361 combined a made operators prison private largest two The need. they medication life-saving the take to afford cannot they because die will they that fear in live to have not should Americans debt. in deeply going without need they education the get to able be should income, of regardless Americans, all view, my In same. the do to able be should government Our down. costs keep to behalf citizens' their on companies drug with negotiate countries Other them. let can’t We it. get to order political existing the dismantle to prepared are and more, and more and more want to seem rich very The workers. American of interests the endanger, not protect, should policies Trade bottom. the to race the end to need We hour. an $15 to wage minimum the raising by poverty in living Americans million 47 nearly the to end put can we is, line bottom The regime. authoritarian an China, than even more – country major any than bars behind people more has America win. we justice, for together stand women and men When win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let prevail? Money Big &amp; contributors campaign billionaire of power extraordinary the will or Americans ordinary with stand DC in politicians Do industry. drug the to up stand to courage the have doesn't Congress because need they medication the without go to have should American No bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should corporations view, my In Congress. the regulates Street Wall that is truth real The Street. Wall regulates Congress that impression mistaken the have people Many richer. billionaires make to day after day works economy our yet need, people what provide and hungry the feed to enough producing are We h… safe felt people trans towns only the of one ran Sanders Bernie Mayor unpopular, politically wildly was it when Back @oneunderscore__: RT industry. pharmaceutical the by on off signed and written were they reason: one for measures control cost no have programs drug Medicare Our … field: playing the level to how on op-ed @BostonGlobe my Read more. do must we and fwd, step huge a was FMLA @SenWarren: RT decade. next the over trillion $6 than more businesses and people American the save would Medicare-for-all America. of States United the to back jobs bring and taxes dodging stop to America in corporations largest the tell to got have We protections. overtime basic without ever than harder working are people of Millions fuels. fossil from pollution increased subsidizes that welfare polluter the end to need we change, climate ending about serious we're If … Law Labeling ’s Block Would That Tues, Markup Sen. For Set Bill, Oppose @SenSanders &amp; Leahy @SenatorLeahy: RT future. energy clean percent 100 a have can we that shows power wind of cost decreasing The loan. student a on pay would you than loan car a on rate interest lower a get and now right out go can you that absurd totally is It student. every to education higher quality affordable, an providing to commitment public our restore must we nation, a as that believe I succeed. to going not we're splintering, start we if That together. stand to got have we that know Americans of majority overwhelming The infrastructure. our rebuild to is that do to way fastest The work. to back Americans of millions put to program jobs federal major a need We kids their feeding they're what know to right a have Parents GMOs. label to allowed be must states other and Vermont college. to go to get you whether decide shouldn’t income family Your 2008. than proportions lower in college in enroll now teens income Low should. they taxes the pay finally marketplace the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most change? climate of science the to comes it when denial in are but cancer on research the respect and accept can Republicans that it is Why factories. shuttering and America in jobs slashing are who people the precisely are policies trade free continuing for advocates key The them. unite could that issues from deflect to is immigrants, against born native blacks, against whites setting scapegoating, of purpose The Case Law Abortion Key on Statement Sanders NEWS: only. name in right a become officially will abortion stand, to allowed is law Texas the If rights. reproductive protected constitutionally their exercise to order in miles 150 over travel to have would alone Texas in women 900,000 clinic. a to distances long travel to ability or means the have don't who women low-income on impact devastating especially an have would It abortion. an to right woman’s a on burden substantial a place to light green a states other giving effect, domino a have would it And bodies. own their control to right the have didn't America in women when days the to back go cannot We right. constitutional woman’s a is abortion legal and safe a to access that reaffirm must Court The infrastructure. our rebuilding done be to work enormous is there when underemployed or unemployed are workers of millions that absurd is It war. to them send don't veterans, of care take to expensive too it's think you If corrupt. respects, many in but, unfair grossly only not is which today system political a reform must we that means socialism Democratic backwards. it got We’ve lobbyists. their and corporations welcomes it yet you, on back its turns government poor, are you if now, Right policies. trade our rewrite fundamentally must we need, desperately we jobs paying good of millions the creating about serious are we If high. too already are that prices internet and cable lower won't monopolies bigger Even Warner. Time buy Charter let not should FCC The factories. lost more and jobs lost more for way the pave would deals trade bad that understood always Bernie's inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not we that remember to important It's school. high at end not should education public free people, young our education the on depends America of future the When income. of regardless college, to go can college to go to wants who country this in American qualified every that sure make to got have We job. paying decent a for need they training the with them provide to than jail in people throw to expensive more it's is, line bottom The today. food buy to money enough have not do they because tonight dinner skip may seniors American million 4 nearly is reality sad The seniors. for services other and programs nutrition expanding be should we them, need don’t who those to breaks tax more giving of Instead years. 40 past the over declining been has class middle American the is, reality the years, six last the gains made has economy the While senators. and scientists engineers, teachers, doctors, future nation’s our are they because today, people young our in invest to need We state. 14th the became Vermont today ago years 225 Vermont! birthday Happy issue. American an It's issue. liberal a or issue conservative a isn't reform finance Campaign power. in stay to ignorance and fear people’s manipulate instead people ordinary of needs the address can’t and rich the represent who Those candidates. the to money of amounts huge contribute rich the and vote people few where one is likes class ruling the "democracy" of kind The energies. sustainable and efficiency energy to move and fuel fossil on dependency our break independence, energy to move to time the is Now too. it understand to needs Congress Our guns. and tanks as war of cost a much as is veterans of care Taking understand: people American The departments. police our demilitarize must We armies. occupying like look not should neighborhoods African-American in departments Police elections. buying billionaires want don’t They elections. free want They elections. fair want people American The today. level that at live who seniors of percent 20 have we is reality sad the but year, a $7,600 on lives anybody how sure quite not I'm savings. retirement no have workers older of half than more world, the of history the in country wealthiest the America, in that absurd It's wider. growing is else everybody and rich very the between gap the and Earth on country major any than inequality wealth more have we Today eating. are they what know to right consumer's a about than profits own their about concerned more is Monsanto that unacceptable It's ideas. their on based people elect to right the have should we democracy, a In auctions. be not should Elections speech. free not is Money science." reject We what? know "You saying, Senate and House the controlling party a have you when frightening is really It immoral. it's economics- bad just isn't disabilities, with those and seniors for issue death and life a Security, Social Cutting doing. be should we what exactly is that and jobs, million 13 create would infrastructure our repair to investment trillion $1 a Making impossible. is nothing justice for together stand people when that showed Selma in lives their risked who people The them? to listening is who debts, horrendous with saddled being about talk kids class working When listens. Congress talks, Street Wall When end! to got has This medicine. or food buying of choice the budgets limited their with juggle to have seniors of millions Everyday, Americans. of millions for health to access to barrier significant a are medicines patented of prices the that is fact simple The engineered. genetically is food that whether and eating they're food the in is what know to want Americans is, fact simple The lives. their over control full have to order in health reproductive their over control full have must Women Policy Housing Racist University’s His on Testimony 1961 Sanders’ Bernie Read @MotherJones: RT Fed. the at henhouse the guarding are foxes The regulating. of charge in is it bankers very the by hijacked been has Reserve Federal The globe. the around all people to and States United the in here harm devastating causing already is change Climate here: Apply 18. March before in application your Get summer? this Sanders Bernie Sen. for intern to Want America. of history modern the in time any at than more almost poverty, in living Americans million 45 over have we that ridiculous It's bankruptcy. in up end not should person that hospital, the to goes person a when is line bottom The student. every to education higher quality affordable, an providing to commitment public our restore must we nation, a as that believe I lenders. responsible like acting start and sharks loan like acting stop must banks Big money? own our withdraw to fees large pay we do Why environment? the and families working represent that organizations or America Corporate legislation? trade on trust we should views Whose war. that of consequences unintended the comprehend to easy so not It countries. other on war declare to easy is It fail. to big too were they because out them bailed we before were they than bigger are US the in banks largest 10 the Today values. family real support and lead state's the follow to Congress for time It's leave. sick paid passing for Vermont of Proud science. rejecting is party political entire an virtually where history American in moment strange very a at are We democracy. our to risk systemic a pose already They nation. our over power political much too have institutions financial huge of handful A Bank. Export-Import the to come to yet has idea that But idea. radical a Not jobs. their protect must you then money, taxpayers' want you If imperative. moral a emissions gas greenhouse addressing rapidly makes communities vulnerable most our on impacts deadly change's Climate possible. as soon as so do to failing of cost the fear truly should energy renewable to transitioning of cost the about concerned Those veterans. are America in homeless are who people the of portion significant a that disgrace national a is It contributors. campaign wealthy just not and America of families working the representing start to Congress for overdue long is time The us. among people vulnerable most the treats it how by but has it millionaires and billionaires many how by not judged is nation A corporations. multinational just not taxpayers, American represent you then money, our use you If Bank: Export-Import the to message My bailout? their Where's collapse. Street Wall the of result a as wealth their of half lost community African-American The application. your in get to week a got You've summer? this Sanders Bernie Sen. with internship paid a Want today. senior of millions for death or life It's have. we program Federal important most the arguably is Security Social down. trickle to it for waiting done are people our of rest The top. the at those for off paid has corporations for rates growth High Vermont in Treatment Abuse Substance for Funds Center Health in Million $ Announces Sanders NEWS: change. climate reversing on lead the taking means that and stage, global the on leader a be to needs country our believe I wrong. dead been have they again, over and Over jobs. create would they us told agreements trade free of supporters again, over and Over for. pay to forgot he wars two into us took and billionaires to breaks tax gave Bush W. George because debt national large a such have We way. peaceful a in conflicts resolve to strength our use can we how but in, engage can we wars many how not is nation great a of test The lobbyists. fuel fossil to pander to order in planet our of future the risk to colleagues Republican my for irresponsible than more is It deductibles. and copayments high to due doctor a see to afford can't coverage health have who millions when broken is system care health Our hungry. go not does nation great our built that generation the that ensure must We insecurity. food experience seniors million 4 Nearly secretaries. their than lower is which rate tax effective an enjoy often managers fund hedge millionaire that unacceptable is It Americans. of percent 40 bottom the than wealth more is That today. billion $150 worth now is family Walton the that ridiculous It's infrastructure. crumbling a alongside exist cannot economy strong a and nation great a is line bottom The generations. future for habitable and healthy is that planet a leave to order in fuels fossil from away system energy our transform must We care. health quality to access have uninsured are who us of millions the ensure to duty collective our is It together. this in all are We 2007. in did she than year last less $1,337 earned worker female median the that outrageous It's dignity. with retire to going are they how wondering savings in $8,000 than less with Americans of millions have we is reality sad The safety. our compromising without military our to cuts judicious afford can we combined, nation's other every rivals budget military our When rebuild. class middle the help to well phenomenally doing are who corporations multinational and wealthy the for now is time The https:/… amendments through wants he what get to Congress of doors side the used has Sanders Bernie @nytpolitics: RT ago. long that all not savings life and homes, jobs, their lost people of millions the about forgotten sadly have we seems it Sometimes sources. energy sustainable local on reliant more and fuel, fossil on reliant less independent, energy more be to need we nation, a As now: Apply Friday. is summer this Sanders Sen. with internship paid a for deadline The them. defeat can we together but Washington, in lobbyists and money of supply unlimited virtually a have to seem may companies fuel Fossil activity. criminal a not disease, a is addiction that understand to begin we if need in people many help and lives save can We myth. that shatter help me Let illegal? wasn’t it but wrong been have may did Street Wall what that myth the heard we have times many How activity. illegal or unethical in engage competitors their likely was it said year a $500,000 over making executives Street Wall of 51% workplace. the in wrongdoing criminal potentially of knowledge firsthand have or witnessed they've say executives financial 3 in 1 than More successful. be to activity unethical or illegal in engage must they believe professionals service financial five in one Nearly overseas. jobs their shipped and workers American off laid then who corporations large to money taxpayer gave bank Export-Import The consequences. catastrophic avoid to able be not will we boldly, act not do we if - critical is change climate on action of decade next The $250,000. above income taxable on cap the lifting by grandchildren and kids our for solvent Security Social make to together work must We earth. ravages change climate while profits record in rake to companies fuel fossil allowed we why ask will grandkids our act, don't we If declining? been has women poor of expectancy life the world, the in nation richest the country, our in that it is horrific How Legislation Labeling GMO on Statement Sanders NEWS: labeled. be should GMOs that believe overwhelmingly who people American the of will the violates labeling GMO block to bill Roberts' Sen. bill. outrageous this rejected and corporations industry food and Monsanto of demands the to up stood Congress that pleased am I here. exist can’t it reason no is There countries. other 64 in exists labeling GMO eat. they food the in what's know to right a have People Nomination Court Supreme Obama’s President on Statement Sanders NEWS: theirs. do to Republicans for time It’s job. his done has @POTUS bench. the on experience of decades with nominee strong a is Garland Judge low. sixty-year a at are rates tax effective their and profits record make they though even taxes lower for everyday lobby Corporations democracy. It's radical. not That's money. lobbyists' not votes, constituents' their for working be should Politicians really: simple, It's through. going are people what see don't They years. 35 for stagnant been have wages that know lawmakers many think don't I 20%. top the than earlier years seven die 20% bottom the in income with People sentence. death a often is it discomfort, just not is Poverty potential. country's this understand you if not grandchildren, or kids your for future decent a want you if not - option an not is Despair absurdity. that end to time it’s Maybe period. ten-year a in billion $500 of tune the to jobs outsource that companies to breaks tax give We infrastructure. water our rebuild must We water. tap by poisoned being are kids American 2016 in that belief beyond It's ht… Funds Hedge from St. Main protect help to critical is @SenWarren @SenSanders w/@SenatorBaldwin My @SenJeffMerkley: RT banks. predatory of profits the of ahead uniform in women and men brave our of interests the put to time past It's boldly. act must We now. and here apparent are impacts the – future the for problem a just isn’t change Climate enough. sacrificed already have country this in many Too groups. vulnerable most our backs the on budget the balance not will we No, share. fair their pay to groups these ask we time high is It abroad. money their stashes Pfizer refund. a gets Verizon taxes. no pays Boeing accordingly. budgets their written have they and deficit the for blame to are poor the that been has decades for perspective Republican The unprecedented. be would nominee Court Supreme president's the on hearings hold to Refusing millions? affect which policies trade our draft voters, to accountable none negotiators, trade few a that it is democracy of perversion What hungry. go America in children when taxes paying avoid to able be not should corporations multinational Large Dodge Tax Pfizer Prevent to Treasury on Calls Sanders NEWS: infrastructure. our rebuild to longer any wait to us for high too is negligence of cost human and financial The Program Seniors Support to Effort Leads Sanders NEWS: earth. on country major any of rate poverty childhood highest the has States United the that disgrace national a is It … READ: . the for funds in increase 12% a urging letter a signed Senators 31 NEWS: @_MealsOnWheels: RT deserve. and earned have they that benefits the provide to today States United the in living veterans brave million 22 over the to it owe We speculators. wealthy of handful a just not Americans, all for work banking make to time It’s enough. is Enough $15/hour. to wage minimum the raise must We poverty. dire in live not should week a hours 40 works who person a that idea radical a not It's teachers. school public 425,000 than income more earned managers fund hedge 25 top the year, last that, unacceptable It's taxes lower to overseas moving from Pfizer stop to Treasury on calls Sanders @renaemerle: RT cuts. more demand they year every but low 60-year a at are taxes Corporate top: on few the guides Greed war. to send they women and men the of rehabilitation the for support meaningful provide to obligation moral a has government federal The funding. Grant Pell cut to demands right-wing to in give to afford cannot we force, labor educated an on depends future country's our When list. that join cannot GMOs reason practical no is there ingredients, 3,000 than more of labeling requires already States United the When need. us of rest the programs to spending cut and themselves for breaks tax get to elections our buy wealthy the when warfare class is It college. through childcare from world the in system educational best the have must we economy, global a in prosper to are we If sense. economic basic is wage minimum the Raising people. other by made products buy to money enough have don't people if jobs grow can't We percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost own now the in families 16,000 richest the that unacceptable It's there. and here both people working for lose-lose a was It NAFTA. after years 10 the in jobs million lost sector agricultural Mexico's punishment. capital abolish must We that. of part be should itself government that believe don't just I violence, much so of world a In break. tax another need don't they say to warfare class not is It years. 30 last the in immensely rise incomes their seen have wealthy The planet the save to system energy our transforming on focus Let's fine. doing They're companies. fuel fossil of profits the about worry Don't contract. fair a deserve possible that made who workers The years. 3 in profit in billion $39 made Verizon Medicaid. and Medicare Security, Social to cuts want not do they saying are who Americans of majority the to listening begin must Congress top. on those to went profits and down gone have benefits and wages their productive, more become have workers as that acceptable not is It families. income middle and low by out taken loans student off profits in billions making government of policy regressive the end should We combined. nations nine next the than military our on more spend we right, a as care health guaranteeing are nations other While assistance. necessary any offer to allies European our with stand and Brussels of people the to condolences deepest our offer We people. one as together stand we when nation, stronger a nation, greater a becomes America us. dividing in successful be will one No Wheels. on Meals support and expand Let’s hospital. the in day one of cost the for year entire an for senior a feed can We religion. a fighting not are We people. innocent killing is that organization barbaric a organization, terrorist a fighting are We Americans. most of needs the represent doesn't that wing right a and interests corporate powerful by set been has Congress long, too far For Constitution. the undermining without that do can you but terrorism, from people American the protecting in vigorous be must government The happen. to that allow cannot We country. our in people vulnerable most the attacking about not is America you. to up be should decisions control birth your do, you what or work you where matter No away. that take to able be shouldn't Bosses for. work they whom matter no control, birth to access women guaranteed ACA The ET. 6PM at Live TYT. on Sanders Bernie tonight: interview people's The @cenkuygur: RT https://t… staffer. @SenSanders a with transparency price drug prescription on working is committee care health VT @aprilburbank: RT want. Americans most what with touch of out way it's but clubs, country in popular be may corporations big and rich the for breaks tax New planet. our save to action bold for time the is Now moral. It's issue. political a not ultimately is change Climate activity. violent in involved never were who people many of lives the destroyed has which drugs, on war the about concerns real have I democracy. our protect to is face we task political major the increases, oligarchy of threat the As government. the control and own to want now They enough. not is economy our controlling and owning 1%, top the in many for Apparently nation our for tragedy a be will It individuals. those for tragedy a just isn't cost to due college to going from people young discourage To contributions." campaign for powerful and rich the begging without office for run can "You people: young tell should country Our #… transparent. more prices drug prescription making on in testified @SenSanders to aide An @erin_vt: RT reform. finance campaign with do to has That wider. grows poor the and rich the between gap the and soar salaries their seeing are CEOs ground. the in it keep must We clear. is evidence The today. persist consequences the and billion $7 to up cost spill oil Valdez Exxon The interests. money big by controlled and owned is large and by system political Our contributors. campaign their about less and future children's their about more worry to is Congress in deniers change climate for advice My $250,000. to tax payroll income the lifting by Security Social into share fair their pay to Americans wealthiest the ask must We elections. buy to able be shouldn't and vote a get don't They people. not are corporations America, in else everyone and me, and you Between bidder. highest the to sale for be, never must and not, are elections our clear: this make to need we survive, to is democracy our If more. for drill not oil, from away move to Time risk. the worth not is and claim advocates its goals the achieve not does drilling Offshore incomprehensible. is That profits. short-term for planet the destroy to willing are companies fuel Fossil export. one number our are jobs, not products, American that so laws policy trade our rewrite fundamentally to got have We ever. not now, Not drilling. offshore new no be must there that now by learn to disasters environmental enough had We've Americans. everyday with step of out profoundly are views whose class billionaire a by set be agenda Congress' let to continue cannot We identity. gender and orientation sexual on based discrimination end to all, for and once time, the is Now bonuses. and bailout a got economy our crashed who bankers yet debt, insurmountable with hit gets hard studies who student A wages. lower for hours longer working still are today Americas of millions productivity, in increases and technology in advances Despite infrastructure. transportation our in investment our increase must we economy, global the in compete to hope we if is, line bottom The trillion. $1 astronomical an to doubled has country this in billionaires 400 top the of worth net the decade past the over that absurd It's bigotry. end and together stand people American the that important is It combined. world the of rest the as much as almost spends which budget military bloated a maintain must States United the reason no is There taxes. federal in nothing to next pay to corporations enable which exist, currently that loopholes corporate the with away do must We gambling. casino-style on economy our risk not should We business. does Street Wall way the change fundamentally to need We energy. renewable and efficiency energy on focus must America economy, our improving and planet the protecting about serious are we If altered? genetically been has eat they food the if know don't Americans world, industrialized the in people most unlike that it is Why college. to go to able be will they school in well do they if yes, that know to money of lot a have don't who families from kids want I war. that in injured were who people those of care taking is war of cost The war. of cost a are that guns and tanks planes, just not It’s coverage. universal provide that nations other as capita per care health for much as twice pay to us for sense economic much make doesn't It income. disposable lack families working and disappearing is class middle the when sustainable or vibrant become cannot economy Our US. in more times 4 costs which drug cancer prostate a of cost the lower to in step to NIH &amp; HHS urges Sanders NEWS: prices. drug prescription high outrageously lower to available tool every use should government States United The end. must prices unconscionable charging of era the that notice on industry drug the put and profiteering blatant this stop must We ideas. of flow free the for and businesses small for country, our for disaster a be would neutrality net Ending cost drug cancer prostate lower to agencies health want lawmakers @ReutersPolitics: RT billionaires. the for and billionaires the by billionaires, the of government a have we where oligarchy an toward moving are We them. of one not is Fracking change. climate to solutions energy clean have We ground. the in fuels fossil keep to commit must We fuels. fossil on dependence our break and emissions carbon cut significantly must We voice. a people working give will who justice a confirm must We union. a form to harder, not easier, it make must We movement. union trade the to part large in thanks won workers benefits the of few a just are Medicare and wage minimum the Security, Social wealthy. the from money most the hustle can who not ideas, best the has who by determined be should elections that dictates sense Common family. every to promise that keep must We college. to go kids their see they'd parents as hard worked they if that was dream parents' My powerful. the protect to elections buy could billionaires so vote to right our for died and fought women and men that believe not do I them. among not is breaks tax rich the giving while vulnerable the benefit that programs cutting but deficits reduce to ways fair are There record. on increase single-year largest its saw men among gap wage the 2015 In Act. Rights Voting the restore to time It's vote. to poor the and minorities for harder it making are America across legislatures Republican engagement. military to resorting before solutions diplomatic pursue to obligation moral the has Sates United the that belief firm my is It profits of out cut are and wages lower for hours longer working still are workers soared, has America in productivity while that absurd It's deductibles. and copayments high needlessly by burdened being families of injustice the end will system care health single-payer a to Moving contributors. campaign major and class billionaire the to respond just not and want, people American the what to listen must Congress end. must This education. higher a afford to unable are people young qualified and bright of thousands of hundred that disgrace a It's pay. longer no will crime that message clear a send and industry pharmaceutical the to up stand must We disaster. financial from away accident car or diagnosis one are country richest world’s the in people of millions that unconscionable is It online. get families working of millions help and Lifeline expand to @FCC the urge I luxury. a not necessity, a is access Broadband health. women's with politics play to Republicans for dangerous and shameful It's values. democratic its losing country their see and around look they as angry be to right a have people American the think I change. climate combat to action bold demand and interests fuel fossil to up stand must We waste. to time no There's need. they medication the afford can't who millions of lives the for fighting means hikes price senseless over lobby drug the Challenging America. in impossible are healthcare- universal college, affordable instituted- have nations other many programs that accept not should We union. a form to right Constitutional their exercise to workers empower to need we class, middle crumbling the rebuild to going are we If sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have should Earth, on country richest the in people all of least one, No country. this in municipality every like debt its restructure to authority the Rico Puerto give to immediately act must Congress planet. our protecting to vital is which Plan Power Clean the dismantle to industry fuel fossil the allow cannot We it. receive aid housing for qualify that families of 25% only earth, on nation richest the in that unacceptable It's billionaires. some than rate tax higher a pay firemen and teachers nurses, as such Americans everyday that outrageous It's wage. minimum the suspending and teachers more firing schools, more closing by improved be not will crisis economic Rico's Puerto benefits. cut, not expand, to need we why That's poverty. of out seniors of millions of tens kept has Security Social years, 81 past the For contributors? campaign billionaire the of those or interests our for stand you Do Congress: ask must people American The Americans. many so for sentence death a is poverty today country our in that grotesque morally It's answer. the not is fracking simply, Put water. our poisons and risks earthquake increases crisis, climate the to contributes Fracking that. change will and can We ignorance. and fear people's manipulate to been has politics in success to route surefire the decades, For system. energy our transform to funds with up come to hard be not would it banks, respects it as much as planet our respected Congress If leave. family paid provide to not nation industrialized only the being of embarrassment international the end to needs States United The poor. the helps misery and hunger increasing that years for us told which reform," "welfare of cruelty the with terms to come yet haven't We CEOs. corporate benefit to CEOs corporate by written They're about. all are agreements trade disastrous our what understands Everyone increasing. is poverty and collapsing is class middle the well phenomenally doing are corporations wealthy while that unacceptable It's back. fight must We brothers. Koch the like billionaires right-wing by hijacked be to nation great our allow cannot We fuels. fossil from away system energy our transforming by jobs paying good of millions create to ability the has States United The less. not government, in compassion more need We need. in those to assistance provide to government federal the for harmful or bad not is It powerful. and wealthy the just not and people our of all represent to is Congress States United the of function The Enough. is Enough Finds. GAO Benefits, Security Social Earned on Out Losing and Young Dying are Americans Low-Income NEWS: Security. Social cut, not expand, to need we savings, retirement no have workers older of half over When deserve. they dignity and earned they’ve benefits the with retire to able be should American Every sentence. death a be not should Poverty @CBSNews for story my -- them for off paying isn't Security Social earlier, die poor the As @aimeepicchi: RT share. fair their pay must They overseas. jobs move that companies to breaks tax provide to continue cannot States United The system. political our in equality for victory a is ruling Today's vote. one person, one about is democracy American https://t.… . of nature progressive eroding are poor &amp; rich America’s btwn expectancy life in disparities Growing @NCPSSM: RT tax. carbon a implement must States United the emissions, gas greenhouse of reduction the in leader global a be to order In https://t… @SenSanders Wrong: . cut to need we so longer living "everyone's" say Elites @SSWorks: RT Security. Social strengthen can we cap the lifting By $118,500. making person a as Security Social into amount same the pay Millionaires America. for vision bold and radical his out carry to fight must we King Luther Martin Dr. honor truly To families. working not wealthy, very the for works It fraud. a is economics down trickle that overwhelming is evidence the think I shelters. tax offshore through year each taxes in billions avoid to wealthy the allow that loopholes code tax eliminate must Congress them. eliminate to is do to thing, just the and thing, responsible fiscally the and fraud tax legalized but nothing are havens tax Offshore Panamanians. proud they’re taxes, pay to time it’s when but 2008, in money our needed they when pie apple as American as acted banks Big taxes. US evade rich the helped it show, Papers Panama the as because, Agreement Trade Panama the opposed I Dodges Tax Corporate Curb to Rules New Applauds Sanders NEWS: taxes. dodge to system the gaming from companies American profitable block to rules new announced has Treasury the that pleased am I taxes. of share fair your pay also to got You've protections. legal our enjoy to want you when only company domestic a be can’t You 🇵🇦 🔮 👴 Papers Panama the of revelations the predicted Sanders Bernie speech, 2011 a In @qz: RT need. we jobs of millions the create can we so loopholes, tax corporate close to legislation pass must Congress continue. to allowed be not will greed their that notice on corporations profitable put have rules new Treasury’s states. fifty all in wage livable a ensure let’s Now wage. minimum the raising and voters to listening for York New and California applaud I door. revolving Street-Washington Wall the close must we there, get To class. middle the for works that Reserve Federal a deserve Americans wages. starvation than better deserve They people. overworked most world’s the are people American the shows study after Study emissions. gas greenhouse of reduction the and independence energy toward nation our leads that revolution energy an is needs America What action. decisive taking for Obama President applaud I taxes. dodge to attempt transparent a was merger Pfizer’s people. all to care health guarantee not does that nation industrialized only the remains America that wrong fundamentally is It budget. defense our of equivalent the havens, tax in store they cash the on taxes in billion $620 owe would companies largest The voters. their to listening aren’t Congress in Republicans increased. it see to want and wage minimum the like conservatives of majority A taxes. American pay to got also have You people. American the from bailout a want you when only company American an be can you think don't I do. to thing moral the and smart financially It’s year. a costs care health in billions of hundreds us save would system Medicare-for-all A exist. not did Medicaid and Security Social because themselves for fend to had poor the and elderly the days the to back go cannot We better. deserve people American The citizens. everyday over Street Wall benefits that system political a and economy an tolerate not must We enough. is Enough GDP. our of percent 60 nearly to equivalent are that assets have US the in banks largest six the that ridiculous It's today. pass Act Americans Older the the see to Pleased vulnerable. most its for cares it how by judged is nation A 1968. since 30% by fallen has which of value real the wage, minimum federal the raise and states the follow to Congress on is onus The off. laid just they folks to products their sell then and nations low-wage to move to businesses enabling be not should policies trade Our percent. 1 the for and percent 1 the by percent, 1 the of is that government a have we that demonstrated Street Wall on crisis financial The share. fair their pay must They history. recent in time other any at than Security Social to less contribute Americans wealthiest the Today, jobs. paying good creates that economy productive the of part is that system banking a have to States United the for idea radical a not It's jobs. outsourcing while bailout our taking not America, in investing means company a Being CEO: GE's to memo My states. 50 all to $15 for fight the bring let’s Now wage. minimum the raising and voters to listening for York New and California applaud I dignity. and decency of lives live to entitled are Americans all that conviction the to dedicated been has career political entire My money. big by corrupted totally been has system political American The can: I as blunt as be me Let end. must This profits. enormous reaping while impunity with planet our destroy to industry fuel fossil the allow continually cannot We consumers American for rates interest better and industry services financial the within competition more to lead will banks smaller Creating day. every choice that make to have millions yet and food, their and medicine their between choose to have ever should in America in one No levels. unimaginable and obscene reached has inequality wealth and income of level the richer, much become rich the as that outrageous It’s crisis. change climate the of severity the acknowledging by country the of rest the and community scientific the with up catch must Congress Depression. Great the since downturn economic worst the into US the plunged Street Wall on behavior reckless the that forget never us Let orientation sexual or gender their on not add I'd And skin. their of color the on not character, their on people judge You us: told King Dr. again. ever Americans everyday of livelihood the destroy never can Street Wall of recklessness and greed the that ensure must Congress tax. carbon a of form the in communities our on effects their and fuels fossil price to idea radical a not It's Americans. for loans affordable ensuring rather but possible as profits much as making about be not should banking of function the believe I day. every Americans of millions to security and dignity provides program the since especially granted for Security Social take not must We energy. solar in invest should we then way cost-effective a in independence energy toward moving about serious is States United the If today. it do can't we hell the why know don't I ago, years 50 free tuition be could college If it. do to going ain't same-old same-old, the that serious so are country this facing problems The politics. establishment for late too is It crisis. into economy world the send would failure its that extensive so holdings have should institution financial single no is line Bottom end. must that fraud tax legalized of form a It’s refine. or reform to need we that something isn’t network haven tax offshore The sense. makes that that thinks Nobody people. up locking year a billion $80 spending We're values. democratic our and security economic our both endanger banks Big elections. buy to enough big also is fail to big too that's bank A quickly. very fire catches it idea, an of justice the see people when But radical. too was hour an $15 ago, years 5 idea. radical a not is pay Equal job. same the for men to compared year per less $10,000 make women average on that absurd It's work. equal for pay equal be should there America, In fairness. basic of issue an It's issue. partisan a not is equity Pay discrimination. and sexism but nothing is That 55%. it's women, Hispanic For makes. man white a what of 60% make women Black accountable. held be must they law the breaks officer police a if official, public other any Like story. of End address. to technology and knowledge the have we that crisis planetary a is it and hoax, a not real, is change Climate work. same the perform who men to compared dollar the on cents 79 earn women that unconscionable It's elections. of funding public and reform finance campaign on focus must we oligarchy, an into democracy our turning from billionaires keep To discrimination. gender without dreams their fulfill to possibility the has the in everyone that ensure to together work must We Finds GAO Taxes, Income Federal Zero Pay Corporations Profitable Many NEWS: taxes. income federal in nothing pay corporations profitable major that absurd it's debt national trillion $19 a has country this When share. fair their pay must They hungry. go America in children when breaks tax more get to continue cannot corporations Large oligarchy. political and economic into slide we do or class billionaire the on take to prepared are we whether is time our of question The benefits. health and wages fair employees its give to afford can it million, $20 CEO their pay to afford can Verizon If greed. corporate to end an put must We makes. worker typical the what times 300 nearly making are CEOs that fact the accept not must US The up. broken be must powerful that Institutions laws. regulation bank our of some written literally they've powerful so are lobbyists bank Big taxes. of share fair their paying start to well phenomenally doing are who corporations wealthy large, ask to idea radical a not It's country. our in democracy of future the about much very very, worry I but this, say I when comfortable aren't people that know I place. takes change when that's wage, minimum the raising or rights gay it's whether level, grassroots the at organize you When Pope? the or Sanders Bernie it: said Who @CNNJustin: RT … war. drug the end to UN urging others 1,000+ joining for @SenSanders @CoryBooker @SenWarren thanks BIG @DrugPolicyOrg: RT overseas. hide corporations let we revenue tax potential of amount the 1/120th costs plan jobs youth billion $5 "radical" My money. for them to go that politicians the own they and process, political the own increasingly class billionaire and class millionaire The them. for it end will we greed, their end not do they if that Street Wall tell to time It’s idea. radical a not equality basic of issue an is pay Equal right. they're And dollar. damn whole the want America in Women share. fair their pay must They 2014. to 2008 between taxes in nothing paid America in corporations large of one-fifth that outrageous It's hour. an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum federal the raise to got have We poverty. in live to deserves worker full-time No http… → countries poor costs it what Here's . in TRILLION $ stash companies US 50 Top @OxfamAmerica: RT free. scot off get Street Wall on crooks the but arrested gets marijuana smokes who kid the that outrageous is It too. taxes of share fair their pay can they then people, American the from bailout a need they when American be can corporations If Francis Pope by speech a annotated I Sanders: Bernie @washingtonpost: RT humanity. of half nearly That's people. billion as wealth same the have individuals 62 just that alarming It's check. bailout a for Congress to go to get don't they banks big unlike and accounts savings their in $1,000 than less have Americans of 62% https:… policy drug global of overhaul for call in celebrities leaders, world joins Sanders Bernie @TheWorldPost: RT decades. for them burden will that debts heavy with college leave undergraduates of percent 70 that disgrace national a It's wealth. of accumulation the just than more about be should lives our that is saying I'm and saying is pope the What end. must This year. each billion $111 approximately the costs corporations multinational of dodging tax the that disgrace a It's breaks. tax in billion $337 get To officials? elected lobbying billion $ spend companies largest 50 the did Why one. moral a mostly is challenge Our financial. even or technological mainly not are planet our facing challenges The about. be should life human what not That’s poorer. others and richer themselves make that policies pushing billionaires see I time, the All return. in anything expecting aren't they suggest to naive be would It year. every lobbying on million $20 over spent banks biggest The dignity. with retire to able be will they how idea no and savings in $10,000 than less have Americans of half nearly that appalling It's leave. sick and family medical, paid guaranteed through life decent a at chance a have should States United the in person working Every change. must That richer. got rich the while stagnated have wages their decades for because angry is America in class middle The billion. bottom the than wealth more own world the in folks richest 62 the when wrong massively something is There share. fair their pay must everyone society, democratic a In lobbyists. with rate tax own their buy to able be not should Corporations education. an get can American every so free tuition college making by start can We again? reality a dream American the make we do How energy. renewable to gas and coal oil, from away system energy our transforming by change climate fight and jobs of million create can We year. per billion $100 us cost that havens tax offshore of outrage blatant the end should we Security, Social to cuts demand we before Maybe loopholes tax corporate closing by infrastructure our rebuild to jobs of millions create to needed revenue necessary the create can The rich. the to poor and class middle the from wealth of transfer enormous an been there’s years 40 for that is reality The apart. them tear not families, unify that policies immigration humane for strive must we immigrants, by built nation a As shoulders? parents' off is that load of kind what know you Do doctor. the to them take can you that know should you sick, gets kid your When jobs. good-paying create but environment the protect only not will fuels fossil from away system energy our Transforming democracy. our over power unprecedented people ultra-wealthy few a given has United Citizens donations. PAC super of 41% give people 50 Just 1%. top the for and by operated economy an with us left have Reaganomics and deregulation good, common the at aimed economy an than Rather off us ripping are companies drug Big medication. existing on hikes price to part large in due was year last spending drug in rise The billionaires. wealthy just not Americans, day every of lives the improving are politicians which in one be should democracy for vision Our . fuels. fossil from away system energy our move to boldly act we that vital absolutely is It incarceration. and jails more not education, and jobs in invest to have we that understood we time high is It IRS. the from refund million $604 received but year, last taxes income federal in nothing paid Stanley Morgan that ludicrous It's hungry. go should senior no nation, rich this In today. law into Act Americans Older the of extension an signed president the pleased I’m make. can corporation a that investment profitable most the be not should lobbyists on dollars of millions spending democracy, a In donors. big for disregarded are interests whose person working each on effects real has It debate. arcane an isn't finance Campaign privilege. a not right, a as people all to care health guarantee and country industrialized major other every join to got has US The fundraising. time their half spend to need longer no will members whose Congress efficient more a create we finance, campaign reform we When loans. auto on than higher times three to two are loans student on rates interest that unfair grossly It's leave family paid guarantee must We value. family a not is born is kid their after days work to back go to baby newborn a of parents Forcing end. must This survive. to benefits care health some and income enough together cobble to just jobs three or two work people insane It's States? United the in required not it is why world, the around countries 64 in required is food modified genetically labeling When it. do can we then it, does country major every if Scandinavia, if Germany, If care? health universal have can't we only that it is Why 1%. top the to class middle the from transferred got trillion $1 as "radical" redistribution wealth calling Congress in folks hear didn't I win. they fight, and up stand people American the When it. demand people of millions when happens always Change prosperity. economic nation's our in investment an is education higher a achieve to students qualified all allowing that recognize must We change. that for fight us of millions unless America change to going aren't we that quo status the in invested so are donors powerful Big, $ of wages starvation make workers while years 36 over 1000% by increase salaries their see can CEOs that me to sense no makes It debt. financial crushing without school leave and college to go can income, of regardless country, this in kid every certain make to need We country this in jobs union of number the increase must we class, middle the rebuilding and inequality income reducing about serious we're If year. last raise 368% a received CEO its employees, its for wage minimum hour an $15 an opposed has McDonald's while that insane It's wages. lower for hours longer worker still are Americans history, human in economy advanced technologically most the in living Despite education? an getting for debt insurmountable with them saddling by families middle-class and poor from kids sending we are message What again. so do can we and -- unimaginable once was that progress made we've America in but easily, comes never Change fuels. fossil of use our to end an put must We grandchildren. our and kids our for planet habitable a leave to obligation moral the have We died. people of thousands of hundreds and Iraq invaded we lies of series a on based that is Radical radical. isn't platform My yesterday. it do to have We system. energy our transform to way bold a in move to got We've crisis. global a is change Climate right. a as care health guarantee doesn't that country major only the in living are You radical: is that something know to want You government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does view, my in speech, of Freedom vote. to registered automatically is age voting of is who anyone that ensuring by turnout increase and suppression voter combat can We it. demand people of millions when place taken always has change Real McConnell. Mitch with down sitting by place take not does change Real share. fair their paying begin to have they that corporations large and wealthy the to says which reform tax for overdue long is time The job. another get to needs and coward political a is vote the suppress to laws passes who politician Any success. your determine should wealth family's your that people young to message terrible the sends college of cost rising The living. of standard decent a have to States United the in child and woman man, every for idea radical a not is It left. class middle a be won't there soon class, billionaire the by on stepped getting that's class middle the for up stands Congress Unless nation. great a be to need we economy the not it's And moral. not is It unsustainable. is It economy. rigged a have we is, truth The cities. inner the rebuild to money enough never there’s somehow But billionaires. for breaks tax for and war for money always There’s hour. an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum the raise must We simple. It's poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who Nobody Period. drivers. truck or nurses than rate tax effective lower a pay millions make who managers fund hedge that acceptable not is It check-up. a afford couldn't they because room emergency an in up end not should They cost. about worry to have shouldn't sick get who People prices. higher and options fewer to lead will merger This access. internet and cable affordable deserve Americans corrupt. respects, many in but unfair, grossly only isn't which America in system political a reform must we that means socialism Democratic dignity. with retire to unable are they when free truly not are People family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are People interests. special powerful just not us, of all for works that government a create must We people. those by shaped is worldview their Inevitably donations. for ask to folks wealthy calling is day after day job politicians' Many America. in folks many for reality a longer no is dream That college. to kids their send to able were but money much had never parents My people. billion as wealth much as own people 60 wealthiest the when economy global our with wrong fundamentally is Something system. finance campaign our reform to necessary is it that belief the in united are conservatives and progressives that show clearly Polls percent. 1 the just not and us of all to belongs government States United the that forget never must We discrimination. gender to end an put must We advancement. to barriers face still women that agree millennials of 59% see to saddening It's all. for affordable is education higher ensure must we ago years 50 was degree school high a what to equivalent is degree college a that Now Americans. wealthiest the benefit to Street Wall by rigged been has that system political a and economy an tolerate longer no must We greed. corporate is answer The by? get to just jobs three to two working are people world, the in country wealthiest the in that it is Why percent. 99 bottom the than wealth more owns percent 1 top the when system economic our about unsustainable and immoral something is There families. wealthy of number small a by not and one-vote, one-person, by decided truly are elections that so United Citizens overturn must We America in senator popular most the still Sanders: Bernie @MorningConsult: RT be. to have not does That quo. status the change can’t we think to taught are We small. think to taught are we ways, different thousand a In Law Registration Voter Automatic New Vermont’s on Statement Sanders NEWS: process. political the in participate to people for easier it making by nation the leading again once is Vermont that proud I’m investment. good a know they because Congress lobbying millions spend They dumb. not they're but fraudulent be may Street Wall on Bankers agree. millennials of percent 48 and right, a as care health provide to States United the for idea radical a not It's concerns. your to listen representatives elected your whether or doctor, a see or college to go can you whether determine not should Income breaks. tax 1% the giving and wars 2 for pay to forgetting by caused themselves they deficit a for poor the blame to GOP the for cruel It's registration. voter automatic need We lowest. the of one not world the in turnouts voter highest the of one have America see to want I people. all of right a is care health Yes, it: repeat to me allow so point, this for criticized been I’ve cuts. Security Social with start must reduction deficit say to secretaries their than rates tax lower with billionaires for disgraceful It's leave. medical and family paid guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the with up catch to States United the for time It's contributions. for billionaires beg to have should candidate no progressive, or conservative you're whether care don't I change. must and unacceptable is that 2016 year the in America, In water. clean with struggling communities are there country this over All global. the across and America in both time our of issue moral and political economic, greatest the is inequality income and Wealth site: collection a Find today. medication expired or unused your in Turn abuse. drug prescription prevent Help Brothers.” Koch the by “Sponsored saying: clothing their on patches NASCAR-style have Congress of members when day a for headed We're percent's. 1 top the as rate same the at grew incomes regular if year a $156,000 make would household average The economy: rigged a is This tax. carbon a implementing by change climate combat and States United the in emissions gas greenhouse reduce substantially can We them. wrote who lobbyists corporate was it because knew They them. passed they when about were deals trade free what knew Congress war. that into off going kids his be to going not is it that understand is, he tough how world the telling politician some hear you When too. government the own to want they economy, the own to enough not It's greed. is religion Their religious. very is class billionaire The wage. living a workers your pay welfare, off Get Walmart: of family Walton the to say I Congress. in henhouse the guard foxes Truly, industry. their affecting bills the write lobbyists often how realize people most think don't I all. for affordable be must education, higher to care child from America, in education quality that belief firm my It's day. a $5 making workers with competition in workers American put that deals trade of effect the predict to economics an need don't You population. our of half - Americans million 120 bottom the than wealth more owning people 20 about be to supposed not is America country. our in equity pay need we earns, man a dollar every for cents 79 earn workers women when time a At money. of lack a of because work to back forced be should parent new No about. is values family real what is This accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there Asian, and Latino white, black, straight, and gay women, and men together, stand we If China. or Mexico in just not America, in products those making start to got have they products, their buy to us wants America corporate If democracy. American undermining system finance campaign corrupt a got we've is truth The hour. an $15 to wage starvation a from wage minimum the raising by Americans million 53 least at of wages the increase to need We elections. funded publicly to move to be must goal ultimate our opportunity, the has office for run to wants who anyone ensure To system. criminal-justice broken our of indictment clear a is behavior illegal their for Street Wall on crooks the prosecute to failure The companies. drug by hikes price opportunistic to stop a put must We years. five last the in doubled has drugs name-brand of price The … teachers Country North his thanks @SenSanders, for director state Fiermonte, Phil @VTEducation: RT money away giving like they because 2014 in donations campaign and lobbying on million $800 spent Street Wall think to as naive so is one No end. to got has This debt. student with burdened Americans million 43 over with country this in proportions crisis reached has debt Student years. 2 just in dollars billion $157 over by increase worth net their saw country the in individuals wealthiest 14 the that outrageous It's priority. top our be should leave medical and family paid guaranteed values, family to dedication its on itself prides that nation a As companies. fuel fossil to breaks tax in billions giving continue to inappropriate completely is it face, we crisis planetary the Considering interests. special powerful on take to prepared are and people American the with stand they clear it making by success find will Democrats Congress. of true is same the why explaining in way long a goes Americans most with step of out wildly are views billionaires' that fact The jobs. outsource to trying corporations multinational not it, oppose who groups environmental and unions of side the take must we TPP, the On leave. maternity paid provide not does that Guinea New Papua besides country only the being about be not should exceptionalism American obstacle. an tuition making without person every of capacities intellectual the tap must we country, this facing crises the confront To line. poverty the below living currently are kids of 21% and Americans million 47 nearly that unacceptable It's years. 82 it's away hours 6 Just years. 64 just is men for expectancy life the Virginia, West County, McDowell In away. goes it hope and rug the under sweep cannot we that issue an is This poverty. of result a as year every die people 130,000 disgrace. a is That Korea. North in dictatorship under living people than shorter lifespans have boroughs poorest Baltimore’s of Residents injustice. an but tragedy a merely isn't it Bank, West the than mortality infant higher with neighborhoods have nation, richest the we, When much. have already who few the to goes it of all if much worth isn't growth of sake the for Growth people. the serve should Wealth people. vulnerable most our and poor the for care take we how is progress our of test the that said he when right absolutely was FDR win. they us, divide they If win. we Security, Social to right the for education, for wages, decent for fight we if knows class ruling The address. must we issue an is This table. the on food enough put to struggle that families in living are today America in children million 15 economy. energy clean a toward shift we as jobs new find industry fuel fossil the in families working help to responsibility moral a have We subsides. in them give we year a billion $20 the need don’t They planet. our destroying of off wealthy enormously got companies fuel Fossil the in jobs good-paying of millions create can we solar, and wind as such energies clean toward fuels fossil from away transitioning By failed. have policies trade free unfettered our that understand to economics in PhD a have to have not do You earth. on hours longest the of some work to continue Americans years, 100 last the over productivity in increases huge Despite today. America in income new the of all of percent 58 earn to percent 1 top the allow not does that economy an need We enough. is Enough nation. our of bedrock a considered widely is it now yet ago, long that all not radical considered once was wage minimum a of idea very The return. in something wants person that campaign, a on dollars of millions spending is someone if know They dumb. not are people American The trend. that reverse to threatens politics in Money democracy. inclusive more a towards moved steadily but slowly nation our centuries, For heroin. beside classified be to deserves marijuana that believes sincerely one No marijuana. on ban federal the lift to time is It rich. the to give to poor the from take to want they reverse: in philosophy Hood Robin the is reduction deficit to approach Republican The vision. their safeguard must We vote.” one person, “one protect to sacrifices enormous made country our in women and Men future. the of jobs energy clean the for need they training the receive fuels fossil on dependent been have that communities ensure must We year. each commuters for dollars of thousands save and emissions gas greenhouse our cut boldly would transportation public our in Investing decades. for carry will them of many which burden debt heavy very a with school graduate and college leaving people young accept not must We $250,000. above income taxable on cap the lift must we generations, future for solvent fully be to Security Social want we If penalty. death the maintain that China like countries than democracies European with stand we rather I'd punishment. capital end must We lowered. been have taxes their while richer far grown have country this in people wealthiest the homeless, and hungry are children our While rehab housing for million $3 receives Vermont @bfp_news: RT politicians. sell and buy to corporations major and wealthy very the allows which finance campaign to approach absurd an have We contributors. campaign big-money the to responsive are They Americans. ordinary of needs the to responsive not is Congress the Increasingly system. the rig further to class ruling the for easier much that becomes it suppressed, is minorities and poor the of vote the When generation. every by fought be must that struggle a is It year. a or day, a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle The combined. teachers kindergarten nation's the all than more made managers hedge 25 top the that disgrace a is It campaigns. their sponsor who billionaires the of employees paid become will Congress the finance, campaign reform we Unless out. them bail to hook the on be again once would people American the tomorrow, again collapsed banks big the if is, matter the of truth The drilling. offshore all ban to time it's Now Arctic. the of out Oil Big get helped who activists the of Proud values. democratic our to threat a but security, economic our to threat a only not inequality income made has system finance corrupt A income. their of regardless need, they services care health the to access have should Americans All privilege. a not right, a is care Health unacceptable. is That havens. tax offshore in cash their stash corporations large because revenue in year a billion $100 over lose We veterans. our for accessible more benefits making against vote who ones the often are wars new for advocate who people same the Shamefully, top. on few the just not people, our of all benefit to needs growth economic that belief the is socialism Democratic richer. grew Street Wall while it for pay to had they but recession, the cause not did they understand they angry: be to right are People old. the and sick the protect to money enough have don't we say now and breaks tax population the of portion wealthiest the gave Republicans today. America in do they as little so have many so and much so have few so when economically or politically survive cannot nation A elected. gets who determine people wealthy very of handful a which in system political a toward moving rapidly We're honest. be Let’s Americans. of 43% than wealth more owns family One like: looks inequality what is This fracking. all ban must we change climate combatting about serious we're if but step, good a is leaks methane Curbing Reagan. Ronald socialist" "radical under paid they what today taxes in paid corporations if colleges public tuition-free fund fully could We deserve. they benefits the of all and care the of all receives veteran last very the until continue will that battle a is war of cost The … Fed: the diversify to Yellen asking lawmakers among are @SenWarren and .@SenSanders @ReutersBiz: RT it. expand to going are We Parenthood. Planned defund and attack viciously to right-wing extreme the allow to going not are We holiday: national a Day Election make to legislation introduced I why That's @POTUS. agree I 1993. DC for advocated Bernie when to medication. affordable include must That right. human a is care health to Access $750! costs drug cancer lifesaving a of pill one Just savings. retirement no have workers older our of half than more world, the of history the in country wealthiest the as that absurd It's dignity. with retire to everyone enable to funding increase must we skyrocketing, is seniors of number the When real. is change climate that clear and loud us telling is that community scientific the to listening start to Republicans for time high It's Americans. million 130 bottom the by owned is what than more by increased Americans 15 of wealth the years, 2 last the in that absurd It's . must we communities coastal our protect To drilling. offshore safe as thing such no There's States. United the in exist to used it fact, In idea. radical a not is free tuition university or college public a to go to right The area. wealthiest the in born person a than less years 20 live to expect can neighborhood poorest Baltimore's in born someone Horribly, body. your on havoc wreaks rent, pay or food afford can you if how knowing not of stress the paycheck, to paycheck living of physiology The jobs. new of millions create also would it efficient, and productive more country our make only not would investment Infrastructure free. tuition universities and colleges public make must we why That's cost. to due college attending from deterred feel should one No now. right moment a such in are we believe I unacceptable. is quo status the say to together come people when country this in happens Change planet. the than important more not are profits short-term their them tell and industry fuel fossil the to up stand to guts the have must We wage. minimum the raising against lobbying millions spend to much so have who executives bank big for obscene It's quo status the change cannot we you tells who anyone believe Don't up. bottom the from comes it down, top the from place takes never Change American. average the failing grotesquely is that system political a of symptom one just is corporations large very the for breaks tax More powerful. very on take necessary, when and, poor the with stand to courage the have we imperative is it society, moral a be to striving In apart. them tear not families, unite that policies immigration enact to need we immigrants, hardworking by built nation a As them. cut not benefits, expand must we income, their of all almost for Security Social on depend America in seniors of one-third When world. the maybe and nation a city, a transform can that politics a forge can they system, rigged a against together stand folks When changes. fundamental make to strive must We system. finance campaign corrupt a and economy rigged a has that today country a in live We rule. the is It rule. the to exception the not is It Street. Wall on model business the is Fraud consequences. dangerous and unintended often are there that see you change, regime in involvement American of history the at look you If health. and mind your on takes survival for fighting toll the including like, is poverty what understand money have who people sure not I'm end. must greed companies' Drug drugs. heart lifesaving on rebates 10-40% for praised be shouldn't Valeant 200% over prices raising After harder. even fight to us inspires made already have we changes the of recognition And odds. overwhelming of face the in even comes, Change recession. the after whites for was it than today higher is graduates black for unemployment that tragedy a It's Rico. Puerto in Americans million the help can it Street, Wall out bail could Reserve Federal the If prescription. a or check-up a afford couldn't they because America of States United the in dying be not should People it. maintain to children our to and them to it owe We vision. democratic our maintain to died and struggled have people many Too Virus Zika Combat to Funding Emergency Supports Sanders NEWS: nightmare. a become has dream American the many, For fallen. has living of standard our yet overworked most the of some are workers American else. everyone on impact an has everyone is about is life human what believe I but vulnerable, the on backs our turn to easy seem can It day. each survive to struggle many so while millennia for families their support to wealth enough have few small a when justice no is There deserve. they pay the got Americans working hard time It’s families. of millions help will pay overtime Extending workers. of millions for news good and direction right the in step a is rules overtime in change overdue long This hurt. you hurt, kids my when And hurt. I hurt, children your when hurt, you when level, some on is, truth The together. this in are We end. to got has gap pay grotesque This worker. average the than more times 335 makes CEO average the that absurd It's backs. their on clothes the just with often Syria fleeing are who refugees the on backs our turn not must We deserve. they benefits the provide to obligation moral a have we veterans, our to owe we debt the repay truly never can we While change? climate of reality the accept Republicans will When planet. our for warmth record of months consecutive 12 $15/hour. of wage living a to wage minimum federal the raise must We it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job a 2016, In energies. clean to fuels fossil from away system energy our transforming by change climate reversing in leader a be can The infrastructure! our rebuild to time It's deficient. structurally as designated been have bridges 600,000 nation's our of percent 10 Nearly oligarchy. It’s democracy. not is billionaires supporting Billionaires healthcare. oral affordable and quality to access have should Everyone teeth. their of all lost have 60+ Americans of 25% America. corporate of much and Street Wall on take to prepared are you unless frankly, needs, country this that changes the make can't One equality. basic about It's discrimination. from protected be must students transgender live, you where or to go you school what matter No Rico Puerto in Board Control A Establish to Legislation to Opposition in Statement Sanders NEWS: unacceptable. is and direction wrong the exactly in move a is Rico Puerto in board control unelected an establish to legislation The children. for austerity more need don’t We crisis. financial Rico Puerto the exacerbated who've managers fund hedge for austerity need We we. can so leave, maternity paid have can country major other every If birth. giving after days work to back forced be should mother No in. living be should we nation the is that think don't I poor. the for caring than rather wealth worships which nation a in living are We elections. and candidates buy to able being billionaires about be should democracy, our not certainly and democracy, No country. our of history the in worst the of one is decision United Citizens the that record will History spread. Zika's stop to efforts fund quickly must We crisis. health public this address to wait to afford cannot We money: is answer The drugs? dangerous of oversight FDA's the weaken to trying Congress is Why @hiltzikm: RT energy. renewable to aggressively move must we change, climate fight To energy. clean on leading is Vermont Proud few. wealthiest the to class middle the from gone it's But America. in wealth of redistribution massive a seen already we've is, truth The government. the not woman, the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The abortions. back-room of days the to return not will We Act Control Substances Toxic on Statement Sanders NEWS: https… McDonalds week next you See poverty! in by scraping barely are we and ever than profitable more is McDs @RaiseUpfor15: RT elections. buy to right" Amendment "First the has corporation no certainly and person No clearly: state to United Citizens overturn must We bribery. legalized to amounts that system finance campaign a today have We ourselves. kid not Let's values. family real supporting start to Republicans for time It's leave. family paid support Americans of 72% $15/hour. to wage minimum the raising by start can We class. middle disappearing the rebuild to urgency of sense fierce a with act must We Americans. young for particularly jobs, decent-paying of lack the is today country this facing crisis serious most The deserve. they benefits the receive they ensure to possible everything do must we why is That line. the on lives their put have veterans Our little. so have many so and much so have few so where distribution income and wealth of imbalance immoral this end to got have We system. political our and economy our to danger grave a is States United the in have we inequality income and wealth of level obscene The apart. them tears that one not together, families brings that policy immigration an need We it. afford can't they because but unqualified, are they because not college, to go not do Americans young many so that disgrace a It's system. voting broken our fix to refused have majority, their preserve to order in Republicans, that embarrassment an is It suppression. voter systematic the with paired process, political the in money unlimited democracy: our on attack two-pronged a facing are We win. we justice, for together stand women and men When win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let work. same the perform who men to compared dollar the on cents 79 earn to women for unconscionable It's equity. pay about bring must We Party? Tea the and Street Wall or Rico Puerto With Stand We Do Democrats: Senate to Sanders capitalists. vulture Street Wall not citizens, million its of interest best the in be must debt Rico's Puerto of restructuring The deserve. they that dignity the with Rico Puerto of citizens American the treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop must We me. around reality the ignoring and dollars of billions and billions making about is life human think don't just I conditions. working improve and loss, job stem companies, stronger create can we ownership employee expanding By accountable. held be must officer that official, public any like law, the breaks officer police a If advantage? competitive a has think you do country Which unaffordable. increasingly it's America, In free. is tuition college Germany, In believe. I what and do I what is That life. entire my for doing been have I that something is lines picket on workers striking with Standing already. countries many in reality It's right. a as insurance health have should American every that say to thinking utopian not is It hazard. health own its become has prescriptions of cost rising The obscenity. an is industry drug the in gouging price of epidemic The dime. our on rich getting oil big of enough had We've companies. fuel fossil for breaks tax special eliminate to want Americans of 62% offshore. profits hiding corporations largest 50 the by left gap revenue the close to year each taxes extra in $760 pays worker average The rent. pay or medicine food, buy to budgets limited their juggle to have seniors of millions day, every that, unacceptable It's Act. Americans Older the support and expand Let’s hospital. the in day one of cost the for year entire an for senior a feed can We suffering. are who people squeeze to allowed be cannot Street Wall poverty. in live Rico Puerto in children of 56% freedom. economic our threaten banks too-big-to-fail realize people American The banks. big the up break to need we agree Americans of 55% economy. strong a create to efforts our to counter-productive is States United the in education higher affordable of lack the view, my In workers. American for disastrous but CEOs, for good very are America corporate by pushed agreements trade is matter the of fact The Street. Wall on gambling not Americans, hardworking and business small to loans affordable providing be should banking of function The system. finance campaign broken A so? done Congress hasn't Why loophole. haven tax offshore the eliminate to want Americans of Two-thirds practice. discredited and dangerous this banned Vermont Proud community. LGBT the against discrimination perpetuates only therapy Conversion win. to them allow to going are we war a not is This clear: very be me let but women, against war a waging is country this in wing right The accident an in being or sick getting is fear biggest their say Americans low-income that system care health broken our of indictment an It's gouging. price to end an put and prices drug negotiate to country major other every almost as authority same the have should government Our college. to go to get will you hard, work you If poor. up growing for punished be not will You clear: be must people young to message Our Security. Social cut not expand to fight must We all. at pension or savings retirement no have retired aren’t who Americans of 33% Nearly people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must does, USA the as goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society A safety. and health people's ensure to ability state's a block doesn't but chemicals toxic of regulation improves that legislation need We funding. the lacks family their because only college to go to unable are people young bright of thousands that comprehension my beyond is It freedom. political and economic our both threatens few a of hands the in wealth of concentration the means system finance campaign broken A industry. fuel fossil the by funded They're Easy. investigations? denial climate stop to try Republicans would Why Investigation Fraud Fuel Fossil Block to Attempt GOP Slam Merkley Warren, Whitehouse, Sanders, NEWS: like. looks leadership Democratic real what is This @climatebrad: RT people. American the to lie to cover them give not accountable, corporations hold must Congress disaster. financial from away illness one be to people of millions for injustice an is because care health Medicare-for-all to move must We economics. bad but immoral only not is It opposed. be must poor the and sick the elderly, the of backs the on budget the Balancing rates. interest rising with loans student of off profiteering not people, young its in investing be should government federal The prescriptions. their fill to afford can’t Americans 5 in 1 year, last million $ in raked CEOs care health and pharma 20 top the While country. this in corporations largest the of CEOs the for just not and people working our for work that agreements trade toward work must We elections. of funding public toward move to need we field, playing even an have candidates where democracy, vibrant a want we If made. we've mess the remedy to billions spend later to only profits quick of interest the in environment our degrade to sense no makes It them. cut not benefits, expand must we why That's history. American in program anti-poverty successful most the been has Security Social free. tuition colleges public make must we view, my In yet! debt of level highest the $37,172, of debt average an has 2016 of class The end. to got has which bigotry a of part are people transgender against attacks The possible. education best the receive to children all of right the and education public quality for support our reaffirm to need We benefits. Security Social expand and preserve must We poverty. in lived seniors America's of half about enacted, was Security Social Before marijuana. smoking for arrested were they because job a denied be to kid 19-year-old a for sense no makes It much. so have few so and little so have many so when failed simply has economy global The headed. we're where that's but parents, their than living of standard lower a have to generation next the for tragedy colossal a be would It them. for pay to forgot and wars two into us took Bush President when caused was debt national our understand people American The about. be to supposed is America what not is survive, to just struggle millions while good, so it had never have millionaires where land A banks. big the up break to time It's executives. Street Wall by mismanagement the for hook the on be again never should Taxpayers drug. that afford cannot it need who people the if good no does drug life-saving A change. climate to contributing it’s And explosive. highly It’s earthquakes. more in resulted It's supply. water our to danger a is Fracking military. our in serve who women and men the on war of cost the forget not us let but are, we tough how about speeches give to easy It's sacrifice. ultimate the paid who those of families the and veterans our to commitment our reaffirm must We them. protect must we Now us. protected They've veterans. of needs the protecting about serious we're if speeches fine beyond go must We poor. and class middle the on taking class ruling the been it's but years, thirty last the for warfare class been there's is fact The America. in leave family paid need We work. from day a take can't they because school to child sick their send to have should parent No sense. common is wage minimum the Raising workers. better become they rent, pay to going are they how about worry to have don't workers When likes. class ruling the “democracy” of kind the is this money-- of amounts huge contributing wealthy the and and voting people Fewer world. the across and here confront must we that issue an is It issue. moral a fact in is inequality wealth and income of issue the think I issue. American an is It issue. conservative a not is It issue. progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The hour. an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum the raise must We poverty. in live should worker full-time No idea: radical a Here's income. their of regardless need they care health the access to able be should America in Everyone privilege. a not right, a is care Health struggle. the That's humans. as to entitled are we rights What nation. a as be can we who redefine to is do to got have we What country. this over all fracking to end an put to need we change, climate combatting about serious are we If income. of regardless all, to provided are education college and care health where Scandinavia from learned be to lot a is there think I wages. lower for hours longer working is worker average the decades, for productivity worker in increase an despite that right not It's economics. and politics our of control total have not should people ultra-wealthy few a that means socialism democratic view, my In speculation. harmful curb would it revenue, new in billions raise only not would Street Wall on fee transaction A policy. economic good also is policy environmental good that realizing means also crisis climate the of magnitude the Understanding way. negative very a in history by and generations future by judged be will we change, climate of crisis planetary the address not do we If regulating. of charge in is Fed the that banks same the from bankers by hand-picked be not should Reserve Federal the at Directors crisis. humanitarian Rican Puerto address to bill Sanders NEW: … - Rico Puerto en infraestructura para millones $10,800 propondrá .@BernieSanders @ElNuevoDia: RT Finds Report New Change, Climate to Due Skyrocket Will Costs Damage Hurricane all. at nothing do to is option expensive most the change, climate addressing to comes it When pensioners protect would that bill debt Rico Puerto offer to Sanders @ReutersPolitics: RT issue. this address must We America. of future the is This poverty. in live country our in children million Today, labor. cheap for China to running and street the on out workers American throwing from corporations prevent to policies trade new need We system. energy clean a to aggressively transitioning by address must we that history in moment pivotal a is change climate of threat The free. tuition colleges public make must We debt. loan student in trillion $ than more in drowning are Americans million 40 Today, … xenophobia on essay outstanding her for office Sanders Senator by recognized is Jarvis Tori @MVULearning: RT @RepCP. by led legislation transparency price drug pass and industry pharmaceutical the of greed the to up stand Vermont see to Pleased end. an to come must It Americans. killing is greed industry's drug The that. do doesn't that nation only the practically are We baby. her with be can mother a so leave maternity paid offers nation every Nearly Board Control Fund to Forced Be Would Rico Puerto Finding Report to Responds Sanders NEWS: insulting. beyond is Republicans right-wing with stacked board control unelected an create to million $370 pay to Ricans Puerto ask To board. control undemocratic and outrageous this for pay not will Rico Puerto and wall, Trump's Donald for pay to going isn't Mexico close. to beginning is oil of era the organizing, climate to Thanks @350action: RT radical. a as me count yes, then country, other any than jail in people more have shouldn't States United the that think to radical it's If should. they than younger much much, ages at dying are who people of millions have we that is about tragically is America in poverty What change. must This 1968. since inflation with up kept haven't wages world, the in workers productive most the of some being Americans Despite energy. clean toward and fuels fossil from away system energy our transforming by change climate reversing in world the lead can The us. defend to line the on lives their put who women and men the to disservice great a and mistake huge a be would VA the Privatizing industry. pharmaceutical the and Street Wall not people, low-income and people working of side the on stand must Party Democratic The poverty. less and jobs, more development, economic more is solution The austerity. more not is crisis debt Rico’s Puerto to solution The leave. family paid and care health get to people working for OK it's maybe subsidies, taxpayer in billions receive can family Walton the If Canada. in north, miles 50 case the is which right, a as care health had they if Vermont in person poor a for different lot a be would Life deserve. they education the and need they education the receive should background, of regardless students, all that belief firm my It's stand. a make to have We world. the in rates highest the people our charge to companies drug the allow longer no can Congress of Members cause. primary the are activities human that and warming is planet our that agree scientists climate of majority vast the is line bottom The debt. student enormous with burdened isn’t that workforce educated an having of benefits the understand that nations the join must The unacceptable. is That jail. in up ending of chance one-in-three a stands system, the change not do we if today, born baby male black A world. the in country other any than jail in people more have we today America in Tragically, incarceration. mass from profit to allowed are corporations if system justice criminal our fix cannot We well-being. economic nation’s our to risk catastrophic cause would failure its that large so be should institution financial single No profits. record-breaking at making are corporations and phenomenally doing are people wealthiest the disappearing, is class middle the While expense. our at profits their pad to system the rig corporations fuels fossil multinational letting stop must We system. justice criminal our in changes major need We country. other any than more today, jail in people million have we US the In combined. Americans of 42% bottom the as wealth much as owns Walmart, of family Walton the family, one when America in wrong is Something sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans elections. buy to able being billionaires with do to anything has speech free believe don't people American the of majority overwhelming The penalty. death the abolish must We contribute. won’t we that clearly say must America world, the over all murder and violence rampant With billionaires." the for and billionaires, the by billionaires, the "Of not people," the for and people, the by people, the "Of said, Lincoln unacceptable. simply is that world, the of history the in nation richest the In summer. this insecure food be will students million 18 location. meals summer a find to 211 call or 877-877 to “mealsvt” Text meal: healthy free a for looking Vermonters sustainability. toward world the lead and jobs meaningful of number significant a create also we efficiency, energy improve we When people. of millions to needs human elementary most the provide even can’t we but world the of history the in nation richest the in live We size. our times four country authoritarian Communist a China, including nation, other any than jail in people more have we that absurd It’s children. your about more and contributions campaign you about less Worry Congress: in deniers change climate for advice My people. American the of agenda the not is agenda billionaire the And agenda. an have they because campaigns on millions spend People end. must raids deportation The apart. them tear not families unite must We oppressed. the for refuge a been always has nation Our use. marijuana of result a as records criminal have they because destroyed lives their seen have country this in Americans many Too income. their of regardless people, with communicating and talking officials elected about be should democracy think I change." to going are we world a is "This say, and torch the up pick people young when place takes Progress right? a as people all to care health guarantee doesn’t that earth on country major only the be to stand States United the can How year. each loans student of off profits in billions makes government federal the that is crisis loan student the of part revolting most The bribery. legalized to amounts and corrupt is system finance campaign political current The worker. average the of expense the at few wealthy the benefit to designed disgrace, a is policy trade and economic our of much Frankly, nationally. registration voter automatic established we time high it's then that, believe we If less. not voting, people more want should We development. economic more is solution The austerity. more not is crisis debt Rico’s Puerto to solution The agree. Americans of 78% United. Citizens overturn to amendment constitutional a pass must we democracy, vote one person, one our restore To people. of millions incarcerate to money taxpayer using of instead crime of causes the with deal us let crime, on tough get to want we If themselves. candidates the than campaigns over influence and money more have PACs super control who billionaires and Millionaires elections. and candidates buy to people wealthy of handful a for democracy our defend to line the on lives their put not have women and Men them. sponsoring is who us tell which jackets NASCAR wear Congress of members have should we Maybe living. of standard decent a and opportunity decent a have country this in child and woman, man, every that demand us Let kids. our for jobs and education into money putting be should we - maybe just - maybe incarceration, more and jails more funding of Instead businesses. small and factories housing, affordable build can we that so America in reinvest to is banks for function best The senators. and scientists engineers, teachers, doctors, future nation’s our are they because today, people young the in invest must We country. this in movement union trade the rebuild must We benefits. in wages in world the led once America why reason the are unions Strong together. stand we if tomorrow mainstream seem will today radical seems What poor. the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism have We subsidies. government massive get regularly corporations profitable Huge, oligarchy. political into slide we do or class, billionaire the of power enormous the on take will we whether is time our of question The change. climate of existence the deny still country this of leaders consensus, scientific overwhelming with even that baffling It’s future. America's for hope the believe, I is, voice their with speak can and them for work can government that people ordinary Reminding potential. true nation's this for out cries and justice social seeks that vision a vision, a maintain progressives that imperative It's everywhere. wage minimum the raise to time It’s poverty. in living be not should time full working People them. have not should who people of hands the into fall not do guns sure make to can we that everything do to got have We go. to else nowhere is There change. climate address to action take must We planet. this of custodians the are We … religion." entire an or people entire an crime-not this committed person hateful "One in speaks @SenSanders @ReneeWPTZ: RT conflict. partisan constant in up caught get to wise and experienced too far are We earth. on nation greatest the is This about. is country this what not is It simple. and pure bigotry, is individual single a of acts the for religion entire an blame To bidder. highest the to democracy our over turn don't we ensure help will decision Today's me. with stuck has which and kid, a as learned I that something is family a on puts money of lack a that pressures and stresses of kind The for. fighting be should we what is that - Justice anymore. politics in about lot a hear we concept a not is justice for fight The taxes. in share fair their paying start wealthy the make to legislation pass to want might we Medicare, and Security Social cut we Before people. kill to purpose: one has that weapon style military a purchase and store a into walk to able be to someone for sense make doesn't It orientation. sexual or religion our skin, our of color the by from, came family our where by us divide to politicians allow not must We up. us divide to hatred let not to and together people our bring to diversity our in pride take to is job Our whole. a as economy the and States, United the across families to harm irreparable causing is debt loan student of level high The them. have shouldn't who people of hands the into fall to guns allow can't We safety. gun sense common demand to @ChrisMurphyCT with stand I people? kill to designed weapons military-style purchase to able be to people for make it does sense What overturned. be must it and history in decisions Court Supreme disastrous most of one the was United Citizens kinds. all of violence prevent to together people bring to us for is it Orlando, in tragedy terrible the to lining silver any is there If banned. outright be should it like weapons Assault check. background a after purchased legally was Orlando in used weapon The long. too for silent been has Congress violence. gun prevent help to action demanding for @ChrisMurphyCT to gratitude of debt a owe We them. have shouldn't who people of hands the into falling from guns Stop Americans. of majority vast the join up, step say I Republicans To religion. entire an or people entire an not Orlando, in atrocity the committed person hateful One become. can we know all we that love on based nation of kind the create and hatred prevent to together come to need We future. America's for hope the believe, I is, voice their with speak can and them for work can government that people ordinary Reminding eating. and heating between choose to forced be not should families income Low all. for care health accessible for need the on act must we rise, the on all diseases chronic and issues health mental obesity, With drugs. outlawed of list government’s federal the of off marijuana take to us for overdue long is time the view, my In crime. of causes root the to get we how about talk to courage the have us let vengeance, and punishment about talking of Instead education. college a get to kids their want not do we that families to saying are we accessible, and affordable more college making not By money. away giving like they because 2014 in donations campaign and lobbying on million $800 spent Street Wall think to as naive so one's No 2016. in States United the in men than - less or - dollar the to cents 79 making be not should women view, my In exceptions. no community, LGBT the in everyone includes That equal. created are men all that says Independence of Declaration The greed. their and class billionaire the on take and together stand to prepared be must we but easy, be won’t It poverty? in families and children of millions the on backs our turn we when values, family and morality about talk politicians can How chase. money the to end an - spending on limit a be must reform finance campaign real any of heart The jobs. good of millions create we infrastructure, our rebuilding and livable inhabit we world the making in itself involves government When wealth. and money serve to have not should people The people. the serve should wealth and Money privilege. a not and right a as people all to care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the join time about It’s citizen. American other every as protections and rights same the guaranteed be must community LGBTQ the of Members investment. good a know they because Congress lobbying millions spend They dumb. not they're but fraudulent, be may Street Wall on Bankers economics. and politics in influence workers' for necessary is conditions working one’s over influence us taught movement union trade The top. on few the just not us, of all for working be should ours of government great This better. get to going not just it’s repairs, in invest don't you if that agree all can We itself. by better get not does Infrastructure program. care health national single-payer, a pass must we Americans, ordinary assisting and representing about sincere are we If little. so have many so and much so have few so when justice no is There issue. American an is It issue. conservative a not is It issue. progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The Friday: by Apply fall? this Sanders Bernie Sen. with internship paid a for Looking no-brainers. are amendments safety gun Democratic these Frankly, safety. gun commonsense oppose would Republicans why to as Americans, of majority vast the to believe I and me, to incomprehensible is It guns. to access have shouldn't ill mentally dangerously the and criminals terrorists, potential terrorists, understand: to hard not It's bodies. own their control to right the have country the throughout women that certain make to fight must We orientation. sexual or religion our skin, our of color the from, came family our where by up us divide politicians allow to not is job Our power. nuclear of risks the without system energy sustainable and affordable an have can we showing is California Republicans? don't Why terrorists. of hands the of out guns keeping support Americans of 85% country. this in race political any on want they as money much as spending billionaires of handful a about not is Democracy discrimination. and sexism but nothing is That 55%. it's women, Hispanic For makes. man white a what of 60% make women Black offshore. profits hiding corporations for up make to year each taxes in $760 pays worker average the that unacceptable is It years. 30 last the in immensely rose incomes their after break tax another need don't wealthy extremely the say to warfare class not is It safety. our compromising without military our to cuts judicious afford can we combined, nation's other every rivals budget military our When years. 58 for program the of life the extend and benefits Security Social expand can We wrong. plain just is That 2007. in did they than less $1,500 making are women working Middle-income @HouseDemocrats. you with stand We unacceptable. is quo status the say to together come people when happens only Change action. demand to colleagues my with stand to Proud world. the maybe and nation, a city, a transform can that politics a forge can they system, rigged a against together stand folks When again. so do can and unimaginable once was that progress made we've America, In but easily, comes never Change country. this in class middle the on war a is there clear is it Wisconsin in unions to do to tried has Walker Scott what at look you If fuels. fossil from away aggressively move must we environment, our protect to that reminder sad another Yet Court. Supreme the to justice ninth a confirm and politics playing stop must Republicans Senate … overnight. cannon t-shirt the up charge to sure made We Sanders! Bernie Show: Late the on Tonight @colbertlateshow: RT environment. inclusive and diverse more a create we when stronger is nation our and prepared better are students Our levels. local and federal at reform justice criminal toward move should we country, other any than jail in people more keeping of Instead government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does view, my in speech, of Freedom law. Vermont's preempts which legislation, labeling GMO this defeat to can I everything do to going am I eat. they food the in is what know to right a have People countries. of dozens in exists It controversial. isn't labeling GMO through. going are people what see don't They years. 35 for stagnant been have wages that know lawmakers many think don't I happen. to that allow cannot We country. our in people vulnerable most the attacking about not is America unethical. completely it’s economy, our to damaging this is only Not leave. sick paid no have people million 51 habitable. not is which world a them leave I if damned be will I and grandchildren beautiful seven got I've out. left being are people that sign a also it's but down, breaking cooperation global about worried I'm habitable. and healthy planet this leave to want We energy. renewable in investment massive and fracking to end an carbon, on tax a need We billion. $80 of expense annual an at bars behind rotting people million have We broken. is system justice criminal Our ever? than poverty in living people more have but billionaires and millionaires in increase huge a see to nation a as comfortable we Are rebuild. class middle the help to part their do should well phenomenally doing are who corporations multinational and wealthy The States. United the across all colleges and universities public great at case the be to used it fact, In inconceivable. not is tuition Free people. the for and people the by people, the of government a want we Gettysburg, at it put Lincoln As vote. the suppress to overtime working are governors Republican yet country, major any of rates turnout voter lowest the of one have We wrong. That's ago. years 43 made you than less $700 making are you economy, the of middle the in worker male a are you If registered. automatically is vote to eligible is who older or age of years 18 anyone that so registration, voter universal need We decriminalized. be should which possession, marijuana of result a as records police have Americans of Millions sentences. minimum mandatory long unnecessarily serving are people many Too population. incarcerated most the not earth, on population educated best the want We forget. will never and forgotten never have I lesson a That's family. a to means money of lack what house my in everyday learned I kid, a As accomplished. be cannot that nothing is there back, fight to prepared are people when together, stand people When top. the to wealth the of all virtually funnels that economy an by denied is opportunity and progress of dream the Americans, many too For behavior. illegal and practices monopolistic greed, uncontrollable on based not is that economy an want We Republicans. extreme by blocked be cannot It right. constitutional woman’s a is abortion to access that reaffirmed today Court Supreme The living. of costs with up keep to try to idea radical a not It’s 1968. in was it than lower 25% is wage minimum the of value The Abortion on Ruling Court Supreme Applauds Sanders NEWS: bodies. their control to right the have didn't women when days the to back go can't we rights, women’s on made we've progress the all After change. climate reversing in world the lead and News, Fox not community, scientific the to listen must We way. peaceful a in conflicts resolve to strength our use can we how but in, engage can we wars many how not is nation great a of test The Americans. ordinary for work not will system care health our profits, over patients put we until it: face Let's country. our to loss a is it families; their and people young bright many for loss a just not is today college of cost skyrocketing The options. care health of array full their to access have should women agrees Court the see to Glad control. birth to access full have not did women when days the to back going not are We strong. is class middle the strong, are unions When today. people working of voice the protected Court the Glad planet. our ravages change climate while profits record in rake to companies fuel fossil allowed we why us ask will grandchildren Our doubled. it's Instead, used. they chemicals of amount the reduce would corn GMO that farmers dairy promised Monsanto it. on hold a putting by beginning Senate, the in bill labeling GMO weak this defeat to can I everything do will I Legislation Labeling GMO on Hold Put To Sanders NEWS: Incomprehensible. incomprehensible. just this find I bodies. women’s regulate to want still lawmakers some yet and 2016, It’s here: Watch Rico. Puerto in crisis humanitarian the about speak to now floor Senate the to Headed worst. its at colonialism is crisis debt Rico Puerto the to solution Republicans' The cut? be to pensions and closed be to schools allowing while billionaires, rewards that legislation pass we should perspective, moral a From absurd. That's million. $370 of sum unbelievable an at board control undemocratic the for pay to Ricans Puerto requires bill This everywhere. it need we labeling—now GMO on lead the taken has Vermont food. their in what’s know to right a have People people. billion - population world's the of half bottom the as wealth much as own now planet the on people 62 wealthiest the Incredibly, US? the can't Why GMOs. label countries 64 eating. they're food the in what's people tell to idea radical a not It's worse. even situation terrible a make would PROMESA suffering, are Rico Puerto of people the when time a At Street. Wall by hijacked be can't Rico Puerto hungry. go children Rican Puerto while investments on return 100% a receive can't Billionaires citizens. American as Rico Puerto of people the treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop to come has time The cut? are kids Rican Puerto for programs nutrition while profits, huge make to Street Wall allow we should Morally, headed. we're where is that but parents, their than living of standard lower a had generation next the if tragedy colossal a be would It master. colonial a become not must America Rico. Puerto of people the by made be must Rico Puerto of future the regarding made Decisions defeated. be must bill this why reason Another change. real need We elite. economic the benefit to elite economic the by developed model economic an have We labeled. be should GMOs agree: Americans of majority overwhelming The over. not is fight The toothless. it's misleading, only not is It bill. labeling GMO pathetic this defeat to can I everything do I'll hour. an pennies earn who countries low-wage in workers against compete to have not should Americans trade.” “free not trade fair need We bill GMO against battle up steps Sanders @politico: RT in. hide to corner dark a just not forward, path rational a has citizen a becoming of dreams who person every where country a in live can We science." reject We what? know "You says, that Senate and House the both controls that party a have you when frightening is really It feet. their on back get inmates help will incarceration, more not Rehabilitation, Pell. Chance Second in part take will @AtBennington Proud dignity. and decency of lives live to entitled are Americans that conviction the to dedicated been has career political entire My equality. toward step this see to Glad people. transgender openly to military the opened we time past long It's labeled. be to food modified genetically want Americans of majority enormous an and want, people the what represent to is job Congress’ indi… incarcerated for Grants Pell restore to me with working for @SenSanders &amp; @SenWhitehouse @SenatorDurbin, you Thank @SenBrianSchatz: RT country. this in recidivism of rate high outrageously the address to Schatz Sen. join to proud am I future. their sacrificing worth was it that profits fuel fossil about important so was what wonder will grandchildren our act, don't we If well. as America in here that do to able be should We products. GMO label which countries of dozens and dozens got we've Europe, over All Sanders: Sen. from letter A Bill. GMO Terrible This Defeat to Can I Everything Do Will I kids. their to giving they're what and eating they're food the of quality the know to want People complicated. not It's gave. @GovPeterShumlin and legislature the support the and law this to led that activism grassroots the of proud I'm passed. gets legislation important and responds government state speak, people The works. democracy when happens what shown has Vermont Law Labeling GMO Vermont’s Defend to Vows Sanders NEWS: eat. they food the in what's know to right a have people believe not do Monsanto like companies agriculture Big law. labeling GMO Vt's defending for @SenSanders to you Thank @VBSRpolicy: RT https… @vtrighttoknow @GovPeterShumlin @PeterWelch @SenSanders @SenatorLeahy with stand to Proud @DaveZuckermanVT: RT pass. cannot It GMOs. labeling for standard national unenforceable and misleading confusing, a create would Congress in legislation GMO The meaningless. essentially law the making requirement, labeling the violating for whatsoever penalties no imposes bill GMO Roberts' Sen. WATCH:… law? Vermont's affect would that compromise GMO federal a of think @SenSanders does What look: First @AlexApple_: RT … speech Senate powerful in funds vulture Street Wall and bill Rico Puerto blasts Bernie @Salon: RT progress. this destroy to trying bill Senate the is of proud not I’m What labeling. GMO mandate to state first is Vermont that proud am I now. right moment a such in are we believe I unacceptable. is quo status the say to together come people when country this in happens Change Watch: succeed. just may they them, stop don't we If GMOs. label to right the states deny to is goal Monsanto's problems. their ignore to continue parties both as long as process political the join won't and irrelevant as politics see will poor The it. violating for penalty a even not There’s requirement. labeling the in loopholes huge contains bill anti-GMO Stabenow-Roberts The legislation. federal for that than standards higher have must We unenforceable. and misleading confusing, is Senate the in bill anti-GMO The eat. they food the in what's know to right a have people think don't they but profits, unlimited to right a have they believe companies Food it. with away get them let can’t We laws. labeling GMO stop to contributions campaign and lobbying on millions of hundreds spent Ag Big states. by done work already the harm and transparency food with help to nothing do will It toothless. and confusing is bill anti-GMO The -@_jeffguo. era other any in than today higher be may today inequality Income Read: Must jobs. outsource to trying corporations multinational not it, oppose who groups environmental and unions of side the take must we TPP, the On economy. our destroyed nearly behavior illegal and recklessness greed, Street’s Wall 2008, in that forget never us Let Madison -James poor.” the than more rich, the Not Representatives? Federal the of electors the be to are “Who policy. economic good also is policy environmental good that realizing means crisis climate the of magnitude the Understanding states. 4 in passed laws labeling GMO overturn to want now is, government the terrible how us tell who Republicans that interesting It's environment? the and families working represent that organizations or America Corporate legislation? trade on trust we should views Whose July! of 4th Happy agenda. Congress' explain to way long a goes which Americans, working with step of out profoundly are class billionaire the of views The not. would bill Senate current The foods. GMO of labeling mandatory the require world the around countries other 64 workers. American for disaster a are but corporation, major a of CEO are you if great are America corporate by pushed agreements trade The consumers. many for inaccessible entirely be may information the and consumers, to confusing intentionally is This right. that protect must Congress children. their feed and eat they food the in what's know to right a have People here. priority the aren't Consumers bill. anti-GMO the support Institute Meat American North and Association Manufacturers Grocery the Mars, children. their with time leisure spend can parents so time vacation guaranteed and leave family paid time, sick paid are values family Real labeling. GMO support won’t Congress why mystery a not It’s cycle. election this contributions campaign in million $52 spent Agribusiness here: Watch now. bill labeling GMO Senate the about speaking Sanders Sen. idea? radical a such really it is GMOs, of labeling require already countries 64 If fall. didn't sky the what, guess and, GMOs labeling already are country the over all Companies eating. they’re what know consumers sure make to nothing does It unenforceable. and misleading confusing, is bill GMO Stabenow-Roberts The corporations. wealthy just not majority, enormous this represent should Congress labeled. be should GMOs think consumers of 92% consumers. from information hiding of business the in be not should Senate The @SenatorTester: RT … state CT's undermine would that bill federal a opposing I'm why That's food. their in what's know to deserve Families @ChrisMurphyCT: RT here: response my find can You .@SenateAgDems package. the on labels GMO clear requires Vermont that good it's why know you now code, QR the read can't you If @SenPatRoberts cc: … consumers for confusing more things makes actually but transparency, of illusion the creates bill Senate @TulsiPress: RT GMOs? contains product which photos these from tell you Can planet. our save to needed is action bold that and situation crisis a in are we that acknowledge to courage the up summon to have We generation. every by fought be must that struggle a is It year. a or day, a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle The that. say to need still we believe can’t I income. or sexuality religion, gender, race, your on depend don’t rights constitutional Your pass. not should and flawed deeply is bill Stabenow-Roberts The agrees: Times York New The food. their in what's know don't people ensure to MILLION $400 nearly spent labeling GMO to Opponents REMINDER: unacceptable. That's police. the with encounters during force of use the experience to likely as times four almost are African-Americans Senate the in bill derail to push final launches .@SenSanders @nealgoswami: RT reader? code QR the downloading Trouble ago. hours 24 than more sent was tweet This .@SenThomTillis here: Watch bill. "labeling" GMO terrible this stop to colleagues my urge to now floor Senate the to down Heading happened. what exactly That’s what? know You interests. corporate their further will that influence buy can money their thinks Monsanto Association. Manufacturers Grocery the and Monsanto by for paid and bought was bill "labeling" GMO Stabenow-Roberts The food. their in is what about information basic get to order in smartphone a need not should People https://t.… patients. cholesterol for costs lower to Crestor generic approve to FDA urges .@SenSanders @statnews: RT Justice. of Department the with investigation immediate an trigger should that shooting, related police a is there If kinds. all of violence against stand nation a as must We despicable. and horrifying is night last Dallas in officers police on attack The quickly. very fire catches it idea, an of justice the see people when But radical. too considered was wage minimum $15 a ago, years Five workers. American of millions representing union, every practically by opposed are that agreements trade passing be not should We be. to have not does That quo. status the change can’t we think to taught are We small. think to taught are we ways, different thousand a In endure. many so racism structural the address simultaneously must we country, this in inequality income of levels grotesque attack we While make? parents their money much how of because college attending from people young bright discourage literally to us for it is insane How that? accept we do How percent. 99 bottom the of whole the than wealth more owns now percent 1 top The simple. and plain – bribery legalized than less nothing is United Citizens disgrace. a That's 2016. It's change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse still politicians Some people! 62 people. billion around — population world’s the of half bottom the as wealth much as own people 62 people. one as together stand we when nation, stronger a nation, greater a becomes America us. dividing in successful be will one No on. go must fight our no, But, now. by equal be truly to Americans all for progress enough made have country a as we that say could I wish I else. everyone on impact an has everyone we is about is life human what believe I but vulnerable, the on backs our turn to easy seem can It powerful. the on take necessary, when and, people working with stand to poor, the with stand to courage the have we that imperative is It care. health to right a have should people all happens: it until it saying keep I’ll but it, say to have I times many how know don’t I them. educate to spending than faster rises people incarcerate to spending when problem a have we know We radical. a as me count yes, then country, other any than jail in people more have shouldn't States United the that think to radical it's If unacceptable. just is That schools. on spending as fast as times three increased has corrections on spending local and state years, 30 In Reagan. Ronald socialist" "radical under paid they what today taxes in paid corporations if colleges public tuition-free fund fully could We people. American the to hazard health major a become has industry pharmaceutical The children. their and people our for economy, our for environment, our for -- sustainable is that future a ensure to is Congress in job Our outrageous. That's treatment. per $84,000 or pill, per $1,000 to price the up jacked and medication funded taxpayer a bought Gilead says report taxes, in billion $10 avoided drug $84,000 of Maker @4TaxFairness: RT potential. country's this understand you if not grandchildren, or kids your for future decent a want you if option--not an not is Despair it. need they when need they treatment abuse substance the get to people for easier it make must We up. us divide to anybody allow to not is job Our back. fight to is job Our up. stand to is job Our Congress. of true is same the why explaining in way long a goes Americans most with step of out wildly are views billionaires' that fact The it. doing while rich getting and impunity with planet the destroying is industry fuel fossil The nation. our for tragedy a It's individuals. those for tragedy a just isn't cost to due college to going from people young discourage To need. they medication the afford can't who millions of lives the for fighting means hikes price senseless over lobby drug the Challenging college. through childcare from world the in system educational best the have must we economy, global a in prosper to are we If people. French the support to ready stands States United The Nice. in killed those of ones loved and families the with are thoughts My issue. moral a is It issue. human a is It economy. stronger a building of matter a just not is inequality wealth and Income billionaires. of greed the indulging not class, middle the protect to fighting is about be should economy American the What fuels. fossil to addiction society’s of consequences severe most the bear will communities minority and low-income in live who People discussion. of vote—end to registered is age of years 18 everyone that demand to much too not is It economy. productive real the of outside centers profit huge as standing themselves, unto island an be cannot institutions Financial bailout? their Where's collapse. Street Wall the of result a as wealth their of half lost nationwide community African-American The do. should we what obvious It’s jobs. create we and bills energy people’s cut we planet, the help we energy, sustainable to switch we When family. every to promise that keep must We college. to go kids their see they'd parents, as hard worked they if that was dream parents' My sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have should Earth, on country richest the in people all of least one, No percent. top the of wages the than faster times three roughly grown has compensation CEO should. they taxes the pay finally marketplace the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most wage. starvation a undoubtedly is That year. a $15,000 about making are you wage, minimum federal current the at week a hours 40 work you If nation. our of fabric the become have programs these Yet socialist. called was - wage minimum a Medicare, - proposed FDR everything Almost become? to wish we do nation of kind What question: moral a asking we're ultimately reform, campaign and inequality wealth discuss we When doing. be should we what exactly is that and jobs, million 13 create would infrastructure our repair to investment of trillion $1 a Making backwards. it got We’ve lobbyists. their and wealthy the welcomes it yet you, on back its turns government poor, are you if now, Right care. health no have they when free truly not are People family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are People ways. racist and xenophobic in up us divide to trying again are people now but discrimination combatting in progress enormous made have We children. have quarter a than more wage, minimum hour an $15 a under raise a get would who workers Of them. expand to have We rights. women's on retreating avoid just to enough not It’s change. climate of reality the recognize even to refuse exceptions, few with politicians, Republican that embarrassment an is really It us. of all for but billionaires, and millionaires for just not works that system a need We wage. minimum a of concept the with away do to want but wage, minimum the raise not will only not who Republicans have we that crazy is It banks. big respects it as much as planet our respect would Congress that wish I us. of all for works that America an create we that certain make to and hatred promote who those to no say must We that. change will and can We ignorance. and fear people's manipulate to been has politics in success to route surefire The wrong. nothing done have who people for unsafe country this making is fear-mongering Republican sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans generics. low-cost to access have must Americans health. patients' over profits put to allowed be cannot AstraZeneca them? to listening is who debts, horrendous with saddled being about talk kids class working When listens. Congress talks, Street Wall When vote. the suppress to attempts Republicans' over victory huge a is This less. not voting, people more want should We on. live can they that wage a workers our paying about more and individuals LGBT targeting about less worry should Republicans turn. every at refugees and immigrants demonizing stop and country, this founded who remember to stand could Party Republican The process. democratic the in participate to people for harder it make and voters suppress to overtime working are governors Republican shame. enormous an is me to That baby. their with be can parents that so leave family offer doesn't that nation only the practically are We families income middle and low by out taken loans student off profits in billions making government of policy regressive the end should We nation. our for tragedy a be will It kids. those for tragedy a just isn't cost to due college to going from people young discourage To hoax. a is change climate that believe evidence, scientific the of all despite who, people elect to afford cannot We hour. an $15 to it raise to time It’s wage. starvation a is $ of wage minimum federal The up. us divides not together, us brings who somebody needs country Our bigotry. promote who candidates are need we thing last the country, our in discrimination and sexism racism, of centuries After violence. fleeing refugees on backs our turn not will We fear-mongering. and demagoguery for time the not is Now millions. of care health away take and rights gay against fight voters, disenfranchise to try should ideas of platform serious No sisters. and brothers LGBTQ our with stand must We NC. from Game All-Star year's next pulling NBA the by move Great today. hurting is it than more even country this of class middle the strangle will that agenda austerity an not agenda, pro-worker a need We jail. to big too are they fail, to big too only not are banks Street Wall where now situation a have We class. middle struggling the but year, each millions and millions in raking are who those not are cut tax a need who People nationwide. fracking out phase must We planet. our and health our to danger a is Fracking clear: is evidence The for. pay to forgot he wars two into us took and billionaires to breaks tax gave Bush W. George because debt national large a such have We that. of proud very be all should we think I and immigrants, of daughters and sons the are we because great is country Our concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic and anti-immigrant the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We services. and goods purchase and out go who people of millions but corporations, large the of CEOs the not are creators job so-called The soul. and body in injured war from home came who people those with stand to have we anything, for stands country this If United. Citizens overturn not do we if democracy our and campaigns our on have can interests corporate impact the to end no be will There fraudsters. poor—not the and people young students, college elderly, the affect mostly They vote. the suppress to designed are laws ID Voter time. our of crisis global the is which change, climate of reality the ignore to continue Republicans that inconceivable it find I end. not will and cannot fight That 1%. the just not us, of all represents that government a for fighting continue to got have We interests. special powerful to up stand and class billionaire the on take will we that America of families working the to clear make must We rights. constitutional others’ of expense the at come to have not does liberty Religious bodies. women’s on regulations force they but government, intrusive less want to claim Republicans quo. status the change cannot we you tells who anyone believe Don't up. bottom the from comes it down, top the from place takes never Change people. vulnerable most our and poor the for care take we how is progress our of test the that said he when right absolutely was FDR powerful. the on take to prepared are and people American the with stand they that clear it making by success electoral find would Democrats poverty. in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works America in someone If important. very is it but easy, not is it know I brave. is issues raising and Americans fellow your for out Speaking bailout. a got economy our and businesses own their crashed who bankers yet debt, insurmountable with hit gets hard studies who student A off? us ripping are who companies drug to up stand to guts the have we Do this: to down comes America in prices drug of future The concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic and anti-immigrant the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We "hoax." a it call They it? address Republicans will How planet. our facing crisis environmental greatest the is change Climate bills. their pay to just jobs three or two work must more millions and poverty in live workers full-time of millions that disgraceful is It richer. billionaires make to day after day works economy our yet need, people what provide and hungry the feed to enough producing are We infrastructure. our rebuilding done be to work enormous is there when underemployed or unemployed are workers of millions that absurd is It cells. jail in not jobs, good at and schools good in be should country this in people Young country. this in interests money big the on taking and be that powers the to up standing for Reid, Harry you, Thank about. is nature human what That's together. this in are we that is life whole my believed have I What become. can we know all we country of kind the create to fight straight, and gay old, and young women, and men when stronger become We outrage! an What wage. minimum the cut to able be actually should states that but billionaires, for breaks tax huge in believe Republicans 90%. bottom the as wealth much as almost own now percent one of one-tenth top the that sustainable not and acceptable not moral, not is It up. on bottom the from only happens it year, one or day one in happen not does change, real change, Social continues. 1% the just not and us of all represents which government a create to people the of struggle the But go. and come days Election insane. That's debt. of mountain a with school leave more millions and college to go to afford can't kids bright of thousands of Hundreds government. the not woman, the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The bribery. legalized to amounts that system finance campaign a today have We ourselves. kid not Let's down. trickle to it for waiting done are people our of rest The top. the at those for off paid has corporations for rates growth High insurance. health off Americans more million 20 Throw answer? Republicans' What's care. health have don't still Americans million 28 racism. of stain ugly the of country this rid to can I everything do will I camps. concentration in died family father’s My Jewish. I’m racism. of forms all end and together stand to have we anything for stand we If America. in Muslims against generated being is hate of Lots beings. human fellow of decency basic the disrespecting for excuse no is correctness” “political Avoiding elections. buying billionaires want don`t They elections. free want They elections. fair want people American The hate. that reject and together stand to got We've country. this in immigrants against generated being hatred is There disaster. financial from away accident car or diagnosis one are country richest world’s the in people of millions that unconscionable is It people. all of right a is care health Yes, it: repeat to me allow so point, this for criticized been I’ve leave. family paid and care health get to people working for OK it's maybe subsidies, taxpayer in billions receive can family Walton the If 1%. top the to class middle the from transferred got trillion $1 as 'radical' redistribution wealth calling Congress in folks hear didn't I people. American the of priorities the are those believe not do I help. more need they think Republicans the and richer much get rich The overseas. hide corporations let we revenue tax potential of amount the 1/120th costs plan jobs youth billion $5 "radical" My 20%. top the than earlier years six die 20% bottom the in is income whose Those sentence. death a is it discomfort, just not is Poverty we. can so leave, maternity paid have can country major other every If birth. giving after days work to back forced be should mother No agenda. Republicans' become has - limitations finance campaign all and Medicare Security, Social ending - agenda brothers' Koch The immoral. it's - economics bad just isn't disabilities, with those and seniors for issue death and life a Security, Social Cutting grandchildren. and children our for habitable is planet the ensuring toward step good a is This job. another Get say: I vote the suppress to laws pass who politicians To justice. basic of issue an It's idea. radical a not It's work. equal for pay Equal up. give to than up show to better is it view, of point human a from that you tell can I breaks. tax 1% the giving and wars two for pay to forgetting by caused GOP the deficit a for poor the blame to Republicans for cruel It's year. single every numbers record in out turn to people get to trying be should They vote. the suppress to trying be shouldn’t Lawmakers need. us of rest the programs to spending cut and themselves for breaks tax get to elections our buy wealthy the when warfare class is It super-rich. the for and super-rich the by super-rich, the of nation a toward moving rapidly are We need. we that jobs the creating not are we products, and goods buying out not they're when income, disposable have don't people working When happen. that let can’t We percent. 1 the for works that Congress a have can they so millions of hundreds spending are brothers Koch The change. must That government. federal the is country this in employer low-wage largest the that is reality The democracy. It's radical. not That's money. lobbyists' not votes, constituents' their for working be should Politicians really: simple, It's fuels. fossil from away move must we habitable that's planet a children our leave to going we're If Earth. one have only We them. join should States United The punishment. capital end to chosen has country industrialized Western every Virtually country. major any of poverty childhood of rates highest the of one have should Earth on country greatest the believe not do I reform. finance campaign meaningful pass first we unless to need we like change climate confront to able be not will we Sadly, Americans. million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns family one when wrong profoundly something is There work. for looking are millions while China to jobs our sending continue can’t You billionaires: the to message My respect. and dignity with retire can American every that sure make to got have we up, going is rate poverty senior the when time a At change. that for fight us of millions unless America change to going aren't we that quo status the in invested so are donors powerful Big, less. not government, in compassion more need We need. in those to assistance provide to government federal the for harmful or bad not is It line. bottom the is that and exist, to big too is it fail, to big too is institution an If fraud. voter so-called of because laws changing are people that is fraud the is What America. in fraud voter no virtually have We lives. their throughout back women sets which opportunity, unequal of issue an is It pay. unequal of issue an only not is gap wage The now. act to but choice no have we is truth the But decades. few a for change climate about worrying off put to nice be would It too. it understand to needs Congress Our guns. and tanks as war of cost a much as is veterans of care Taking understand: people American The from. come they where regardless respect same the with people our of all treating by it like act should We country. greatest the is This education. higher a afford cannot people where one the not world, the in workforce educated best the need we economy global a In 1%." top the just not us, of all for work to going is government our "Sorry, say, and together come we whether about is now struggle Our creeds. religious and races all of people of sisters and brothers daughters, sons, the are we because remarkable is America rule. the is It rule. the to exception the not is It Street. Wall on model business the is Fraud much. so have few so and little so have many so when failed simply has economy global The possible. as profit much as making not jobs, creating and businesses small to loans affordable providing about be should Banking future. the in and now proliferation, nuclear limit must We security. our to threat a are weapons Nuclear choice. no have We energy. renewable using in leader a be and dependence fuel fossil our cut to up step must We rich. very the to breaks tax huge provide to absurd is it inequality, wealth and income massive of time a At community. LGBT the of rights the and rights workers’ choose, to right woman’s a protect will who justices Court Supreme need We kids. their and billionaires to handout a just It's families. American of for nothing do will tax estate the Repealing taxes. income federal in nothing paid have corporations major many that unacceptable is It misinformed. and hateful fearful, are who leaders away washed progress our see to country a as much too accomplished have We issues. the debating actually time little too and money of pursuit in time much too spend Congress of Members combined. America in teachers kindergarten the of all than more make managers fund hedge 25 top the when absurd It's planet. our to happening is what realize and up wake finally to deniers change climate for take will it what about worry I coward. political a is voting, from people keep to trying vote, the suppress to trying fraud, voter widespread is there claiming Anybody abolished. be must penalty death The it. to adding our without world the in destruction and death enough is There represented. be will priorities their think to reason people give must leaders Our disgrace. a That's vote. don't adults eligible million 88 important. very is it but easy, not it's know I brave. is issues raising and Americans fellow your for out Speaking childcare. in revolution a need We tuition. in-state than higher is preschool of cost the states, 23 In today. has family white average the wealth of level the reach to years 228 family black average the take will It people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must it principles, guiding its as equality and freedom proclaims America If economy. the in on going what's about idea no has families working of fear and anxiety the understand doesn't who Anyone end. to greed their for time It's system. the rigged has oil Big right. exactly are @SenWhitehouse and .@SenWarren richer. grew Street Wall while it for pay to had they but recession, the cause not did they understand they angry: be to right are People by! stop Please Pearisburg. &amp; Christiansburg Burke, Annandale, in Connects Kaine host will staff my week, This live: Listen East. Middle the to visit my about @jfradioshow friend my w/ talk I’ll 7:20AM At priorities. security national our on budget defense the of impacts the on nominees DoD question will - hearing Cmte Services Armed to Headed today hrg Senate at Lauck Hannah intro'ed I and @timkaine @MarkWarner MT Richmonder fellow &amp; nominee qualified Very law by required &amp; critical is Navy 11-carrier maintaining – me w/ agreed nominees DoD hearing, Cmte Services Armed In energy renewable on signal right the send can we how on @thehill in op-ed my read to moment a Take accept. I election, general a in cat a defeated have to Senator only the As .@bennyjohnson govt formed w/newly wk last visit my following Lebanon, in developments security &amp; political recent on hearing subcommittee a chair to About today ENTERPRISE USS the from Hornef James LCDR &amp; Gilmore Linda NC1 Virginians meeting Enjoyed treatment improve to how discussed we as today stories their shared courageously who assault sexual military of survivors the to Grateful @RTDSchapiro @ToddyPuller @SenatorCarper Cc: wishes! birthday the all for Thanks goals: of example Great jobs. solar w/ skills vets matching on report @SolarFound @OperationFree Impt trivia in @SenSherrodBrown stump &amp; resolution year’s new my achieve can I so almanac baseball a w/ me surprised Staff Thanks! @RepScottRigell CSPAN2 on in Tune access. humanitarian unhindered for call to floor Senate to Headed disaster. unacceptable an is crisis refugee Syrian The CTE promote to educators encouraging &amp; education &amp;technical career celebrating resolution intro to @SenatorBaldwin @robportman join to Proud vote to right the expanding of importance the on @billclinton featuring video Great veterans support to efforts on together work to hope &amp; service his for Grateful today. speech floor maiden his on @JohnWalsh to Congrats -TB Month as Feb designate to @robportman &amp; @timkaine w/ work to Proud @SenatorBaldwin MT issue this on partners be to Proud pay equal for fighting keep let’s history, throughout women of contributions countless the to tribute pay we As reauthorizes bill battlefield bipartisan my program the through VA in battlefields protect to &gt;$150K award will @NatlParkService Pleased VA. in roads the on accumulate to begin ice &amp; snow as tonight safe stay Please families &amp; mothers support to work important your for Thx @NatWICAssoc! anniversary 40th Happy strengthening of importance the about seminar policy @actecareertech’s at speak to honored was I here: statements our Read proposal. budget President’s the on in weighed I &amp; @MarkWarner member Cmte Budget Fellow fleet 11-carrier &amp; VA on impact budget's defense the about Hagel Secretary ask I'll hearing Cmte Services Armed morning's this In in: Tune budget. President's the and Ukraine in situation the discuss to @JoanJ &amp; @mikemosswtop join I'll AM 8:30 At session today's for prayer opening the offer @DalaiLama the Holiness His have to honor an What AM this coffee our at owners business small VA w/ selfies some take to me and @MarkWarner inspired .@TheEllenShow MS Clarksdale stop, First @repjohnlewis. by led wkend this Pilgrimage Rights Civil @FaithNPolitics annual 14th the join to Honored luck! good athletes @USParalympics our of all Wishing off. show @timkaine, @ChrisMurphyCT RT favorite personal a Blues, Monday Stormy playing was band The resist. Couldn't East Middle the to visit our on tmrw 10AM at @WGANNews on @SenAngusKing w/ conversation my miss Don’t equality for striving keep to pledge &amp; globe the across women of achievements social &amp; political economic, the celebrate we Today Selma in crossing Bridge Pettus Edmund 1965 the of commemoration the for @repjohnlewis w/ march to humbled – day moving a Truly VA Northern in jobs for them prepare classes how about Alexandria in students @NovaAccess w/ discussion Great April in Championship @VEXRobotics the to go they before 1 Team Robotics @NOVA_Stem by demonstration a watching Loved assault sexual military of survivors empowers &amp; protects that bill pass to lines party across Senators join to Proud in: Tune . standing in colleagues Senate my join will I tonight 10PM At speeches Senate the &amp; energy clean discuss to 9:35AM at tmrw @chucktodd joining to fwd Looking energy clean in invest &amp; pollution reduce to need the on floor Senate the on speak I'll minutes few a In Crozet: &amp; Lovingston Grundy, Bristol, Forge, Clifton Lebanon, Co., Botetourt in wk this Connects Kaine by stop Please energy clean in invest to need the on @chucktodd w/ discussion my for 9:35AM at @dailyrundown the to in Tune @smashingwalnuts cc: Act Research Miller Gabriella pass to @EricCantor @MarkWarner w/ effort lead to Proud Act! Research First Kids Miller Gabriella of support your for @timkaine &amp; @OrrinHatch Thx @SmashingWalnuts: MT bill impt this back to Proud priority high be will security hear to pleased was &amp; elections Afghan upcoming about Dunford General asked I hearing Cmte Services Armed In in: Tune pm. 12:25 at today Lewis Cathy w/ HearSay @WHRO's on speech my discussing to forward Looking family his &amp; him w/ are prayers &amp; thoughts My needs. he medication the receive will Hardy Josh Fredericksburg’s grateful Deeply more: Learn professionals. STEM of generation next the trains it as Virginians for move great a is RCPS+ Expanding game! round first their in Hokies the to luck Good @GatesScholars to thx him to afforded opportunities the about Alvaro staffer my from heard &amp; by stopped .@BillGates today conference @StateDept for town in were who chair subcmte Mid-East as oversee I countries many for Missions of w/Chiefs meet to Honored Committee Services Armed the on work my and govt, &amp; business about discussion a for tonight students @DardenMBA joining to forward look I tonight! delegates @SenateYouth States United Virginia's with talking enjoyed I for strategy humanitarian new a for calling resolution bipartisan a introduced I and @marcorubio Today stand to time It’s homes. their flee to forced been have Syrians of Millions today than tomorrow cleaner get to US the enables that policy science-driven for need the stressed I on hearing today’s At childcare affordable quality, to access have families ensuring by Virginians helps which passed Senate news! Great aid humanitarian need who children million 5 than more with stand you if RT displacement &amp; violence suffering those for aid humanitarian more for calling by stood I vigil, today’s At hard this been have shouldn't critical a - to deal Senate bipartisan the about Pleased Officer Reserve Force Air an Karen, staffer my by Act Protection Victims the on post thoughtful very a miss Don't Visita cobertura. obtener para dias 17 faltan Solo education celebrate to day Great ! Happy March! love I games. final conference @VCU and @UVA pm 1 for church after in Settling Crimea: in referendum today’s of recognition Russia’s on statement My Day! Patrick’s St. Happy area: your in plowed been have streets which showing map a Here’s today. snow the in out you’re if safe stay Please Navy 11-carrier an maintain to need we why discuss I interview @DefenseNewsTV In ICYMI: by! stop Please Richmond. &amp; Clinchco Woodstock, Tazewell, in Connects Kaine host will staff my of members week, This HBCUs! volunteer-producing top of list 2014 @peacecorps the on #3 ranking for @nsuspartanz Congrats discrimination workplace from workers LGBT protect to order executive an issue to President the on called I Today VA southern in programs learning distance &amp; telemedicine expand to grant @usda well-deserved a on @newcollegeinst Congrats ? your in Who’s way. the all going @UVA &amp; 16 Sweet the in @VCU have I bracket. my out Filled Horan Patty McLean's including caregivers, military honor @DoleFoundation the see to Great @repjohnlewis: by led Pilgrimage Rights Civil the from Reflections granted. for vote to right the take never can We proud! Virginia make tonight, @VCU and @UVA for Rooting season great a on Rams the to Congrats night. last @vcu for loss Disappointing teams! robotics VA's on cheer to @SiegelCenter the at @VirginiaFIRST the to Headed today there you seeing to fwd Look luck! Good @ParkdaleRobotic op-ed @roanoketimes my Read VA. to critical is expansion Medicaid why us shows County Wise in clinic @ramusaorg The care. to access lack who Virginians rural help would it how is expansion Medicaid of impact under-told The did! I that glad So - yesterday’s at you meet to by come I that asking &amp; writing for @frc1086 Team Thx care preventive free expanded &amp; deficit the reduced conditions, pre-existing w/ people protected has later, yrs 4 marzo de 31 el hasta tienes , en asequible, salud de cuidado del ley la de aniv. cuarto el celebramos Hoy premieres! it when spots local see to wait Can't Richmond. around &amp; in filming been have who @TurnAMC of cast w/ Met equality women's &amp; rights civil advancing work her for of Height Dorothy honor homepage @google today's see to Great Syria in crisis the address to work bipartisan my &amp; expansion Medicaid talk to @jfradioshow join I’ll minutes 5 In Virginians &gt;400K help would expansion Medicaid how discuss to @1140WRVA on Barrett Jimmy join I’ll 8:35AM At Norfolk. Station Naval at shooting night's last by impacted those to prayers &amp; thoughts condolences, deepest my Sending agree you if RT choices. care health own her make to right woman’s a of favor in rules hope I uses she medication what decide shouldn’t CEOs corporate reasons, medical other or planning family for it needs woman a Whether issue. economic an and issue family a it’s issue, women’s a just not is This nation! the feed to hard working for country the across and Virginia in farmers thank to RT repairs. of years after 12, May on re-open will Monument Washington the that announced Service Park National The news! Great @RROysters family-owned favorite: local a of story success the Read oysters! delicious VA’s of enough get can one No season! amazing an on @JMUWBasketball to Congrats economia. la sobre hablar para Castro, Carlos y Toro Del Carlos Virginia, de empresariales lideres con reuní me Hoy yesterday! School Middle Ridge Blue from students with meeting time great a had I job. next their for look they while relief need who Americans for to Congress for time it's think you If RT troops- US aiding for danger in interpreters Afghan for visas of processing expedite to @StateDept asking I'm on sanctions &amp; of government and people the for assistance economic much-needed pass to voted just I illegal that’s Now gender. her of because just insurance health for more charged be could woman a when to 31. March by and plans health private for up signed have who people mil. 6 than more Join leaders local w/ region the in development economic discuss to Forge Clifton in College Community Lancaster S. Dabney to way my On Co. Alleghany for Medicaid expanding transpo, &amp; education funding of impt discussing &amp; Vision2025 abt hearing Enjoyed MSU beat @UVA watch to now home Headed Dairy-Rite! Wright's at stopping without Staunton through drive Can't shake chocolate the with go always I course! Of @amyebridge @UVA season incredible an on Congrats night. last Hoos the for loss Heartbreaking 500. STP the in drivers the all to luck Good @MartinsvilleSwy! at day race It's exercise: problem-solving creative &amp; fun a into tech for passion their turn who students college VA on piece Great business for good it's why &amp; wage min than more paying of practice their discuss to Alexandria in @MOMsOrganicMrkt to way my On → ! salud, de plan un en inscribirse para día ultimo el es Hoy families working for to time it's that agree I &amp; Alexandria, in @MOMsOrganicMrkt of owner Nash, Scott here watch people; Afghan &amp; country for milestone elections-significant Afghan 4/5 about speak to floor to Heading @SenSherrodBrown cc: why? Bonus: home? at season every open to gets that team only the is franchise MLB Which day! opening @MLB it's Excited birthday! happy a @SenAngusKing friend good very my Wishing season! the off start to one easy an you gave I Correct, @MLB @Reds .@SenSherrodBrown to need we why on @abuddy &amp; @mikehydeck with conversation my for 6:45AM at @wusa9 to in Tune economy &amp; families VA’s benefit will the raising how about talk to @stevechenevey &amp; @Fox5DCAllison w/ down sit I’ll 7:30AM At here: Watch families. working affecting topics other and to need the on spoke I morning This ICYMI: participate! to me inviting for thanks did, I glad I'm .@TuxedoPandas coverage health private for up signed have , the to Thanks news: great the RT : must we why on today remarks my from More poverty. in live should time full works who one No deserve they recognition to closer step 1 - @IndianCommittee of out passed tribes Indian VA 6 to recognition fed. grant to bill our Grateful all for opportunities &amp; training workforce improve to work his to fwd Looking Secretary. Dep. @USDOL confirmed was @ChrisLu44 Pleased Sintoniza minimo, salario al aumento el sobre hablando estare minutos algunos En Commonwealth the for issue important this covering for thanks tribes; Indian VA 6 for recognition federal talk to wait the worth .@MattLaslo District River Danville's to entrance new beautiful a on International Tobacco Japan &amp; @cityofdanville to Congrats @USNavy! in Fleet a command to woman 1st &amp; Fleet 10th Command/ Cyber Fleet US of commander new the Tighe, Jan VADM to Congratulations more: Learn Act! Research Miller Gabriella the of signing the for @WhiteHouse the to way my On powers war reforming in interest my for reasons major the of –one @Miller_Center at Baliles Jerry friend good my of work the for grateful So @MasonPolicy cc: powers war reform to efforts my on Lecture Haynes Kingsley Annual 3rd the give to @GeorgeMasonU to Headed park! national beautiful a such honoring is @usmint Happy quarter. @ShenandoahNPS the of launch the for Royal Front to way my On donuts apple cinnamon delicious some for Royal Front in House Apple the at stop pit quick a Made Ramirez? @Indians .@SenSherrodBrown opener! home today's in @Nationals the to luck Good challenge. important an on @GetFitDanRiver Danville in neighbors office new our to luck of Best Centre! Business Crossing Commonwealth for permit secure help to @RepMGriffith @reproberthurt @markwarner w/ work bipartisan my of Proud Martinsville/HenryCo: to jobs bring to @RepMGriffith &amp; @RepRobertHurt w/@timkaine work to Proud @MarkWarner: RT today! birthday 100th Simon’s Bob founder &amp; Reston of founding the of anniversary 50th the celebrate to excited I'm make can leaders civilian decision important most the is battle into members service American Sending OP-ED: security base military and tragedy Hood Fort the discuss to Sunday @FoxNews on be I’ll morning Tomorrow security base military and tragedy Hood Fort the on McCaul Rep. w/ discussion my watch to minutes few a just in Sunday @FoxNews to in Tune decisions. critical these make we how about clear be to troops our to it owe we b/c – powers war on @RTDNEWS my Read help can Virginia in Medicaid expanding how &amp; Wagon Health the behind nurses the of story inspiring tells .@60minutes families. their and women hurts gap pay gender the b/c the pass to time It's work. equal for support you if RT men. to paid dollar every for cents 79 earn Virginia in Women job. next their find to struggling Americans vulnerable of millions for to bill bipartisan pass to Proud in strategy humanitarian new a for calling @marcorubio w/ intro'd I resolution approved unanimously Senate The for time It's earns. man a dollar every for cents 79 earn VA in women 2014 in that believe to hard It's floor! Senate the on shout-out a MOM's gives governor VA former and senator US Kaine, Tim @MOMsOrganicMrkt: RT issues regional mid-east and partnership strong discuss to Israel of Minister Foreign w/ meet to way my On insurance. unemployment and wage minimum the tech, about questions great had HS George King from Students help to doing is ICRC what and Syria in crisis humanitarian the discuss to @ICRC, of President @PMaurerICRC, with met Just award Children for Champion @SavetheChildren's receive to Proud County Henrico in project service community a w/ initiative my off kick to Saturday me Join women hard-working deny to voted just colleagues Senate my of many that disappointed deeply I'm Paintbrush Operation like - need in Virginians help that organizations &amp; causes highlight can we Through jobs? shipbuilding most in nation the leads Virginia that know you Did America. of council shipbuilders the of president the w/ met I Today @gosquirrels squirrel flying a by beat both were we bad too – True @RTDNEWS .@MarkWarner indivisible nation one us make truly to effort the in much so sacrificed who those for thankful Act, Rights Civil after yrs 50 history rich VA's to contributions their for recognition federal overdue long tribes Indian 6 grant to time It's this. on @Jim_Moran &amp; @MarkWarner w/ work my of Proud Arlington. in Research Scientific of Office keep will @usairforce VA! for news Great page: facebook my liking by Senate the in work my on date to up and connected Stay Charlottesville! to visit upcoming my and initiative new my discussing be I'll where @1070WINA to in Tune in! Tune . project service upcoming my discuss to @CommunityClo w/ FM Kiss on be I'll minutes few a In Saturday this off kicking initiative volunteer my , about more learn to now @JFRadioShow to in Tune Monday Charlottesville in to up be I'll what hear to mins 2 in @WCNRTheCorner money! saving of importance about @HollinMeadowsES at kids w/ talking Loved pets! on split were but need, a not want a is IPod an that agreed kids .@HollinMeadowsES diplomats. greatest country’s our of one Truly service. excellent of decades 3 his for Burns Bill to Grateful initiative: volunteer new my about more Learn today! Richmond in project 1st my off kick to Excited today! Paintbrush Operation with us help to out came who volunteers the all to Thanks yesterday! Shoes Lost of Field The of premiere the for Richmond in marching Corps @Vamilitary the see to great was It Congress in compromise find and order budget normal to back get to efforts share to glad AM; this me having for @CvilleVAchamber Thanks statement: my read to moment a Take today. Kansas in community &amp; victims for Praying h… Day Save to Children Teach for wants" vs "needs kids teaching Fri. fun had Keating ABA's &amp; @TimKaine ICYMI: @ABABankingNews: RT me. having for Thx too! excited I'm @LarrySabato .@Rachel__Leah history &amp; culture our to contributions their &amp; tribes Indian VA of recognition for fight the on piece @RTDNEWS Great … home. couple's a paint help to in Day Citizen for sleeves his up rolled @timkaine Sen. @VisitHenrico: RT US across programs CTE strengthen can we how for model great Lynchburg; in CVCC at action in ed tech &amp; career Saw Politics American to Intro teaching semester last his of lecture guest final the deliver to class @LarrySabato's to way my On to… Thanks photo? 1st my in students politics uva 400 with than Instagram join to way better What week! birthday TJ's it's University, Jefferson's Mr. at stop a make to timing Perfect Seder. neighborhood annual our at friends joining to forward look I &amp; Anne tonight. Passover celebrating those to out go wishes warmest My development. tech and research about more learn to today here visiting @timkaine Sen. Welcome @NASA_Langley: RT ones loved their &amp; survivors the of courage &amp; strength the remember we bombings, Marathon Boston year’s last on reflect we As photos! for tuned stay – projects development &amp; research newest its about learn to @NASA_Langley to drive rainy the Making wind… measure help can it how &amp; technology Lidar Wind Doppler about learned I @NASA_Langley at Today @NASA_Langley! from interview live my for PM 4:10 at @WAVY_News to in Tune today Richmond in to up I'm what hear to 9:10AM at @JackGravelyShow the to in Tune 16. April on community @Virginia_Tech the to turn always will thoughts Our help… to ways about lot a learned I start-ups! other and @Health_Warrior w/ meeting Excellent AM this w/start-ups meeting for backdrop as served that @HamiltonGlass artist by of sketch erase dry this Love change! sparking are Millenials how on @urichmond at event @AtlanticLIVE at speak to Excited more &amp; entrepreneurs Richmond w/ meeting my discuss me watch to 5:30PM at @CBS6 to in Tune delicious! was plate BBQ Martinsville. to way on lunch for Hill South in BBQ Wilson's at Stopped the to thanks plans health private for up signed have Americans news: Great VA for win Huge center! training security embassy an for site the as Pickett Ft. choosing in decision great a made Administration The my… of Proud today! site Centre Business Crossing Commonwealth the on ground broke Officially Friday. Good on Anne with Garden--strolling Botanical lewisginter the at Tulips us. having for Thanks did! sure We .@lewisginter days fee-free of list a Here's ! during weather the enjoy and outdoors Get Park? National VA favorite your What's favorites. personal my of one is .@ShenandoahNPS Richmond. in family with mine spending be to blessed Feeling Easter! happy very a everyone wish I and Anne day! race great a runners @bostonmarathon the all Wishing increased… that agreed all - Roanoke in leaders local &amp; educators owners, business small from Heard expand &amp; unemployment veterans reduce to work my about hear to 5PM at @WVVA to in tune Bluefield, in you're If today! than tomorrow cleaner are we ensure to do must we work the of reminder great a is Today - Happy SWVA benefit would development workforce improved &amp; certainty budget how discuss to @WythevilleCC at roundtable Great services veterans improve can we ways about veteran student w/ spoke &amp; class coding medical @WythevilleCC by Stopped ! about news exciting the sharing for Thanks @timkaine @GoParks: RT resolution '73 the reform to efforts my &amp; powers war of issue on students politics @emoryandhenry w/ discussion Great in! tune - VA benefit will &amp; training workforce expanding how discuss to 5:30PM at @News5WCYB Bristol's Joining Bristol! in day spring Gorgeous jobs available match skills workers' so training workforce prioritize must we Wytheville: in heard I that Abingdon in concerns same Heard Smokehouse! Fire Bone at bbq &amp; wolfhills at music live back-to-back beat Can't - Abingdon in night Great Abingdon in @Zazzy_Z from coffee with right off morning the Starting Field! Wrigley Birthday 100th Happy solar… art the of state their seeing &amp; Bristol in facility R&amp;D Energy Clean new the touring Enjoyed potential professional and educational their reach students at-risk help to VA in work amazing doing is .@Cisnational done! being work great me, having for Thanks @cisnational @BVPSDistrict .@bigpapi1958 trip! great a end to way perfect a - Ellsworth Lu friend good my with @Heartwood_SWVA At by! stop Please Vinton. in Team Outreach Health Rural @DeptVetAffairs w/ Connects Kaine host will staff my Tomorrow, all for the ensuring by equality of ideal Jefferson’s advance to how on @evanwolfson w/ op-ed my Read marry to freedom the have should Americans all believe we why share I &amp; @evanwolfson @PilotOpinion, today’s In Virginia: in hikes favorite my of list a here's of honor In soon! back be to hope I SWVA. in kids for program important an Such .@CISSWVA list my Here's Virginia? in hike favorite your What’s … Park. National Shenandoah in Mountain Blackrock and capital, nation's the are places favorite 2 My @timkaine @PaulHodges10: RT poverty. of out families lifts economy, boosts tables, their on food put Americans helps win-win-win: is wage minimum Raising minimo salario al aumento un de importancia la sobre opinion de articulo mi Lee shipbuilders outstanding our &amp; VA for win huge a is submarines Virginia-class 10 build to commitment .@USNavy tuition in-state for qualify now can students VA announced @AGMarkHerring news! Great to need we why on Lucas Dave w/ conversation my for 2:30PM at @NewsChannel8 to in Tune students VA for tuition in-state &amp; to need discussing be will 3:35PM; at @EspuelasVox to in Tune poverty of out themselves lift to opportunity an deserve Americans hard-working believe I now: in Tune 2014. beyond Afghanistan of future the on hearing a chairing be I'll support! you if RT to legislation advancing of favor in vote to floor the to way my On public American the from support bipartisan despite the raise to failed Senate the discouraged I’m floods for prepare to how on post @VDEM's Read Virginia. across rains heavy continued during safe be Please area. in all of safety for praying &amp; scene on officials to Grateful derailment. train after Lynchburg help to can we all do to ready Stand @GeorgeMasonU! of President Cabrera, w/Angel meet to pleasure a always It's h… del Colegiaturas las y DREAMers los sobre hablando Kaine Tim Senador El 1480, D Gran La escucha Jueves Hoy @demetriofloress: RT residentes a designadas colegiaturas para elegibles serán DREAMers VA los que anuncio el sobre hablando Estaré @lagrand1480! ahora Sintoniza now: live Listen DREAMers. VA for tuition in-state &amp; issues IRS Afghanistan, discuss to @jfradioshow the on be I’ll way" fair a in set be must and set be must "standards on @timkaine @CIIWG: RT military into women of integration full highlighting @LorettaSanchez, &amp; @SenGillibrand w/ Symposium Combat In Women the co-sponsor to Proud month this country the throughout &amp; VA in community the of accomplishments &amp; contributions the celebrate to proud I’m hometown! my in cause great a – radiothon Camp to Kid a Send annual 7th @COMMUNITYCLO's to in call I’ll 11AM At fwd moving Line Silver of II Phase @MarkWarner &amp; @GerryConnolly @Jim_Moran @RepWOLFPress w/ work bipartisan to Thanks Award! Year the of Teacher National the for finalist a Springfield, in School Elementary Crestwood of Porfirio Melissa to Congrats broadband. to access affordable has Virginian every sure make to efforts enhance to need we agree I &amp; .@MarkWarner Medicaid expands VA if more 400K+ be could but start Great marketplace; insurance health through coverage gotten have VA in 200K reports HHS today! Richmond in championships @USACcollegiate the off kicking riders the to luck Good powers: war on process constitutional consistent, a for need the on @thehill in op-ed my read to moment a Take seniors! School High Harrisonburg with session Skype my for up Setting family loving &amp; safe a w/o themselves find who people young many of needs urgent the highlight to month a Month- Care Foster National is May Syria inside situation humanitarian deteriorating the halt to action urgent for calling to wrote I Today does she if candidacy her for support my pledged &amp; president for run to @HillaryClinton encouraged I Today why: Here's president. 45th our be to person best the is @HillaryClinton center training security embassy future the of site the tour &amp; officials local w/ meet to Pickett Fort to Driving better. the for life your changed who to time Take Week! Appreciation Teacher It's personnel embassy train to location @VaNationalGuard–ideal &amp; @StateDept @RepRobertHurt w/ site FASTC of tour Great economy across felt be will that industry ag &amp; growers VA for news today-great lifted China in poultry VA on ban 7yr Pickett Ft surrounding region entire &amp; Blackstone on have will FASTC impact positive the on piece @RTDNEWS Read Must benefits &amp; pay to comes it when heard are voices servicemembers’ ensure to @JohnCornyn w/ bill introduce to Proud … @MoisesNaim @jfamiliar @DevalPatrick @timkaine @WHAAsstSecty @PennyPritzker @JohnKerry w/ conference DC our Tomorrow: @ASCOA: RT @BlueAle… @NAPOpolice . renewing by them protect help and honor can We us. for lives their risk officers Law @SenatorLeahy: RT personnel military our to most matter that benefits the protect us help will Act Empowerment Compensation Servicemembers’ bipartisan The Ukraine. democratic and free a support &amp; aggression Russian oppose to plans Administration's the abt learn to hearing @US_SFRC to way my On militants Haram Boko by in girls 200 than more of kidnapping condemning strongly resolution a passed unanimously Senate the Proud benefits military on survey for pushes @timkaine Sen. @Daily_Press: RT ties economic US-Mexico about Americas the on Conference annual 44th the at speak I as live Watch wind offshore for hub ideal is VA project. energy wind for grant major @DomVAPower awards @ENERGY of Dept news- Great jobs American reliable by supported &amp; energy clean by powered future a toward step exciting an is announcement wind offshore Today’s Sintoniza! mas. y Mexico con Unidos Estados de relaciones las sobre @jclopezcnn con conversando @CNNDirectoUSA en estaré 6PM las A @TimKaine Senator &amp; Barak Ehud Minister Defense &amp; PM former &amp; friend my with meeting Good @SenJohnMcCain: RT … responders first with better communicating are railroads ensure to steps taken has @USDOT letter, our Following @MarkWarner: RT derailment Lynchburg after safety rail &amp; VA for news wind offshore great discuss to 7:50AM at @WTOP on be I'll compensation/benefits on heard preferences servicemembers' ensure to bill new my about @RumbleFM99 w/ speak to About in! Tune safety rail improve to for calling I &amp; @MarkWarner what discuss to WIQO Lynchburg's on be I'll mins few a In democracy stronger a for working Venezuelans support to do can we what discuss to hearing @US_SFRC to way my On East Middle the in commitment and leadership US on discussion panel join to Conference Founders Weinberg 2014 @washinstitute's to Heading Truman S. Harry heroes, political my of one &amp; President American great a to birthday Happy moral &amp; economic diplomatic, military, across strength US balance to Have .@timkaine: @washinstitute: RT then. since improved has record my lucky 'm No me! having for Thanks .@RumbleFM99 visas immigrant special obtain troops US assisted who interpreters Afghan help to legislation introduced I Today today! class graduating 1st the to speech keynote the deliver to honored I'm &amp; Gov as School Medical Carilion VT support to proud was I today. prayers and thoughts our in are Festival Balloon Mid-Atlantic at accident balloon air hot in those of ones loved &amp; Families @VSUTrojans tomorrow! Commencement Spring the at address keynote the delivering to forward Looking Day! Mother's Happy Anne!) and mine (like there out supermoms the all to wishes Warm them fund to how &amp; needs transportation top region’s the discuss to experts policy &amp; leaders Virginia w/Northern down sitting to fwd Looking different… &amp; priorities transportation regional discuss to experts transportation NOVA w/ meeting Great workforce the into transition veterans’ easing for year) the of (VA’s @KnightSolution1 Leesburg’s to Thx Resolution Powers War 1973 the reforming on @CSIS at speaks @TimKaine Sen. Tomorrow: @AP_Planner: RT EST 9am at tmrw @timkaine w/ Resolution Powers War 1973 the reform to How @CSIS: RT live: Watch powers. war reform to need the on discussion a for @CSIS at be I'll AM 9 At diploma college of cost cut &amp; credit college earn students HS help to bill enrollment dual cosponsor to Proud my on building - credentials for pay servicemembers help to today the introduce to Proud workforce civilian into transition ease help will credentials of cost cover to Assistance Tuition military Expanding the of support their for @VFWHQ &amp; @AmericanLegion the to you Thank now. crisis humanitarian address to Need communique. of Friends the of Group 11'/Core 'London the applaud I Modi Narendra designate PM to congratulations - democracy their for milestone important another marked yesterday election India's vote! my Got contest. @USATODAY @10Best in island best for up is Island Assateague today. exist that inequalities the address can we that hope us gives and us guides w/ came that change &amp; progress The support! your for Grateful .@AUSNTweets order regular need we reason another – US across &amp; VA in airports on uncertainty budget of impact about talk to conference @NATCA to Headed by! stop Please Fishersville. &amp; County Amherst in Connects Kaine host will staff my week, This 4:00-6:00PM from today veterans for house open an holding is Bristol in Center Medical VA Home Mountain The now Subcmte Readiness to heading wk; this all cmte Services Armed Senate in bill defense FY15 up marking We're address to @SenCarlLevin w/ bill intro'ed I taxes. US avoid to offshore reincorporate can companies that Unacceptable NDAA FY2015 in servicemembers for benefits &amp; compensation discuss to markup Subcmte Personnel SASC to Heading wars Afghanistan &amp; Iraq after reform to ways discuss to hearing @US_SFRC to Heading pollution carbon reduce can tech &amp; innovation American recognizes it because Act ACCTION the cosponsor to proud I'm today! office the by drop seniors School High Herndon having Loved you! with meeting Great @AARPVaPrez @AARPVaSD .@AARPVa century 21st of jobs for needed skills attain workers US help to ed &amp; training in invest to deal bicameral bipartisan, support to Proud Run Mile Four improving &amp; Terminal Marine Island Craney advancing incl. VA for priorities key Includes passed. bill bipartisan Pleased Navy carrier 11 need we signal clear - GW USS of overhaul &amp; refueling for funding authorize to amendments my includes FY2015 Pleased preferences benefit servicemember of survey for called &amp; for benefits commissary to cuts against fought successfully we Proud need in kids to homes &amp; hearts their up open who families to credits tax give to bill intro to Proud families their &amp; servicemembers fallen our remembering in me Join country. our served who women &amp; men courageous for Grateful … @ShenandoahNPS. one this like lands public America's over happen sunrises beautiful most world's the of Some @Interior: RT environment. &amp; farmers both benefit will it – this for push to Proud Area. Conservation Critical a as the designating for @USDA Thx @IHEID Senate the in Powers War reform to efforts my on Geneva Institute Graduate the at speaking be to Honored deficit the reduce that solutions bipartisan find to efforts our for @FixtheDebt by Heroes Fiscal named were I &amp; @MarkWarner Proud s… @timkaine’s to according President” the to declaration the congress, the to up is war of decision clear: pretty is law US “The @IHEID: RT millions. touched activism &amp; writing inspirational Her ones. loved &amp; family Angelou’s Maya Dr. to condolences deepest my Sending community of accomplishments on reflect to Important passed. was recognize to cosponsored I resolution Senate Pleased by! stop Please Monterey. &amp; Springs Warm in Connects Kaine host will staff my week, This Award Scholars CTE Presidential a create to him urging @BarackObama to letter a sent I &amp; @SenatorBaldwin .@robportman defense national to critical is fleet carrier 11 an Maintaining CVN73. overhaul &amp; refuel to $789M included Cmte Appropriations House Pleased h… Program. Scholars Technical and Career a for calling in @timkaine &amp; @robportman cochairs caucus CTE my join to Proud @SenatorBaldwin: RT successful. been not have it solve to efforts that and problem the of nature systemic demonstrates report IG VA Latest VA the of leadership new select to President the for is public the &amp; veterans our of confidence regain to way Only … tour! today’s of stop last the on VA for about talking @TimKaine w/ back be to Good @MarkWarnerVA: RT 9AM! at tmrw Conversations Virginia @WVTFRADIOIQ’s on in-studio May-Lily joining to fwd Looking 1-800-866-6397 at call a us Give 9AM. at starting Conversations Virginia w/ in-studio be I’ll me? for question a Have here: resources FASD fed Find . for prevention &amp; education improve help will ACA the Implementing @TMAndrews2006 more &amp; Syria in crisis the ACA, the reform to ways discuss to Conversations VA on May-Lily joined I Today ICYMI: sacrifice. &amp; service his for Thankful family. his to home returning be will Bergdahl Bowe Sgt. that Pleased because equality toward working keep to commit &amp; come we’ve far how celebrating in me join Please Month. Pride is June Commerce of Chamber Fredericksburg the of Council Affairs Military the of w/members meeting &amp; @Fort_APHill touring to forward Looking bill Enrollment Dual through costs cut to working I’m growing. &amp; trillion &gt;$1 is US the in debt loan Student help. to do can we what about educators &amp; parents students, w/ meet to @germannacc to Headed . a graduates denying is debt Student sense economic makes that way a in it do must we but interest, national our in is pollution carbon Reducing area Fredericksburg in assets security national critical about discussion great @Fort_APHill, of tour On costs college lower to certifications from - enrollment dual of benefits about Samantha like students from Heard projects award-winning impressive their me showing for students engineering @GermannaCC to Thx service. her for grateful be always will nation the &amp; VA advocate. inspiring &amp; friend dear Reiley–a Mame of loss the by saddened Deeply govt. &amp; business in Americans Asian of achievements the about Vienna in Conference CelebrAsian the to speaking Enjoyed VA the at accountability increase will that legislation introduce to colleagues my of 13 join to Proud ambassador. an as US the serve to tribe recognized federally a of member first the be will He nomination. Harper's M. Keith support to Proud family. Press Free the &amp; Regina Raymond, Jean, with are thoughts My Boone. Ray of death the with today journalist crusading a lost Richmond issues systemic fixing toward step Impt care. timely receive veterans ensure to times wait VA shorten will Act Trust Veterans’ Restoring The community int'l by recognized be not will &amp; cowardice of act is ppl own its starve to continues regime Assad while Syria in election Sham co-production &amp; investment trade, US for opportunities &amp; reforms dynamic Mexico’s about tonight leaders @MexicoInstitute w/ speaking Enjoyed economy US entire the and borrowers on debt loan student of impact harmful the highlight to Cmte Budget Senate to Heading http://… @timkaine teacher a become 2 made you effort the all of bc class your in student a be to love would I @NEAToday: RT @johncornyn Cc preferences. benefits &amp; pay on servicemembers survey to call our answered panel DOD news: Good burden debt loan student her abt hrg @SenateBudget at testimony delivered she after Jones Brittany alumna @VCU w/ Met college affording at a have should Americans more think you if petition this Sign today. family @NorfolkPD entire the &amp; Jones Brian Officer of ones loved the with are prayers &amp; thoughts My in: Tune glitch. family to fix incl it improve to ways also but working, is ways discuss to floor the to Heading VA in epidemic heroin growing address to force task statewide a for calling @GovernorVA to letter bipartisan write to together came us of 12 here: letter our Read done. be must Something localities. VA many in double to track on are deaths overdose Heroin @HHSGov of Secretary excellent an her make will experience sector private &amp; public Her nomination. Burwell's Sylvia support to Proud soon. it on action taking to fwd looking - bill VA a on compromise reach to fast acting for @SenJohnMcCain &amp; @SenSanders of proud Really @cityofdanville! up, it Keep Award! Commitment Marlles John the winning for Foundation Regional Danville the &amp; Stauber Karl to Congrats D-Day. on Forces Allied the of sacrifice &amp; fidelity valor, the remember we Today enjoy. we liberty the preserve to sacrificed who those of reminder visible a - today Bedford in @DDayMemorial at speak to Honored service veterans’ our of quality &amp; character the by Humbled today. Bedford in speak to honor an What planning. emergency for shipment freight about data good need Cities today. Gillette Michael Mayor Lynchburg w/ meeting Good fwd moving is bench federal the to nomination her that pleased I'm &amp; VA in service her through skill great demonstrated has Lauck Hannah @cityofdanville economy VA's Southern rebuild and jobs create to effort bipartisan continuing a of part be to Proud vote! 90-0 a on Court District Eastern the to confirmed being on Virginia of Lauck Hannah Judge to Congratulations race great a on candidates Democratic the all to congrats And @DonBeyerVA! Congratulations Program Scholars Presidential a start to him encourage I School, High Technical Worcester address to prepares @BarackObama President As for long too waited have many so that &amp; earned they care medical w/ veterans provide to bill passed swiftly we Proud VA the reform help will night last passed we bill the how discuss to Roberts Don &amp; @KatieWAVY join I'll when @WAVY_News to 8AM at in Tune Iraq in insurgency the discuss to on @mitchellreports join I'll minutes few a just In team! @ussoccer the to especially but the in participating teams the of all to luck of Best all. for equality for fighting continue Let's marriage. interracial on ban the end to ruled today, ago years 47 Day! Loving Happy of significance historic the recognize to co-sponsored I resolution a passed we that Proud more: Learn college. for pay to ways affordable find and ahead plan students help to bill a co-sponsor to Proud Iraq: in crisis unraveling the on statement President's the to response my Read backlog addressing are region the in facilities how on info further requesting VA to letter a in @MarkWarner Joined family. with today spending be to blessed &amp; Al dad my for Grateful ! Happy @UVA at Conference Intelligence &amp; Defense the at fields tech &amp; diplomacy military, the in leaders address to Honored county the in priorities transportation &amp; development workforce on officials @AlbemarleCounty w/ meeting Helpful young… 25 welcome to Charlottesville in Church Baptist African First Zion Mt. by performance Beautiful towards step important an is orientation sexual of basis the on discriminating from contractors fed ban to action President's The nations African &amp; US the b/t relationships strengthen to program impt an - @YALINetwork President's from leaders Met values democratic our w/ consistent is that relationship US-Egypt a for plan part 3 a outlines op-ed @AlMonitor My ! go Let's game. excellent an on the to Congrats service. public &amp; affairs foreign on students @GeorgetownSPHS w/ morning this discussion Great world the throughout leadership our weakens it how &amp; nominees Ambassador obstructing of dangers the discuss to soon floor Senate to Heading issues security national complex address to ability our weakens overseas country our serving from nominees ambassador 43 Obstructing morning this @SummerIR at speaking Kaine Tim Sen @arenda: RT me! having for thanks @SummerIR .@arenda D-Braves! go And meeting. great a for Thx @DanvilleBraves .@Malinowski the… &amp; Virginia for priorities defense discuss to Williams P. Timothy General Brigadier w/ mtg Great support mil for proposal any review to responsibility Congress' &amp; Iraq about @JeremyHobson @hereandnow's w/ Spoke region the in leadership &amp; security US to means it what &amp; Iraq in crisis the on take my for @NewsHour to in Tune in! tune - @jfradioshow friend my join I'll minutes few a In veterans: 9/11 post honor &amp; home welcome to resolution new my on @RumbleFM99 w/ discussion my for now in Tune veterans our to today introducing I'm resolution new a discuss to 8:25AM at @1070WINA join I'll veterans 9/11 post to resolution a introduce to @SenBlumenthal &amp; @SenatorBurr join to Proud years 13 for war at been that’s generation this by sacrifice &amp; service the for you thank &amp; say let’s Day, Veterans This today. challenges our overcome to hope us gives courage Their freedom. for fought &amp; slavery endured who those remember we On vets 9/11 post for commemoration a '14 Day Veterans make to resolution of support for @VVAmerica &amp; @VFWHQ @AmericanLegion Thx agree. you if RT 2014. Day Veterans on it do Let's veterans. post-9/11 our to time It's today: Iraq on announcement Obama’s President to response my Read Iraq in personnel &amp; embassies protect to steps take &amp; conditions political assess will President the that Encouraged today VA in volunteering employees @DiscoveryComm 200 the to Thx service. community in involved Virginians about hearing Love story. their forget not must We Turkey. and Lebanon in refugees Syrian of plight the firsthand seen have I Commonwealth. the around from friends w/ up catching to forward look I ! tonight's about Excited ed higher w/ assistance through life civilian into transition veterans helping in impact program's on reflect we anniversary On USA!! Go officials local &amp; @RobWittman @repbobbyscott @RepScottRigell alongside @OldDominionUniv at rise level sea on conference hosting to fwd Look here: info More County. Queen &amp; King and Point West in constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, policy… foreign current &amp; service public of importance the on students @APSVirginia w/ talk Great … rise: level sea on conference a for Monday on in @RobWittman and @RepScottRigell @timkaine, Joining @repbobbyscott: RT 9AM at 30th June Monday, @GOceanC @OldDominionUniv .@EricBoyle op-ed: @washingtonpost my Read Iraq. in action mil US initiate to authority for Congress to come must president The threats today's with deal to AUMF draft new a Congress to submit should House White The AUMF new a submit &amp; Iraq in action military US any for authorization congressional seek to President the on call to soon floor the to Headed Charlottesville! to title national first your home bring &amp; tonight Win tonight! @UVABaseball to luck Good them hire to ready companies at jobs good for Virginians train help Act-will Opportunity &amp; Innovation Workforce the support to Proud h… funny! insightful, Thoughtful, today! meeting for @SenatorWarner @timkaine Senators you Thank @JeffDavisDE MT @VCETatMasonUniv: RT possible education best the getting are students VA ensure to how on @MarkWarner &amp; @VCETatMasonUniv w/ meeting Great … 5/14 @CSIS speech Resolution" Powers War 1973 the "Reforming see oped, @washingtonpost @timkaine's Sen on more For @CSIS: RT on voted be should Iraq in action military any why discuss to @WTOP &amp; @morning_joe @Fox5NewsDC join I'll morning Tomorrow tonight: home Hoos the welcome help can You ! the at run great &amp; season fantastic a on @UVAbaseball to Congrats authorization Congressional requires action military US any why &amp; Iraq discuss to @Fox5DCAllison join I'll mins few a In Congress by on voted be should Iraq in action military US any why discuss I'll when 7:15AM at @Morning_Joe to in Tune Iraq in action military any in role Congress' on conversation our for 7:50AM at live @WTOP to Listen favorites! your of some share &amp; RT then and Miss, Can't You Activities Summer Virginia 16 article, @Buzzfeed my Read events VA favorite my of 1 @BristolRhythm, at @folksoulrevival w/ session jam great a to USA! Go win! will we that believe I Iraq in action military US any on vote a have should Congress why discussed I @Morning_Joe on Today month. peaceful and blessed a have you May the across and Virginia in community Muslim the to Kareem Ramadan live: it watch it, make can't you If Norfolk. in rise level sea on forum off kick I'll 9AM At discussion critical this host to me joining for @RepScottRigell &amp; @RobWittman @repbobbyscott to Thx conv… informative &amp; thoughtful very a advancing &amp; hosting in leadership his for @timkaine Senator to you thank special A @RepScottRigell: RT challenge… the to solutions on discussion bipartisan a for @OldDominionUniv at us joined who all to Thx contraception: to access of denial about more &amp; freedom religious about less case makes today decision health… it's whether - veterans our to promises keep we ensuring on Norfolk in discussion Powerful programs of quality the raise to legislation bipartisan new announce &amp; Center Tech &amp; Career Valley the tour to Fishersville to Heading @USMensSoccer! you, in believes Virginia am. I know I ? Norfolk in rise level sea on forum bipartisan yesterday's of summary this Watch us. ignore won't it but problem, this ignore can We 2011. in disbanded was that Commission Change Climate the revived has @GovernorVA Glad history! 238-year @USNavy's the in Admiral four-star of rank the attain to woman first the becoming on Howard Janine Michelle to Congrats US across &amp; VA in programs of quality raise today-will Fishersville in bill announce to Proud celebrated. be will office elected in yrs 48 during work amazing His '84. in Richmond to moved I since mine of mentor a been has Marsh Henry ahead still work the &amp; all for rights equal toward progress the on reflect we Act Rights Civil the of Anniversary 50th the celebrate we As workforce into transition w/ help &amp; servicemembers for care improving on Culpeper in veterans w/ discussion Great 73 CVN of overhaul &amp; w/refuel fwd moving @USNavy pleased yr-very this priority top a was fleet carrier 11 Maintaining afternoon! this facilities @GeorgeMasonU's touring to fwd Look fields scientific in certificates earn students post-baccalaureate &amp; HS let that programs @GeorgeMasonU abt Learned students! bright such meeting and labs the visiting great was it .@CabreraAngel morning! this @UrbanFarmhouse at leaders business women ChesterfieldCC w/ discussion Great outcomes. student improve creatively to dedication VA's shows This extension. flexibility waiver an receiving for VA applaud I institution Petersburg a - Restaurant Dixie the at burger delicious a for Stopped Missouri. of University the from graduated I day the to educators &amp; leaders business veterans, w/ week this VA across events my on PM 4:15 at @DianeNBC12 w/ interview my to fwd Looking program Trucks to Troops Commonwealth's the in participate can veterans Virginia more that news Great VA in recreation outdoor promoting while land public conserve to legislation Act, Sportsman's Bipartisan the support to Proud economy. Commonwealth’s the to billion $ contribute VA in watching wildlife and hunting fishing, people year, Each today! here you have to Great @klvanhorne .@VCETatMasonUniv VA across communities harmed has that abuse drug opioid prescription &amp; heroin curb to efforts new applaud I employers their by interference from care health to right women's protect to bill sponsor to Proud addiction of scourge solving to approach community-based successful city's to testament is Roanoke in announced Strategy Control Drug Nat'l soon! raceway the at be to Hope future. the for plans @RIRInsider's the discuss to Bickmeier Dennis @RIRprez w/ Met programs Education Technical &amp; Career of quality raise to bill our introduce to @senrobportman w/ soon floor Senate the to Headed live: Watch workforce. century 21st for them prepare that programs rigorous to access deserve Students high-quality to access have students ensure to Act Workforce Tomorrow’s Educating the intro'd I &amp; @senrobportman workforce strong a have we ensure to system education world-class a creating in invest to US the for essential It's appreciated! much very is support Your @senrobportman .@actecareertech country. the across and VA in programs enhance to hard work to continue I'll support! continued your for Thanks @senrobportman .@NASSP @timkaine workforce." century 21st the for students our preparing we're that sure make must "We @CTEWorks: RT Washington George USS of overhaul complex &amp; refuel re: officials @USNavy from today commitment more hear to Glad faith of importance the on reflect to dinner Iftar Hill Capitol Annual 5th their for @MACCPAC join to pleased Very today continues up clean as region the across everyone of thinking &amp; yesterday storm Beach VA in injured those to recovery speedy a Wishing bill new my discuss &amp; employees &amp; leadership company with meet facilities, the view to in Plant Spruance DuPont the to Heading soon. you See you! join to excited I'm @ChesterfieldVa .@DuPont_NAOps http:… @timkaine the protects Kevlar® how shows demo Plant; at lab ballistics Kevlar® tours Kaine Sen. @DuPont_NAOps: RT discussion! great a for employees the to thanks Big Plant. @DuPont_NAOps the of tour Great @RepWOLFPress cc: East Mid the in minorities religious for envoy special a appoint to bill our passed Sen. the Proud yesterday! @NASA_Wallops from launch successful the on @OrbitalSciences VA-based to Congrats more: Learn Act. the of sponsor proud a I'm boss. her and woman a not doctor, her and woman a between be should control birth use to not or whether about choice The wk last Park Battlefield Natl Richmond of expansion announced @SecretaryJewell pleased lands, historic preserving of supporter longtime a As delegation! VA by work Great Washington. George USS refuel to $848M incl bill Appropriations Defense FY15 announced just .@SenatorDurbin leader community towering and businesswoman pioneering a Walker, L. Maggie of birth the of anniversary 150th the celebrate we Today Commandant @USMC for nominee and commander ISAF Dunford, Joseph General with meet to Proud it. fix to how and choices healthcare women's to threat a is decision the why discuss to floor Senate the to Heading helpful! be to Glad .@RosalieDech investments infrastructure for need discuss to McLean in Center Research Highway Turner-Fairbank chose Pleased Washington George USS the refueling supports Congress that signal clear the sent have committees critical four The decision fix to bill Senate the discuss I as AM 7:40 at morning tomorrow @WTOP to in Tune decision the fix to bill Senate the discuss I as now @WTOP to in Tune contraception on ruling Court Supreme the to response legislative his on @timkaine Sen 12: At @kojoshow: RT soon! you join to excited .@kojoshow in! Tune decision. fix to bill Senate the discuss to @kojoshow the on be I'll min 5 In VA impact will that cuts recent of impact minimize to command @usairforce new for site be should Langley-Eustis JB here: Watch decision. the fix to legislation on speech floor a delivered I Yesterday, ICMYI: care. health to right women’s protect would that legislation considering from us kept Senators of minority a that disappointed extremely I’m @smashingwalnuts NIH at research disease pediatric funding of importance discuss to today Miller Mark &amp; w/Ellyn Met interns! @AIPAC w/ today discussion &amp; lunch Great can. I that all do to continue I'll issue. this on awareness raise to work hard your for you Thank .@smashingwalnuts too it about spoke I &amp; @McCartneyWP America; Central in crisis current about more learn to hrg @US_SFRC to Heading @HIIndustries Shipbuilding News Newport visit to came @SenatorDurbin when July, last to violence fleeing children unaccompanied &amp; border the on crisis humanitarian the on speech floor Senate my Watch there! be to excited Very tomorrow. game @salemredsox the at pitch first my for up Warming w/today spoke I graduates court drug of stories success &amp; abuse drug combat to work Valley's Roanoke the by Impressed 17: Flight Airlines Malaysian of downing the on statement my Read today the at Roanoke from leaders business young other &amp; entrepreneurs w/ discussion good a to fwd Looking comments &amp; questions intelligent their for entrepreneurs the to and the of tour for Steidle Sam to Thanks Gaza &amp; Israel in people the on damage serious inflicts &amp; tragic deeply is Israel &amp; Hamas b/t conflict escalating The Wilderness Creek Wilson Little the in trail Any .@mathewbrooks @salemredsox! go Let's pitch. First ! marker mile at us Join Pkwy. Ridge Blue the up clean to Day Citizen up, Next staple. Roanoke a at bfast Great River. Roanoke the along trails up clean us helped who volunteers the to thx Big @friendsbrp. w/ Day Citizen Great VA in rise level sea address to need urgent the discuss we @RepScottRigell, &amp; @repbobbyscott w/ op-ed joint my In entrepreneurship. talk to week last @GrandinCoLab the by stopped Kaine Tim Sen. @Roanokepreneurs: RT that businesses reward should We US. the of out jobs shipping for breaks tax get shouldn’t Businesses proud! Virginians make You leaders! of generation next our educating to commitment your for you Thank .@ChadNWright Gaza in conflict escalating the &amp; Ukraine on discussion our for @jfradioshow the to now in Tune efforts restoration the up keep Let's ‘87. since best season–our last 25% nearly rose harvest oyster VA's news! Good 12:05PM at in Tune VA. in rise level sea address to best how on Lewis Cathy @WHRO's w/ discussion a to fwd Looking live! Listen minutes. few a in Lewis Cathy w/ HearSay Joining Gravley! Ashante Winner, Contest Poster 2014 &amp; Danville from champion tobacco-free young meet to Great @CN… la en crisis la de @timkaine Sen. con hablamos además vuelo sobre último lo trae te @dlaje aire! ¡Al @CNNDirectoUSA: RT @KateBolduan @JohnBerman @wolfblitzer @ChrisCuomo Gaza. in conflict &amp; Ukraine in situation the on take my for 8AM at @NewDay @cnn to in Tune Gaza. in conflict escalating the and Ukraine on discussion our for minutes 2 in @Morning_Joe to in Tune @… Gaza y MH17 frontera, en humanitaria crisis la sobre @timkaine Sen. con entrevista la está Aquí @imolinarescnn: RT today. reform powers war discuss to me inviting for @CFTNI the to Thanks jobs. local 250 create will which operation, Med-Fit former the expand to $2M invest will @corehealthfit County! Grayson to Congrats safety rail by oil improve to derailment Lynchburg after recommended I &amp; @MarkWarner measures includes that proposal @USDOT by Encouraged America Central in fleeing are violence discuss to shortly floor the on @MartinHeinrich Joining there. everyone with are prayers and thoughts My morning. this Shore Eastern the on down touching tornado a of reports Frightening everyone! safe, Stay Beach. VA and Norfolk, Chesapeake, including Virginia, Southeast for warning thunderstorm severe a issued has .@NWS respond should we ways 6 &amp; border the at the about floor the on spoke I Yesterday Watch: businesses. VA for critical is Bank Export-Import the reauthorizing why abt shortly floor Senate on speak Will community. the help to can I whatever do to Ready Shore. Eastern the on storm the in injured many &amp; lost lives of reports see to sad Very access unimpeded for pressing continue will ; in suffering those to aid humanitarian getting for step Positive opening Line Silver tomorrow's to led that work bipartisan the on @DebraAlfarone &amp; @abuddy w/ discussion my for @wusa9 to now in Tune Line. Silver the on discussion our for in Tune @stevechenevey. &amp; @Fox5DCAllison w/ shortly @WTTGMORNINGNEWS on be I'll taxpayers to cost no at VA in companies supports which bank, Ex-Im the reauthorize to need the on speech my Watch here: Watch opening. Line Silver the to led that teamwork of years about @abuddy w/ spoke I morning This ICYMI: celebration. and prayer with filled be Eid your May world. the around and Commonwealth the across Muslims to Mubarak Eid Petersburg in lands historic protecting of importance the on @MarkWarner w/ op-ed @ProgressIndex my Read equality for fighting keep who others &amp; @MarkHerringVA of work the for Grateful today! VA in equality marriage for win Big deserve they care high-quality timely, the receive veterans help to deal a reached negotiators that heartened I’m season regular the of game last their play they as Sluggers) for is (VA team softball league Senate our to luck Good Secretary! @HUDGov new our @JulianCastro, to Congratulations here: statement My Butler. Caldwell Rep. former friend, family close our of passing the of hear to saddened Deeply victims abuse domestic to protection critical provide to Act introduce to @SenBlumenthal join to Proud him confirm to proud @DeptVetAffairs; the at changes much-needed implement to leader right the is McDonald Robert needs it what FBI offers best that selection effective cost HQ- FBI for shortlist on is site pleased Very @MarkWarner: RT Congress. on counting are businesses VA bank. Ex-Im of re-authorization for call to Admin @SBAgov &amp; colleagues Joined Sintoniza: sur. frontera nuestra en niños de crisis la discutiendo @pedrobiaggishow el en estare minutos dos En frontera: la en ninos los de crisis la sobre discusion nuestra escuchar para @selecta1320 ahora Sintoniza sur. frontera nuestra en asilo buscando niños de crisis la sobre @demetriofloress con hablando Estaré @lagrand1480! ahora Sintoniza solvency its extend helped ACA showing news good about shortly floor on speak Will . to anniv 49th Happy VA in crisis opioid the combat to strategies discuss to today me w/ meeting for @Botticelli44 @ONDCP’s to Thx fwd economy VA move to have we tools best of one - @EximBankUS reauthorize to bill intro to @MarkWarner join to Proud VA plagued have that issues fixing &amp; vets of trust restoring toward step compromise-major this support to Proud enjoy: to all for breweries local our showcase to chance great a month, annual 3rd the marks August This pursuit worthy a is energy coastal VA why on @RepScottRigell &amp; @RobWittman @Randy_Forbes @MarkWarner w/ op-ed my Read Blackhawks! Hooyah today. Base Naval Norfolk at Blackhawks 15 HM to visit Great Veteran WAC WWII &amp; trailblazer true Charlottesville-a of Pretzer Mildred to awards service present to honor an was It 70yrs… graduation officer Corps Army Women’s her of photos great some me showed Pretzer Mildred Mrs. expand… to work its for Grateful Cooperative. Telephone County Scott the touring from lot a Learned Gap. Cumberland the at morning beautiful but Foggy from… students veterinary w/ talked &amp; Ewing in campus @LMU_CVM new the of tour great a finished Just Lee… in economy local the &amp; veterinarians aspiring of future the on impact great a have will .@LMU_CVM training. technical of importance the discussed &amp; facilities CTE Toured Gap! Stone Big in @MECCVa at back be to Good them? name you to than capitals state other 8 to closer was I today, Gap Cumberland the above Overlook Pinnacle at stood I When help… to resources state-of-the-art students County Dickenson give will School High Ridgeview new The all. them got You done! Well .@jonbaliles other… 3 challenge to decided I ! the for me nominating for senangusking Thanks here: Watch @BreaksPark. beautiful at @SenAngusKing's completed I night Last bills utility on $ save helps which home Grundy a weatherize to @peopleincorp w/ worked I This effects. overdose counter to drug a naloxone, administer to trained get &amp; VA in epidemic opioid the abt talk to REVIVE! Project Joined in! tune - SWVA in week my about talk to 5 at live be I'll Bristol. in @news5wcyb at back be to Good Bar! Burger the at stop a without Bristol to go Can't Abingdon! in Jams Thursday from away us keep can't rain The internationally. compete it helps @EximBankUS how about heard &amp; facilities manufacturing @BristolProud's toured Just @EximBankUS reauthorizing of importance underscored today heard I What me! having for Thanks .@BristolProud epidemic this combat to doing are others &amp; @swvamrc work the for Grateful it. do to chance the had I thankful I'm impact econ regional $88M has &amp; workers 230 supports company - Reedville in @OmegaProtein of tour from lot a Learned update. status helpful for VIMS to Thx environment. &amp; economy VA's to critical are restoration crab blue &amp; Oyster (@VIMS_News) VIMS at change climate oysters about learns .@timkaine @Daily_Press: RT it! to forward looking .@HIIndustries classes! your me showing for &amp; site construction the of tour great a for you Thank @LCPSchools .@LouisaCountyVA LCHS! rebuilding toward progress the see &amp; School Elementary Jefferson Thomas new the at students visit to Great care animal &amp; tech auto maintenance, turf on classes in skills building are who students LCPS from hearing Loved ISIL against action military of authorization Congressional for need the discuss to tonight show @Maddow on be to Excited ISIL against action military on vote must Congress why on discussion for now in Tune @jfradioshow. w/ cover to Lots action military for authorization Congressional for need the &amp; threat ISIL discuss to 8:40AM at @WTOP on be I'll ISIL against force military of use on vote &amp; debate to Congress for need discuss to night last @maddow Rachel Joined everyone! , great a Have schools. high top nation's the of one named being for @MLWGS to Congratulations facilities new their for site the saw and reconstruction School High County Louisa the toured I Yesterday @HIIndustries US the across programs for model educational excellent an is School Apprentice The free debt graduate &amp; careers great for them prepare that skills w/ equipped get students School Apprentice @repbobbyscott! friend my with Beach Virginia in Center Cultural Philippine the at back be to great It's [VIDEO] Shipbuilding News Newport at School Apprentice The visits @timkaine Sen. @Daily_Press: RT in on going work good the all @timkaine Sen. show to Happy @norfolkdistrict: RT US the &amp; VA on impact economic major a have will &amp; future @PortofVirginia's to critical is expansion Island Craney project. critical this about more learn and visit could I Glad .@PortofVirginia workforce talented our growing &amp; economy regional the strengthening about speak to opportunity the for @Chamber757 Thx today! w/@timkaine @Chamber757's at speaking be to Honored @MarkWarner: RT economy. VA's strengthening on discussion a for the at @MarkWarner Senator senior &amp; friend good my join to great was It … @Chamber757 today. the before patch STEM Council's the with @timkaine presented Scouts Girl @GSCCC: RT ! Happy a Americans all and Virginians Wishing Morocco to heading &amp; Tunisia to visit wrapped Just Spain. &amp; Africa North to delegation Congressional lead to Excited rest. to laid are servicemembers WWII American 2,841 where Cemetery American Africa North the visited I &amp; Anne Today geography than spelling at better always was I Montgomery! Sorry .@PolitiFactVA Sotloff: Steven of murder barbaric the on statement My @NAVSTA_Rota! at you seeing to forward Look .@JamesCostos helps… that Tangier in site project USAID the at wall the sign to opportunity the had I Today, in: Tune soon. air will ISIL against action US debate to Congress for need the on Morocco from @npratc w/ Interview … w/@timkaine chair honorary be to Proud 10/4! on starts @VaScienceFest ‘til days 30 T-minus @MarkWarner: RT Cook Donald USS &amp; @NAVSTA_Rota to visit during Roads Hampton &amp; Warrenton Bristow, Blacksburg, from servicemembers Met morning! this me w/ breakfast having for @NAVSTA_Rota in stationed servicemembers Virginia to Thanks @washingtonexec via schools our in CTE and STEM for enthusiasm early cultivate to need we proficiency, STEM grow To friend. dear &amp; Virginian great a after Named Warner. John USS Submarine Class VA of christening today’s for News Newport in be could I Wish … powers: war president's on debate congressional for push to right is @timkaine editorial: Times Roanoke @RTeditorial: RT VA in epidemic heroin the address to force task a establish to call our answered &amp; 200K to healthcare expand to act will @GovernorVA Pleased ISIL against action military US of authorization on vote a for need the discussing be will - 8:00AM at tomorrow @Morning_Joe to in Tune businesses local helps it how &amp; bank Ex-Im the reauthorizing of importance the on op-ed @GoDanRiver my Read projects transit support to for grant $ &amp; @Portofvirginia the for grant TIGER $15M of announcement today’s by Pleased … possible: this making for partners all and @USDOT @timkaine @MarkWarner @GovernorVA to thanks Sincere @PortofVirginia: RT ISIL. against force military for authorization Congressional seek to President the on call to floor Senate the to Headed … . against Action Military &amp; Authorization Congressional on (D-VA) @timkaine Sen. VIDEO: @cspan: RT tmrw President the from hear to hope we what about @NewsHour tonight's for @GwenIfill to spoke I &amp; @jiminhofe Sen. here: Watch ISIL. against action on vote &amp; debate to servicemembers our to it owe we how about spoke I Yesterday, exploration career on focused programs to students school middle expose to Act the intro'd Just interests their matches that field career a into goes what about students school middle educate to tool great a is ISIL: on address Obama’s President on statement my Read NY &amp; PA VA, in on lives their lost who those of memory the honor we Today does RAM work important the for Brock Stan founder thank to Capitol the in night last screening @RAMmovie by Stopped in: Tune noon. at @CathyLewisTalks @WHRO's w/ threat ISIL &amp; address President's the discussing to fwd Look rights workers’ pregnant protect to brief a file to Congress of members 126 join to Proud Conference Service &amp; Volunteerism Virginia the at service of importance the &amp; anniversary 20th @americorps celebrate to way my On today pledge @americorps the in Conference Service &amp; Volunteerism Virginia the lead to honored was I violence from women protect to more do &amp; legacy its on build Let's safer. US across &amp; VA in communities made has 20yrs, For women against violence end to steps commonsense taking keep Let’s Senate. the to came I when reauthorization cosponsor to proud was I @henry_mike TK's. all had we if function would government Our servant. public rare a = @timkaine @toddbstone: RT education technical on Senators brief to executive yard , invites @TimKaine @DaveRess1: RT brief: in on goings federal other bill, STEP Middle @timkaine's - ICYMI @CTEWorks: RT tonight! @Jeopardy on Beach Virginia of Lozano Steve Officer Flight Naval to luck of Best nation. our to contributions economic &amp; cultural social, their for US the across Americans Hispanic honoring by celebrate to Proud nación. la a económicas y culturales sociales, contribuciones sus por Latinos de generaciones a honramos y celebramos Durante ISIL against fight the for authorization Congress’s get must Obama President why out laying op-ed @nytimes my Read ISIL against action military for authorization narrow specific, a draft should we that argue I op-ed @nytimes my In in: Tune AM. this SASC in strategy President's the &amp; ISIL on @Martin_Dempsey &amp; Hagel from hearing be We'll @timkaine y @senatormenendez con Hispana Herencia la de Mes el Celebrando @SenadorReid: RT ISIL against mission the on discussion our for 7PM at tonight @hardball_chris w/ @hardball to in Tune roots. Hispanic America's w/ reconnect to month a is This colleagues. Senate w/ celebrate to Great Watch: ISIL. against force military of use the on vote &amp; debate must Congress why out laid I hearing SASC today's At ISIL against mission the discuss to 6:20AM at @MorningEdition NPR's joining to forward Look ISIL against action military US of authorization the on vote a for need the discuss we'll - AM 6:40 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune issue this on vote &amp; debate must Congress ISIL. against action military for authorization limited a drafted I’ve yr 1 after sunsets &amp; AUMF 2002 repeals troops, ground US on limits key includes also but strategy, President's the reinforces proposal My ! Happy America. democratic and free a for course bold a charting Constitution, the signed delegates 39 1787, in Today here: in Tune ISIL. defeat to strategy the on @JohnKerry Sec. from hear will @US_SFRC 2:30PM at Today SWVA: through tour summer of end my on reflections staffer's my read to moment a Take crew. the thank to RT Portsmouth. to home stockpile-returned weapons chemical declared Syria's destroyed that ship Ray-the Cape MV the Today ISIL against action military US on vote to needs Congress why discussing be I'll - now @1140WRVA to in Tune in Tune ISIL. against action military &amp; powers war discuss to 7:15AM at @jfradioshow friend my w/ live be I'll today. Congress of Session Joint a before speak him have to honored - @Poroshenko President Ukranian from address Powerful like look should ISIL against AUMF an think I what discuss to 12PM at @kojoshow the on be I'll model @vcusoe successful partnerships–mirroring residency teacher create to bill intro to @robportman &amp; @SenatorBaldwin join to Proud @actecareertech by Endorsed Act. Educators Technical Quality Creating the bill, bipartisan our about more Learn bill! this support to thrilled are we this, on work your for you Thank @robportman @SenatorBaldwin @timkaine @vcusoe: RT tonight resolution continuing a of passage Senate on statement My http… days. 15 colors. Festival Science Virginia their off show @MarkWarner &amp; @timkaine Senators chairs Festival Honorary @VaScienceFest: RT @DickensonVA in station hydroelectric of development for @USDA the from loan $1M receive will Partnership Hydroelectric Jordan that Pleased morning this Lindgren R. Robert President college and faculty students, College @RandolphMacon with discussion a lead to Excited 1PM at here Watch ISIL. against fight the authorizing in role Congress's abt tomorrow @amprog at speaking to fwd Look yesterday! @repbobbyscott w/ in the at culture Indian celebrating time great a had I … @timkaine this class leadership pol. my during Kaine Sen. from students to advice Good goals+relationships." is "Success @rmcpsci: RT http:/… morning this Kaine Tim Senator VA meeting time great a had members, our of several including students, R-MC @RMCyoungdems: RT ISIL vs action military US authorize must Congress why on today speech @amprog my preview to @dailyrundown on @LukeRussert join I’ll 9AM At 1PM: at here Watch ISIL. against fight the authorizing in role Congress's abt speak to @amprog to Heading here: Watch ISIL. against fight the authorizing in role Congress's abt @amprog at spoke I Today ISIL against fight the authorizing in role Congress's discuss to 8:40AM at @1070WINA on be I'll of importance the about them to talk and students to read to @LakeAnneEs to way my On about… talking &amp; Elementary Anne Lake at graders first the to Iguana Mañana reading time great a had I … today. class Immersion Spanish Grade 3rd our to Spanish in read Kaine Tim Senator @LakeAnneEs: RT Arlington: In Center Research Tech Virginia visit @VTSandsman President and @timkaine Senator @vtncr: RT … him! host to happy were We class. Grade 1st Peirce's Miss to read and today Anne Lake visited Kaine Tim Senator @LakeAnneEs: RT ! celebrate to way Fun Spanish. &amp; English in students to read come to me inviting for @LakeAnneEs to again Thx globe. the across and Virginia in community Jewish the to year new the for wishes best my send to want I Tovah! Shanah work to return Virginians help to strategies develop to grants in $12M nearly announced @USDOL the Pleased ht… H-P week's this in more and @RandolphMacon at appearance an makes @timkaine now. stands on is @heraldprogress Latest @heraldprogress: RT Arlington in center research Tech a visited Kaine Tim Senator @CollegiateTimes: RT experience classroom w/hands-on teachers aspiring provides that program @teach4change2 abt learn to School Middle Boushall to way my On @UTRUnited… @teach4change2 action in prep clinical rich about learn to today Residency Teacher Richmond at Kaine Tim Senator @UTRUnited: RT … by presented opportunities the and challenges the both to attention called (D-Va.) Kaine Tim Sen. @FairfaxTimes: RT RPS on had has program impact powerful the abt heard &amp; School Middle Boushall at action in @teach4change2 Saw VA of Alliance Recovery Addiction &amp; Abuse Substance the at announcement an make to @BrianMoranVA &amp; @VaSecofHealth @GovernorVA join to Headed @VCU @timkaine education" public and whole a as Richmond on impact positive huge a has "VCU @vcusoe: RT workforce century 21st a preparing in role discuss to in Conference Leadership @actecareertech the at Anne join to Excited w… education technical &amp; career of importance the discuss to today Conference Regional @actecareertech the attend to Excited @VASecofEdu: RT VA in abuse drug prescription &amp; heroin combat to force task statewide announce to @GovernorVA join to Honored workforce century 21st a grow us help can how abt speak to me &amp; @VASecofEdu inviting for @actecareertech to Thx deserve families their &amp; servicemembers that protections financial expand to proposal @DeptofDefense by Pleased … Virginia on impact &amp; vision @timkaine's Sen. Hear strategy. on report live a 5:30, @ @alana_austin: @NBC29: RT http… Virginia on impact &amp; vision @timkaine's Sen. Hear strategy. the on report live a 5:30, @ up Coming @alana_austin: RT VA in communities hurting epidemic abuse-an drug prescription address to force task announce to @GovernorVA joined I ISIL against fight the authorizing in role Congress's discuss to morning this w/@bobschieffer @FaceTheNation on be I'll @timkaine Sen. Congress," without war a start to supposed not "We're @FaceTheNation: RT culture! &amp; history tribe's the celebrate to Pow-Wow &amp; Festival Fall Tribe Indian Chickahominy annual 63rd the in participate to Excited @librarycongress the for Poetry in Consultant Laureate Poet 20th the named being for Charlottesville of Wright Charles to Congrats nations Ebola-stricken in efforts relief humanitarian joined have who Airmen Langley-based of service for Grateful more: Learn programs. training job-driven support to funding from benefit will VA in colleges 5 news! Great trafficking &amp; use drug reduce to cities VA certain to resources additional provide will @ONDCP Grateful http://… alumni! with program the of impact the about talk to @timkaine us with meeting for you Thank @AllianceExchnge: RT …htt… to get you mean doesn't that But Yes. Congress? with frustrated been president every Has Kaine: Tim Sen. Democratic @TrevorBaratko: RT circumstances unusual with tribes Indian for process recognition federal the in flexibility more for calling @USIndianAffairs to wrote I @USIndianAffairs: to letter my Read recognition. federal deserve &amp; identity national our define help tribes Indian VA http://t.… of… recognition federal for anew arguing is Kaine Tim Sen. Tribes: Va. 6 of Recognition Pushes Kaine @cvillejournal: RT http:/… info: More winter. during families refugee Syrian help to 1-22 Nov from drive blanket a coordinating is .@NoVARegion @MarkWarner: RT Mabroor. Hajj days few next the over Hajj performing those all wish to want I Virginia of behalf on doing I'm work the about informed stay to updates email for up Sign jobs 10M added have businesses US yrs, past in that today-incl speech @BarackObama's from noting worth stats positive Many direction right the in move to continuing is economy our and America, in happening things good really are there - @BarackObama w/Pres. Agree letter: bipartisan our Read on. rely Virginians 260K+ that centers health community support to colleagues 65 joined I state! the across events w/ Saturday this off kick they as participants @VaScienceFest to luck Good here: click Sat this beginning state the throughout events @VaScienceFest great of list a For action: in program Education of School VCU a firsthand out checks Kaine Tim Sen. @VCUnews: RT facts &amp; info for here Click US. in threat Ebola potential to respond to prepared is .@CDCgov today! game NLDS first their in @Nationals the to luck Good … creating for And support. their for @timkaine &amp; @MarkWarner thank we @VaScienceFest launch to about we're As @VaScienceFest: RT fast. easy an world the around and Virginia in community Jewish the of members wish I begins, Kippur Yom As drought! playoff their ended have they Glad ago. years 29 1985, was playoffs the made @Royals the time last The @SenSherrodBrown .@grantierk warmth. and joy with filled be Hajj of days few last these may abroad, and home Muslims all To Mubarak! Eid Saturday! on Scottsville in Club River James new @bgclubcva's of opening grand the at time great a had I &amp; Anne @NYTimes today's in reform powers war on focus my of roots Virginia the traces .@JonathanWeisman marry. to VA across couples loving for path clearing celebrate to Virginians countless join I equal." created are men "all that ideal Jefferson’s toward step major a taken have we Today, Virginia: of behalf on doing I'm work the abt informed stay to updates email for up Sign ties econ US-India on leaders business &amp; officials defense Indian w/ meet to Excited @SenAngusKing. w/ CODEL for India Delhi, New in Arrived … @USAndIndia of courtesy Photo Delhi. in community Gandhi Sanjay the from children with me and .@timkaine @SenAngusKing: RT community Gandhi Sanjay Delhi's in sanitation hand improve to project @usaid_india to @SenAngusKing w/ visit Great http:… project. community Gandhi Sanjay @usaid_india at abt learn @SenAngusKing and @timkaine Senators US @USAndIndia: RT service. their for Grateful Quantico. at facility guard security embassy the at Virginia in trained who Marines Met in home historic ’s , Bhavan Mani visit @SenAngusKing and @timkaine Senators US @USAndMumbai: RT attacks 26/11 recounting Leopold Café at w/ @SenAngusKing and @TimKaine Senators US @USAndMumbai: RT education. &amp; rights youth through peace towards working for receiving on Satyarthi Kailash &amp; Yousafzai Malala to Congrats more Learn year. this $675M by deficit the reduced that surplus a generated bank Ex-Im The news: Great Chemistry! and Physics in Prizes Nobel year's this of winners the of work the funded @AFOSR Virginia-based that Proud view! the enjoy can Virginians so @NASA_Wallops from launch rocket suborbital Terrier-Lynx tomorrow's for home back up clears weather Hope century 21st the of jobs the for students prepare can ed technical &amp; career how on op-ed @NewsInTheBurg my Read leadership. new meet &amp; VA from troops see to Great Afghanistan. Kabul, to visit day two wrapped Just register: to how out find to here Click elections! upcoming the for VA in vote to register to day last the is Today Virginians w/ visits great &amp; w/leaders mtgs productive very Qatar; Pakistan, Afghanistan, India, to w/@SenAngusKing CODEL from returned Just Series! World in victory to On playoffs. last since years 29 long a been it's and them for rooting up grew I @Royals. KC the to out Shout manager. &amp; leader proven - choice excellent is Klain Ron needed. much very – response Ebola federal for coordinator named Admin Pleased … powers war America's on discussion a for @RTDNEWS at here us join will @timkaine Tuesday: This @MSchmidtRTD: RT preparedness response Ebola hospital on updates requesting officials health VA to letters sent I &amp; .@MarkWarner Qatar and Pakistan Afghanistan, India, to @SenAngusKing w/ trip recent my of photos view to here Click Trail. Creeper the on times of memories family Kaine Great today! Fame of Hall @railstotrails into inducted gets Trail Creeper VA the Proud war to go to when – decision impt most nation’s our make President the &amp; Congress how on Square Public a for today @RTDNEWS join to Excited audience! the from advice &amp; questions Great powers. war on @RTDNEWS the for us joined who all to Thx project! critical this complete to $3M get will SCTC Thrilled area. Ridge Caney the in expansion broadband fund to @USDA urged I summer This 877-275-8343. at 24/7 reached be can hotline on questions your answer to hotline a up set has @VDHgov The tonight. Church Falls in Banquet Symposium League Submarine Naval annual 32nd the at remarks keynote the delivering be to Honored on questions their answer &amp; ideas students' your hear to love I'd Fantastic! @hendron .@GotGovt India! to CODEL my on met I people wonderful the including world, the across &amp; VA in lights of festival the celebrating all to Diwali Happy voting! early of advantage take to Virginians eligible all urge I Senate. US for @MarkWarnerVA for voted proudly Just State! Granite the in today across vote the out get helping for @timkaine to Thanks @JeanneShaheen: RT deployment! 10mo during done they’ve all for sailors the to Thanks Norfolk. to returning @USN_BushCVN77 of pic Great … vote! the out get - @StefanyShaheen and - help to Portsmouth visited @timkaine afternoon This @JeanneShaheen: RT … debt student reducing to commitment @MarkWarnerVA about talk to hall lecture VCU fills Kaine Sen. @M_Figueroa06: RT reported. injuries no hear to Relieved launch. this on hard so worked who @OrbitalSciences &amp; @NASA_Wallops at everyone w/ are thoughts My Ron! husband Michelle's with Marietta in phones the Hitting @MichelleNunnGA. for to today GA in be to Great tonight! Richmond in costumes trick-or-treating great some seeing to forward Look Halloween! Happy @civilwartrust cc: this like projects preservation battlefield supports bill My expansion! Battlefield Creek Sailor’s about news Good visiting by tomorrow vote to how about more Learn VA! in voting early for day last the is Saturday @MarkWarnerVA! servant public &amp; friend great a for vote the out getting weekend the spend to Excited home. Welcome family. w/his the in back is Tahmooressi Andrew Sgt. that hear to glad Very country. the in oysters delicious most the enjoying by November this Month Oyster Virginia Celebrate Lovers! Oyster for is Virginia @MarkWarnerVA! friend my with vote the out getting of day a finish I as tonight Alexandria in excitement of lot A Virginia! vote, and out Get open! are polls The voto! al derecho su ejercer a ¡Salgan abiertos. están votación de centros Los here: location polling your up look can You ID! photo your forget Don't Virginia. in 7PM until open are polls The 50-48 race the flips Warner that reports CNN as cheers Crowd @MSchmidtRTD: RT @RTDNEWS: RT senator! senior my him call to Proud victory! well-deserved his on @MarkWarnerVA friend great my to Congratulations Congress in him like optimists can-do more need We delegation! Virginia the to @DonBeyerVA welcome to Excited (1/2) for. called long I’ve step a ISIL, combat to AUMF new a on away right Congress with engage will President the hear to heartened I’m deserve.(2/2) servicemembers our what &amp; demands Constitution our what is AUMF–it an on floor the on vote &amp; debate open an to forward look I rise level sea of issue complex the tackle to time it’s because program pilot ODU’s for support federal urging I’m it! see Go cast. superb with show Great night. last family my w/ @VaFilmFest at Gap" Stone "Big of premiere world Enjoyed @NishaBiswal! Asia Central and South for State of Secretary Assistant with tonight @AIFoundation the by honored be to Thrilled Senate. the in process confirmation swift a to forward Look servant. public committed AG, for Lynch Loretta nominated President the Pleased Fi! Semper Arlington. in @USMC the of birthday 239th the for ceremony wreath-laying the in participate to Honored example: an Here's VA. from veterans of stories capture Project History Veterans @librarycongress help to Honored Iraq in service his &amp; enlist to decision his about Corporal, @USMC former a Napolitano, John interviewed Just Project History Veterans the for w/me story his sharing for Alexandria, from Major @USArmy former Rausch, Bill to Thx values our promote &amp; rights our protect courageously who servicemembers by made sacrifices the on reflect to day a .@wwpinc us protect to much so sacrificed who veterans American of generation every of service the honor we On service. their for grateful deeply I'm 9/11. since military the in served have who all to war, of yrs 13 after tribute, pay also We America for fought who heroes the celebrate to Parade Day Veterans Tidewater the in marching from us stop didn't Rain Watch ISIL against action for authorization congressional for need the discuss to 10am at @TheWilsonCenter at be I'll expansion the on worked have who all to Thx Roanoke! to @Amtrak ride to wait can’t I Now Gov. as Lynchburg to rail passenger extend to Proud it worth is mission the that consensus a without lives their risk to people force you debate, the have don’t you When … Video: they? Should ISIL? with conflict our authorize AUMFs existing the Do @TheWilsonCenter: RT education! arts &amp; arts the of support my for @arenastage by Award Voice American the w/ presented be to Honored Americas! the in Service Public for Award @The_Dialogue's received have to Proud America. Central in opportunity economic &amp; rights human discuss to yesterday Melo Padre w/ meeting Great Centroamérica en económica oportunidad la y humanos derechos los discutir para Melo Padre con reunirme gusto un Fue service. your for you Thank Truxtun! USS the &amp; Bush George USS the of sailors the to home Welcome weekend! this @PositiveVibeRVA at cause great a for bartending guest and harmonica playing blast a Had workers Korean high-skilled for visas 15K to up creating by workforce talented our grow to bill co-sponsor to Proud jobs fill to individuals qualified find to struggling businesses VA help will program visa high-skill the in Reforms … Friday: on @PositiveVibeRVA Max's at Larsen Max and Garth @timkaine, with cause good a for time great A @VASecofEdu: RT now. right Israel of people &amp; families victims, to out goes heart My Jerusalem. in synagogue on attack of learn to Appalled Watch interest. national our in not is why discuss to floor the taking be I'll 4:15 at Today no. voting I'm why That's oil. conventional than dirtier 15-20% is which oil, sands tar transport would Week Education International recognize we this, For world. entire the to VA connect students international &amp; exchanges Educational backslide? huge a is that technology a embrace we would why today, than tomorrow cleaner be to done have we all After emissions carbon reduce to work nation’s our hurt would approving how on op-ed @washingtonpost my Read oppose I why reason one That’s Roads. Hampton to challenges staggering poses pollution- carbon by part in –caused rise level Sea here live speech my Watch . against case the make to floor Senate the to Heading interest environmental or security national economic, our in not is decision. right the made Senate The @usspaincouncil through partnership our of Proud today! ago years 38 democracy elective an establish to bill a approving for Spain to Cheers threats security other &amp; ISIL combat to AUMF new for need on Summit @DefenseOne at @repadamschiff w/ conversation great to fwd Looking at needs their meets that plan a find can covered not are who Virginians season! enrollment open in We're pipeline! the against voting and health and water clean air, clean our for up standing for you thank @timkaine, @NRDC: RT today! luncheon @VAChamber the at delegation congressional VA bipartisan the from friends &amp; community business VA the join to happy was I Hampton to jobs 350 bring could that center support @usairforce for finalist a is Langley-Eustis Base Joint Pleased leader. excellent an be He'll @edworkforcedems! of member ranking elected was @repbobbyscott friend my that Happy Banquet Annual @Middleeastinst's at address keynote the deliver to honor a was It @Surgeon_General for nomination his support to proud and today Murthy Vivek Dr. meet to Great choice excellent an be would Murthy Vivek Dr. threats. health public day modern address to skills the with @Surgeon_General a need Americans US the in living millions benefit will which immigration on support I why on statement my Read deportation of fear without society to contribute &amp; work to individuals allowing by together families many keep will familias las a unidas mantener para Presidente el tomara que la Apoyo done has Eisenhower since president every authority-as legal existing w/in immigration addressing President the support I system benefits disease lung black reform to @MarkWarner w/ bill introduce to proud VA, in miners from hearing After issues security on discussion our for w/ along Follow @SenJohnMcCain. w/ along @HFXforum to delegation congressional lead to Proud history nation’s our in time challenging extremely an through leadership Hagel’s Chuck for Thankful negotiations: nuclear Iran the on statement my Read Missouri in verdict jury grand the on statement my Read to ways about learn to 1-800-318-2596 call or , , out check to minutes few a Take Virginia of benefit the for aisle the across working for &amp; service of years 34 his for years, many for Senator my Watkins, John to Thankful here: Watch Project. History Veterans the for Corporal, @USMC former a Napolitano, John interview to Honored travels Happy everyone! roads, the on safe stay Please day. all Commonwealth the throughout snow and Rain practices financial abusive from protect that policies support to @MarkWarner w/ work my continue to Proud today? for thankful you are What safe. us keep to sacrifice who servicemembers our for thankful I'm ! a everyone Wishing today! businesses small Virginia's support to forget Don't afternoon! this students @gwNURSING w/ speak to Ashburn in Campus Technology and Science Virginia 's to visit my for Excited servant. public and educator dedicated this of family the with are prayers &amp; thoughts My Bosher. Bill of passing the about hear to Saddened professionals healthcare in-demand for training high-quality @gwNURSING's about learn to Ashburn to visit Great info: More Norfolk. in Center Community Place Park the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, cleaner become to steps taken have that VA like states for Plan Power Clean @EPA’s improve to suggestions submitted I @RobWittman &amp; @MarkWarner by intro’d bill bipartisan this on work to Proud Act. Accountability the of passage Senate by Pleased in crisis of reminder a is resources of lack a to due efforts assistance suspending is it that announcement Program’s Food World UN in crisis address to more do must community international &amp; US but aid humanitarian of provider top are we Proud VA in civilians &amp; servicemembers support that provisions many the &amp; bill defense compromise the on statement my Read ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate a out w/ adjourn not should Congress why on soon floor the on speak Will VA from artists feat. capitol the in hosting I'm exhibit art the discuss to @BRMacJR president @VetArtistProg w/ Met artists! VA featuring for &amp; creativity veterans' highlighting work hard your for you Thank @VetArtistProg @BRMacJR floors Senate &amp; House to head will &amp; NDAA in included was bill protection battlefield bipartisan my Pleased ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate a w/o adjourn not should Congress why on take my for 6:45 at @wusa9 to in Tune ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate to need we why for case the make to 7:10 at @WTOP w/ in-studio be I'll ISIL against mission the on silence unacceptable Congress' about talk to Allison &amp; Steve joining be I'll - 5mins in @fox5newsdc to in Tune adjourns Congress before ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate to need discuss to shortly @jfradioshow on be I'll ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate a w/o adjourn not should Congress why on w/@mitchellreports discussion my for now @msnbc into Tune ISIL against mission military US the on debate public meaningful, a in engage to opportunity the have finally will We step big is vote &amp; hearing Cmte public. American &amp; troops our to it owe we b/c June since action military on vote &amp; debate for called I’ve Response and Prevention Assault Sexual on President the to Report @DeptofDefense today’s to response my Read Commonwealth the to presents rise level sea that challenges the on forum @WMLawSchool at tomorrow discussion thoughtful a to forward Look control disease &amp; pest eco-friendly research to award $18M received @virginia_tech pleased @USAID, to support of letter writing After Wednesday! on Bake-Off Pillsbury 47th the won who County, Henrico of Royals Beth to Congrats election! historic Wilder’s Doug Gov. since years 25 celebrate we as tonight Richmond in friends many so see to Happy him confirm swiftly to colleagues my urge &amp; job the for person right the is Carter Ash believe I @… event in Change Coastal &amp; Flooding W&amp;M at keynote gives @timkaine Senator Today: @WMLawSchool: RT VA on impact its &amp; rise level sea about talk come to me inviting for @VIMS_News &amp; @VACoastalPolicy Thx W&amp;M! at back be to great It’s http://… @timkaine to research @AidData their presented Marty Rob &amp; DeShazor Justin Sevier, Lu students @williamandmary @InternationalWM: RT Rams? or Cavaliers for, rooting you are Who ! in 2PM at today game @VCURamNation vs @UVAMensHoops the for Excited ago years 73 day fateful that lives their sacrificed who Americans the forget never we May infamy. in live will which date A recognition: federal deserve tribes Indian Virginia's why on op-ed my Read history country's the &amp; commonwealth the in role integral an played have tribes Indian know we Virginians, As ISIL against mission debates finally Cmte Relations Foreign the as week this expect to what on take my for 7:15AM at @NewDay CNN to in Tune ISIL against mission the authorize to vote Cmte &amp; hearing upcoming on @NewDay on @ChrisCuomo w/ discussion my Watch ISIL against mission the authorize to vote Cmte &amp; hearing upcoming the on discussion our for tomorrow 6:40AM at @Morning_Joe to in Tune in! Tune ISIL. against mission the authorize to vote Cmte upcoming &amp; hearing today's discuss to min 5 in @msnbc on @Morning_Joe on be I'll in: Tune 12:05. at @CathyLewisTalks @WHRO's w/ VA on impact change climate &amp; rise level sea discussing to fwd Look ISIL defeat to force military of use for authorization the on @JohnKerry Sec. from hear will @US_SFRC 2:00PM at Today Governor as project infrastructure important an such started have to proud - Alexandria in cutting ribbon Lanes Express 95 to Heading @usedgov to October in support of letter a wrote I - Grant Development Preschool $17M a receive will VA that Thrilled backgrounds all of children between gap achievement the close helps education childhood early in Investing ISIL against mission military for authorization on vote &amp; debate for push my discuss to 2:40PM at @SIRIUSXM on @OKnox joining to fwd Look (1/2) AUMF State Islamic on @timkaine report, torture the on @Isikoff 124: Channel "POTUS" XM Sirius on today pm 2 at me Join @OKnox: RT leadership global US of celebration great - @RajShah &amp; @KellyAyotte colleague my w/ tonight dinner tribute @USGLC of part be to Honored ISIL against action military on vote &amp; debate to servicemembers our to it owes Congress why on op-ed @LTMnews my Read ISIL against force military of use on vote &amp; debate must Congress why on take my for 7:35AM at @1140WRVA to in Tune ISIL against mission military for authorization Congressional for need discuss to min 5 in @1070WINA on be I'll ISIL against force military on vote &amp; debate must Congress why discuss to min 5 in w/@RumbleFM99 @FM99WNOR on be I'll live Watch here. progress real made we've happy - ISIL an of markup @US_SFRC Starting failure launch following repairs w/ help will that @NASA_Wallops for $20M secure to @MarkWarner w/ work my of Proud vote now must Congress full but step, big is passage @US_SFRC ISIL. against action military of months 4+ after jobs our did finally we Today passage final on vote a to advance now will and hurdle Senate key cleared Act Authorization Defense National Pleased opening Lanes Express 95 Sunday's of ahead column his to forward Looking yesterday. @drgridlock with consult a Had here ways-specifics many so in community defense the &amp; VA benefit will that bill defense a for vote my cast to Proud yrs. 2 past leadership his under serve to honor True Cmte. Services Armed @SenCarlLevin-led of out come to bill defense last - Bittersweet sacrifice their by Humbled Gov. as @VaNationalGuard of commander-in-chief as serve to Honored @NationalGuard! birthday 378th Happy coding. of basics the &amp; challenge the about learn to Visit Challenge! @VASecofEdu's accept I title! national 7th your on @uvamensoccer Congratulations country our &amp; VA to service public of years more many to Heres @markwarner. Senator, senior favorite and friend my to birthday happy very A changes needed make colleges help to policies assault sexual in gaps consistent disclose to @usedgov asked I've principle. guiding his be will health public American improving know I @Surgeon_General. for nomination Murthy's Vivek Dr. support to Proud office. our to cheer Christmas brought has Co Grayson in Farm Tree Rodgers Mt tree! the up put &amp; holly the out Haul '15 early process finish to need ; ISIL on made progress overdue, yet significant, discuss to floor to Heading research. cancer pediatric for funds securing on you w/ worked have to proud So @MarkWarner .@smashingwalnuts nights. eight next the over celebrating be will who all to wishes Warmest Hanukkah! Happy system immigration broken fix to work we as laws our enforce to person Dir-right @wwwicegov as today Saldaña Sarah confirmed Senate Proud leyes. nuestras cumplir hacer para calificada más la Es @wwwicegov. de Directora a Saldaña Sarah de confirmación la apoyar de Orgulloso tutorials! fun some for visit to moment a Take completed! Challenge .@VASecofEdu award for support of letter wrote healthcare-I of quality improve to @CMSGov from $ receive will VA Glad repairs. on update an get &amp; pad launch the tour to - @NASA_Wallops - asset Virginia key a visit to Heading economy local the on failure launch Antares the of impact discuss to leaders local &amp; @chincochamber w/ roundtable business to way my On statement: my Read ones. loved &amp; family his to home return will Gross Alan that news by overjoyed I'm values democratic advancing at effective more is isolation than rather engagement but overnight change not will Cuba w/ relationship Our familia con reúne se mientras mejor lo deseo le y Gross Alan de liberación la de anuncio el sobre contento muy Estoy aislamiento el que eficaz más es abierto diálogo el pero otro al día un de cambiar a va no con relación Nuestra repairs. on progress discuss to stakeholders w/ met and today pad launch @NASA_Wallops the toured I explosion after limited was @NASA_Wallops to damage responders, first from response swift &amp; planning good to Thanks @TheJackspotVA scenic the at leaders business small Chincoteague with discussion Great morning this Melfa in growth economic &amp; development workforce talk to leaders local &amp; @LGRalphNortham Joined rise level sea from challenges of evidence @USACEHQ-clear &amp; officials w/city Norfolk in projects home-raising Visited credentialing improve to work @USArmy's about hear to Proud priorities. top my of 1 is unemployment veterans Reducing with… servicemembers our provide that simulators state-of-the-art Eustis's Fort of tour Great Monday RVA in tour Capitol a take staff my have to fun portrait; his in jacket a wear not to Gov VA 1st being to need in residents to food distribute to Pantry Food Heights Colonial w/ initiative volunteer Day Citizen great Hosted rise. level sea address to work we as partner a as you have to Happy .@RepScottRigell more: Learn today. President the by law into signed was bill protection battlefield bipartisan My news! Great in communities fast-growing of character rural the preserve helps &amp; growth economic local drive helps preservation Battlefield season holiday joyous a them wish &amp; do they all for them thank to our to greeting holiday my Watch ones. loved and families their with prayers and Thoughts heartbreaking. absolutely night last officers 2 of killing Senseless Carytown. in Santa with Goode B. Johnny play to afternoon this shopping Christmas from break a Took thanks! .@MatSheltonEide Squadron Operations Cyber @AFSpace’s for @JBLEnews of consideration urge to delegation VA Joined address to working been I've VA in epidemic an abuse, opioid prevent to strategy on @SecBurwell to letter Sent night! blessed a Have ones. loved your with Eve Christmas peaceful a enjoying all you’re hope I yours! to family my from Christmas Merry a for wishes Warm Commonwealth. the serving year rewarding another to forward look I Year! New prosperous &amp; healthy happy, a all you Wishing Senate: US the in Virginia serving years two first my summarizing constituents to note my read to moments few a Take Virginia: of behalf on doing I'm work the about informed stay to updates email for up Sign everyone. roads, the on safe stay Please morning. this Virginia Northern across snow of lot A VA of District Western the for Attorney of position the for applications accepting now are I &amp; .@MarkWarner Congress! 114th the in Virginia for together do will we work bipartisan the about optimistic I'm .@MarkWarner @timkaine Commonwealth: the throughout travels and work my with up keep to Instagram on me Follow Paris. in today attack terrorist vicious after ally, oldest our France, of people to out goes Heart more Learn jobs. create help &amp; exports energy American streamline to bill bipartisan intro to @SenJohnBarrasso Joined billions save &amp; seniors for costs cut Would Medicare. in negotiation price drug prescription allow to bill a Intro’d well VA serve will education for passion &amp; leadership community in experience Her victory! her on @kmurphyva to Congrats today. do we than tomorrow energy cleaner generate to responsibility a have we because oppose I - No .@politigamer law. the under benefits &amp; protections same the deserve couples All . to the co-sponsor to Proud congreso! del sesión nueva la sobre entrevista mi para WVXX @Selecta1050 radio ahora Sintoniza in! Tune Congress. 114th the for priorities discuss to @CommunityClo w/ @KissRichmond on be I'll minutes few a In approved: is if communities on have could sands tar effects harmful the on piece this read to moment a Take @KellyAyotte Chairwoman alongside Subcmte Readiness the of Member Ranking as community defense &amp; servicemembers our support to honored I’m attack an of event unfortunate the in shocks additional suffer won’t economy our ensuring bipartisan the passes Senate @MarkWarner: RT visiting! for Thx today. with met I students @williamandmary from questions policy foreign thoughtful by Impressed servicemembers our dishonors &amp; precedent dangerous sets delay Further authorization. Congressional w/out mos 5 for ISIL w/ war at been We’ve in! Tune Congress. 114th the in ahead what's discuss to 12:45PM at Hour Politics @kojoshow's the on be I'll 1999. since growth job of year best the was 2014 growth. job sector private see to continue We news! Good students responsible to free college community of years two make &amp; programs fund to proposals his for President the applaud I Congress! 114th the in expect to what on Patrick and Tom with discussion my for @kojoshow the to now in Tune VA? in park favorite your What's 2014. in visitors with record attendance new a setting by trend six-year a continued .@VAStateParks region the to jobs bringing Bristol, of City the in operation VA first its establish to $ invest will Glass Nulife that news by Pleased Program! Youth Senate US the for selected being on Williamsburg of Visser Caleb &amp; Charlottesville of Cohn David to Congrats care health to access have America in disabilities with people &amp; seniors million 54 to Thanks hiking! great - Park State Meadows Sky @VAStateParks @timkaine @addietime: RT Cemete… Nat'l Smallest War. Civil the of battle unknown significant Most park. Regional Bluff Balls @VAStateParks @timkaine @Paradox13VA: RT myself Park, State River York the to partial I'm @VAStateParks @timkaine @A_Galooz: RT Lanka Sri prosperous &amp; democratic more a toward step historic a elections- successful on people Lankan Sri the to congratulations Heartfelt tonight! victories @UVAMensHoops &amp; @ODUMBB with basketball Virginia of day good a continue Let's @VCU! win Great today Paris in fear against marching citizens world million the with stand I Virginia, From Government French the by Honor of Legion of Knight a as decorated being for Jarvis Cary veteran Army WWII Guard National VA to Congrats now! in Tune why. explain to soon floor Senate the to Heading pipeline. the against vote to plan I forwards not backwards us takes that agree you if RT today are we than tomorrow cleaner be to have We no voting I’m why That’s oil. sands tar dirty of production expand to signal market a is Approving in: Tune Congress! 114th the in expect to what discuss to minutes 5 in @RumbleFM99 on be I'll safety. passenger ensure to done being what’s on Qs of Lot emergency. Metro tragic yesterday’s into investigation on briefing full for Asked US the across &amp; Virginia in community Korean the from contributions cultural &amp; social economic, the for grateful we’re On 12:05 at @CathyLewisTalks @WHRO's w/ Congress 114th the from expect to what &amp; discussing to fwd Look Capitol. the in book condolence Embassy French the Signing years. 230 than more for partners allies, Friends, McDonald Robert Sec. @DeptVetAffairs w/ Virginia across &amp; Roads Hampton in vets to service improve to ways Discussed University State Norfolk including HBCUs, 13 at education cybersecurity for grants in $25M includes announcement President’s the Pleased Virginia on legacy lasting a leave will who underserved the &amp; poor the of champion a Brand, Cabell of passing the of hear to Saddened … evacuation Station Plaza L'Enfant during behind left were belongings whose passengers for Guidance @wmata: RT for guest my be will Schools, Public County Botetourt for coordinator Barnett, Lisa that announce to Excited Union. the of State to educator County Botetourt invites Kaine Tim Senator @wsls: RT budgets two-year of enactment requiring by process budgeting Congress’ reform to bill introduce to @MarkWarner Joined school Ranger in participate to women allow will @USArmy the time, first the For overdue. long &amp; news Great parents working support to initiatives announce will President the glad I'm leave, sick paid w/out workers VA million+ 1 With Virginia in have we talent immense the highlights training cybersecurity for $25M announce to State Norfolk to visit Biden's Joe .@VP challenges cyber nation’s our handle to prepared workforce skilled a developing in role important an play will State Norfolk Pleased Commonwealth the to service public &amp; friendship of decades for Puller Toddy thanking in Virginians many join I energy clean in made we’ve gains the reverse to threatens why on post blog @bluevirginia my Read … @timkaine: of guest a as Union the of State the attend will who Barnett, Lisa educator @BCPS_tweets to Congrats @VASecofEdu: RT creation job &amp; investment jumpstart to the intro to colleagues of group bipartisan join to Proud here opportunities career pursue to able be should universities American at educated are who students foreign &amp; Entrepreneurs @CMSGov at work her for Grateful care. hospital of quality in improvement &amp; insurance health of expansion historic oversaw Tavenner Marilyn of honor in greeting video my RT and Watch justice &amp; change social non-violent of legacy his honor &amp; Jr. King Luther Martin Dr. of life the celebrate we Today … guest @timkaine as address attending educator Co. @jennasjems: RT East Middle the to visit delegation congressional bipartisan my on article @PilotNews this read to moment a Take tonight? speech his in address to President the want you do issues What Act Workforce Tmrw’s Educating intro’d I why That's jobs. century 21st for students train programs High-quality through workforce talented a growing to commitment our continue we as tonight’s at @senrobportman w/ sitting to forward Look @robportman and @timkaine Thanks back. is Act Workforce Tomorrow’s Educating The @MichelleSLerner: RT @BCPS_tweets for of Coordinator Barnett, Lisa , the for guest special my welcome to Happy Staunton! in Rowe’s Mrs. from cookies brought she guest, my be to County Botetourt from drive Lisa did only Not Address Union the of State President's the on statement my Read same the do to urge I &amp; decades two nearly for to worked I attorney, an As flexibility &amp; readiness military nation's our to critical is fleet carrier aircraft 11 an Maintaining … carriers. aircraft 11 maintain to @USNavy the on calling in together stands delegation Virginia Entire @MarkWarner: RT @lourdesmeluza! con Estadounidenses y Virginianos los para importantes temas discutir placer un ¡Fue tragedy preventable this caused what on info more gather to incident Metro week’s last on officials @NTSB &amp; @wmata w/ meeting a to Heading A… contra militar fuerza autorice que Congreso al pidiera @BarackObama que importante era que dice D-Va @timkaine . @lourdesmeluza: RT incident Metro fatal week's last of cause the about remain questions many @wmata, and @NTSB from briefing night’s last Following fwd moves investigation the as answers for pressing keep I’ll arcing? electric the caused What arrive? to help for long so take it did Why Virginia for results get to aisle the across reaching are I &amp; @MarkWarner how on piece @LTMnews this Read reporting fair thoughtful, his of years more many to Here’s week! this @WTOP at years 50 celebrating on @McConnellWTOP to Congrats care. health women’s of part essential an - services family-planning to access protecting continue must we Wade, v. Roe after years 42 8:09AM at tomorrow priorities &amp; issues readiness military discuss to @RobWittman w/ live @jfradioshow the on be I'll tonight! Meeting Annual &amp; Reception Community Chairman’s 2015 @alexvachamber the at speaker keynote the be to Honored Salman King under grow to continue will partnership our hope -I weekend past this Arabia Saudi Visited Abdullah. King of passing by Saddened Virginia for priorities &amp; readiness military discussing be will I &amp; @RobWittman @jfradioshow! the to now in Tune delegation. a as well work really We morning. this @RobWittman with on @timkaine hear to Good @RepScottRigell: RT amendments on debate allow to refused McConnell Sen. disappointed I’m process, amendment open an promising After spending: political to transparency bringing by laws campaign to changes overdue make would Act DISCLOSE The info: More @MassRegLibrary. the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Wednesday, On here: Vote Town! Small Coolest America’s for running the in Chincoteague seeing love I morning! this careful Be night. last after icy still are Virginia Northern in Roads businesses Virginia for does @EximBankUS work important the for support continued my express to @fredhochberg w/ Met go." we together "Forward - saath saath Chalein ties: India &amp; US Strengthening @MarkWarner RT partnership critical A info: More Bridgewater. in Library River North the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, new for pushing keep will I ISIL. vs action military US on vote a need LTE-we @newsadvance Bower's w/Pat Agree intolerance &amp; evil fighting to recommit &amp; survivors the honor lost, lives of millions the remember we On coast VA’s off resources energy of development responsible safe, the in result should that step significant a is strategy draft .@Interior’s do states Gulf like just shores, our off developed resources energy from revenue of share a get to VA for pushing keep will I &amp; .@MarkWarner word! the spread to RT then Virginia across held are which hours office Connects Kaine about video my Watch bill funding Security Homeland of Dept clean pass to @McConnellPress on call to today colleagues Dem Senate Joined issues security national discuss to Kelly General &amp; Dunford, General Loeben, General w/ meetings of day busy a was It action for on pressure keep to Impt passed. SFRC what to similar House in of intro for @RepAdamSchiff Applaud here: Watch cuts. sequestration reverse to Congress on called I hearing, Committee Services Armed Senate today's At Def. Sec. next our be to week next hearing confirmation his of advance in Carter Ash Dr. with meeting Enjoyed Commonwealth! the in mentoring youth improving on work their about hear to @VAMentoring with meeting Great ISIL vs fight the authorize to need the on interview my for 6:50AM at tomorrow @wamu885 into Tune in! Tune now. again air will ISIL vs fight the authorize to need on interview @wamu885 My gap. wage the close &amp; success this on build to ahead work more have We law. into signed was Act Pay Fair Ledbetter Lilly the today ago yrs 6 gap. the closing to commit must We economy. our for bad &amp; families for bad is gap The $10,908. unacceptable: is VA in gap wage yearly The children for programs learning early high-quality to access expand to bill a Act, PRE-K the introduce to Proud Senate the in work this continue to Proud VA. in 40% by enrollment Pre-K increasing by education childhood early championed I Governor, As ISIL vs new on take their get &amp; hrg at Albright @madeleine &amp; Shultz George Kissinger, Henry Sec/State fmr 3 have to Honored today released report Commission Modernization Retirement &amp; Compensation Military the on statement my Read benefits &amp; pay on preferences their on servicemembers survey to recommendation my followed pleased I’m @Selecta1050 con entrevista mi para WVXX radio ahora Sintoniza in! Tune more. &amp; bill Pre-K my on discussion a for 8:40AM at @JoanJWTOP &amp; @mikemosswtop joining to forward Look ! tonight @Duke_MBB hosting @UVAMensHoops 2 No. the &amp; @UVaHooCrew to forward Looking Center Siegel the at on them cheering afternoon fun a had still but today, win the get didn't @vcuramnation Disappointed for? rooting you are Who tonight! @Seahawks the &amp; @DangeRussWilson own Richmond's on cheering be I'll Commonwealth the shaped have African-Americans much how remember to take let's Ashe, Arthur to Armistead James From kids! great some w/ interact &amp; program pre-k successful its about learn to elementary Clark &amp; Lewis to visit Great in. Tune bill. funding DHS clean a for case the make to floor Senate the to Heading Commonwealth the in students of needs the serve best to how discuss to today @VASchoolBoards w/ met I &amp; .@MarkWarner http… funding. edu &amp; reauthorization ESEA talk to @TimKaine &amp; @MarkWarner Senators w/ meet boards school VA from Members @VASchoolBoards: RT education through violence domestic &amp; assault sexual prevent help to Act Relationships introduce to Proud assault sexual preventing for tool key a be can education how on thoughts their shared who members @OneLessUVA to Grateful behavior relationship safe promoting in role a play should schools agree We Act! Relationships cosponsoring for @clairecmc to Thx hearing today's at panel benefits &amp; compensation military on represented women of lack over concern Expressed católica fe la de mártir como murió Romero Oscar salvadoreño arzobispo el que reconocer al @Pontifex_es del anuncio por Emocionado DHS fund we that critical it's why + mission US authorize to congress for push my threat, ISIL discuss to @morning_joe join I'll 6:40 At Act Relationships the on @Fox5DCAllison &amp; @stevechenevey with interview my for 7:30am at @fox5newsdc to in Tune violence domestic and assault sexual combat help to bill new my discuss we as 7:50am at in Tune @WTOP! with studio in Back @nbcwashington on 11:00am at interview our Watch @nbcaaron! Richmonder fellow with up catch to great always It's @DeptofDefense the lead to person right the is He Defense. of Secretary for nomination Carter's Ash Dr. on hearing to Heading night! last fair student my at projects great w/ students @WarhillHigh &amp; @WoodbridgeHS bright meet to Great safe. us keep to working country the across &amp; Virginia in employees impact negatively would it unacceptable- is funding @DHSgov Blocking reform. immigration on debate constructive a have can we then @DHSgov, fund to Boehner Speaker &amp; McConnell Leader urge I certifications: new 150 with 2014 in states of out 4 number as @USGBC by recognized was VA news! Good info: More Stanley. in Library Kibler the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, prayer in united world the around from leaders of gathering unique - Breakfast Prayer National the to way my On world. the around Catholics many so of spirit the renewed has message His fall. this Congress address will @Pontifex Thrilled @UVAMensHoops game! the to forward Looking vs mission US on Congress in vote &amp; debate of importance &amp; new for need on @DanaBashCNN w/ intv my for 9AM at @CNNsotu into Tune C… the across STEM supporting and VA to commitment your for Thx . 3 winning for @Pharrell own Beach's VA to Congrats @GovernorVA: RT against mission military the authorize to need the on interview my for @hereandnow to hour this in Tune birthday! happy very a @JimWebbUSA, &amp; @TerryMcAuliffe servants, public Virginia great two Wishing VA in crisis abuse opioid address to w/him working to fwd Look Policy. Control Drug National of Director confirmed was @Botticelli44 Pleased ISIL vs mission military US the on thumbprint its put to Congress for important so it's why discuss to tonight @maddow w/ @msnbc on be I'll students from ideas on based - assault sexual prevent help to bill my discussing be We'll @1070WINA! to now in Tune us of all for investment good a it's why &amp; Pre-K expand to efforts my on editorial @NewsInTheBurg this Read Qs answer &amp; casework with help to 5-7:30PM from Bristol in @thebplibrary the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a evening, This ISIL vs war on vote &amp; debate to time it's wk; this WH from see to hope we about night last @maddow w/ Spoke deportation from children shield &amp; security border boost to actions POTUS w/ disagree they b/c funds @DHSgov blocking is GOP ! for grant Innovation in Investing federal $3M received schools public County Fluvanna &amp; City Charlottesville @k12albemarle, that Proud soon Congress to sent be to expected for hopes my discuss to 6:45 at @MorningEdition @NPR's on be Will vs fight the authorizing on WH the from see to hope I what on @ChrisCuomo w/ discussion my for minutes 5 in @cnn to in Tune ISIL vs mission the on vote to servicemembers our to it owe -we on interview my for @jfradioshow to now in Tune mission. this on vote &amp; debate must Congress Now ISIL. vs fight the in role US the defining in step important an taken has Obama President Force: Military of Use for Authorization proposed President’s the on statement full my Read recognition fed long-overdue for push renew to Proud history. our in role integral an played have tribes Indian VA’s … tribes. for @GerryConnolly @repbobbyscott @RobWittman @MarkWarner @timkaine with stand to Proud @RepDonBeyer: RT President the from proposal today's &amp; vs mission the on vote &amp; debate a for push my discuss to soon @NewsHour @PBS on be Will 9 at in today-tune announced proposal President's the &amp; ISIL vs AUMF new for push mo 7+ my about @MegynKelly w/ speaking to forward Look program Pre-K their of success the about learn to recently Glen Ruther in Elementary Clark &amp; Lewis visited I Investment: Smart a Is Pre-K to Access Expanding Why career-ready &amp; college are students ensure to bill bipartisan intro to @senrobportman &amp; @SenatorBaldwin join to Proud servicemembers our to commitment firm a &amp; experience Pentagon deep w/ leader proven a He’s . as Carter Ash confirmed Senate the Glad security &amp; immigration as well as issues economic &amp; trade on focused trip wk; next Colombia &amp; Honduras Mexico, to heading be to Excited wk next there return to excited Progreso; El in school technical at w/Jesuits working yr me-spent for significance special has stop Honduras against draft President’s the the on @RepAdamSchiff w/ conference press my Watch ICYMI: VA in kids 196k than more for coverage care health protects which Program, Insurance Health Children’s the for funding support to Proud housing affordable safe, to access have Virginians more ensure to @HUDgov from grant $30M announce to @MarkWarner join to Glad @HealthCareGov. at 15th Feb by enroll – coverage 2015 for chance last Your wait! Don’t febrero. de 15 del antes Inscríbete 2015: en cobertura para oportunidad última Tu esperes! ¡No info: More Day. Information &amp; Academy Service Roads Hampton the at be will staff my of members Tomorrow, 7pm! at starting Sunday this Hotspots Sun &amp; Sand 101 @travelchannel's on featured be will Island Chincoteague &amp; Island news-Assateague Cool Latinoamérica! a visita mi y @DHSgov del financiamiento el sobre @EspuelasVox con entrevista mi a ahora Sintoniza Investment Smart a Is Pre-K to Access Expanding Why @timkaine: Sen. @firstfiveyears: RT tomorrow. &amp; today roads the on safe be Please abroad. from reports weather Virginia the Reading earlier reform energy re City Mexico in AmCham with/ Met start. great to off w/@JohnCornyn America Latin to CODEL Kaine Sen and Wayne Amb w CISEN at Imaz Director w cooperation enforcement law and security Talking @JohnCornyn: RT affairs regional &amp; relationship security &amp; econ US-Mexico re discussion yesterday-good Meade Secretary w/Foreign Met here more Read issues. security &amp; econ was AM-focus this @JohnCornyn w/ Mexico to visit productive up Wrapped Sula Pedro San in project @USAID to Heading here. worked I since 35yrs been it's believe to Hard back! be to Honduras-excited in Arrived youth local for opportunities expand to done being work Chamelecón-impt in center outreach @USAID-supported Visited Honduras in them for opps provide to working youth at-risk for center outreach @USAID-supported FUNADEH-another At situation economic Honduran on insight w/AmCham-helpful affiliated leaders business w/Honduras-based dinner Had - Chamelecón in today earlier from pic more One faces familiar &amp; friends many so see to Progreso-wonderful El in lived I when to went I church at mass Wednesday Ash attend to chance Had ago yrs 35 here taught Progreso; El in morning this Loyola Technico Instituto at welcome the by humbled &amp; Touched Cano Soto in JTF-Bravo to Nealon Ambassador and @johncornyn with Helo bipartisanship. of model true and servant public dedicated a Warner, John Senator friend my to Birthday Happy @… yesterday campus to back visit my during students Loyola Tecnico Instituto current from welcome Warm 1980 in Loyola Tecnico Instituto at class carpentry teaching to @holaciudad via Honduras en visita de Kaine Tim Senador @WZDCTelemundo: RT Educativos. Centros nuestros de uno en Kaine, Tim Senador del visita la de nota La @feyalegriahn: RT … progress needs, about talks @TimKaine taught, once he where school missionary the at Back @DaveRess1: RT w/FARC talks peace to Envoy Special US named Aronson Bernie when day on Santos President w/Colombian meet to Honored … conocer… a Colombia a llegó quien Kaine, Tim Unidos Estados los de Senador al Congreso el en Recibimos @JoseDavidName: RT años 35 hace Jesuitas misioneros con trabaje donde Honduras, a visita mi sobre @eltiempolatino en articulo este Lean VA in memorial the have to Proud Jima. Iwo of island Japanese over flag US raised servicemembers 6 today, ago yrs 70 Medal Honor of Legion awarded was he when yr last him meet to Honored Sales. Bob veteran D-Day of passing by Saddened in: Tune trains. oil on regulations of release for need &amp; discuss to 8:08AM at @brianandmari joining be I'll Qs answer &amp; casework with help to 5-7:30PM from Bristol in @thebplibrary the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a evening, This @DHSgov fund to Republicans urge to @MarkWarner &amp; me joining for Bowers Richard Chief Fire .@fairfaxcounty to Thanks http:/… @TimKaine &amp; Bowers Chief @ffxfirerescue w/ bill DHS clean for need discussed furlough, facing employees Va 17K+ With @MarkWarner: RT breach data following VA in subscribers 3million than more for services protection identity free provide will Anthem program Card Choice Veterans improve to @DeptVetAffairs urge to Senators bipartisan of group &amp; @MarkWarner Joined students UVA w/ meeting after intro’d I that Act Relationships discussed &amp; Sullivan President @UVA w/ Met AG as @TheJusticeDept the lead to to time It's support. bipartisan with leader effective and proven a is Lynch Loretta wk last Honduras in friends Jesuit w/dear reunion my of photo framed - gift bday terrific for staff my to thanks Many @HK_Schwartz @MAAlcala @MarkWarner cc: throwbacks great some Including wishes! birthday the of all for Thanks Mason: Gwen director regional Valley Roanoke my by SOTU?" A "What's titled post Connection Commonwealth Great Misericordia" de "Islas Honduras: a reciente visita mi sobre @el_pais en op-ed mi Lea bill this pass swiftly should House The security. national our protecting to critical – DHS fund to vote Senate bipartisan strong by Pleased hostage. funding DHS holding w/out debate that have let’s But it. for all I’m bills, reform immigration about talk to ready are R’s House If años 35 hace @JesuitasESP con pais mismo ese en servicio mi y Honduras a visita mi recuerdo @el_pais, en op-ed mi En @jorgeramosnews con Cuba y EEUU entre relaciones las y Latinoamérica a visita reciente mi discutir para 10am las a hoy @AlPunto en Estaré … Cuba. y EEUU entre relaciones nuevas las y Colombia Honduras, México, de habla nos @timkaine senador El @AlPunto: RT rights. human defending to career devoted has who someone attack to -irresponsible @ambassadorrice against out taken ad wacky by Disgusted ago yrs 35 missionaries Jesuit w/ worked I where Honduras, to visit recent my on op-ed @RTDNEWS my Read term this of end the at retirement her in best the her Wish country. the &amp; region capital the for leader exemplary an been has .@SenatorBarb - mercy" of "islands for need the on @timkaine from column guest A @RTDOpinions: RT más y Latinoamérica por gira mi , migratoria, reforma la sobre @jorgeramosnews con entrevista mi Vea Nemtsov Boris leader opposition Russian of murder after action strong for calling Sens. of group bipartisan Joined training job , HBCU's, issues: important discuss to VA from sisters @dstinc1913 w/ meeting Great . strengthen to Senate the in work my continue I'll today! @actecareertech from Award Year the of Policymaker receive to Proud investigation an urging @USGAO to wrote I &amp; @MarkWarner accidents. serious to linked been have highways VA on installed guardrails Faulty security national our protect &amp; @DHSgov fund fully to bill clean a passing in lead Senate’s the following for House the applaud I stake at interests important to contrary Act Review Agreement Nuclear Iran track fast to move leadership’s R Senate partisan &amp; rushed than rather deliberate &amp; thoughtful be must deal nuclear Iranian of review Congressional Month ! be to workforce our training in of importance the recognizing resolution our passed Senate the Proud on statement my Read heartless. particularly is court in the attack to effort latest The closing. college’s the of news by Saddened life. American of facets all in leaders future educated has @Sweetbriaredu 1901, Since missed. be will He studies. American Latin of scholar exceptional and leader community model servant, public dedicated a was Grayson George @vademocrats! the of chair as service his for @dwightjonesrva friend longtime &amp; mayor my to Thanks everyone. commute, morning your on safe stay Please morning. this Commonwealth the over all ice and Snow Virginia. from him with are prayers and Thoughts spirits. great in and recovering is Lippert Mark Ambassador hear to Glad bias. racial address to made be must changes Immediate Ferguson. in policing discriminatory on findings report @TheJusticeDept by Troubled in! Tune . discuss to @CommunityClo w/ FM Kiss on be I'll minutes few a just In migratoria reforma la y salud de reforma de ley la sobre entrevista mi para WVXX @Selecta1050 radio a ahora Sintoniza migratoria reforma la sobre @demetriofloress con discussion mi escuchar para ahora @lagrand1480 a Sintoniza ISIL vs an for push my &amp; discuss to @1140WRVA on Barrett Jimmy join I’ll practices policing Ferguson on report @TheJusticeDept &amp; talking be we'll - 10:05AM at @JackGravelyShow the to in Tune all for rights marriage equal ensure to urging brief a file to colleagues 200 than more with join to Proud need in families to food distributing be We'll Manassas. in Shelter Family SERVE @nvfs w/ project Day Citizen today’s for Excited colleagues Congressional &amp; @repjohnlewis w/ to pilgrimage powerful yrs last on reflecting I'm the since yrs 50 mark we As math &amp; engineering tech, science, in achievements students’ local see to Herndon in @NysmithSchool the at Symposium K-12 the to Headed Herndon in @NysmithSchool at at students bright with spoke &amp; projects great saw I &amp; Anne more do to pledge &amp; world the around women for equality gender achieve to working are who those all celebrate we On vs fight on vote &amp; debate to Congress for need critical the on @wolfblitzer w/ interview my for 5PM at @CNN to in Tune here w/Iran-watch negotiations nuclear on engage to Congress for way wrong vs right discuss to soon floor to Heading in! Tune ISIL v new on hearing today's &amp; negotiations nuclear Iran the discuss to minutes few a just in @Morning_Joe on be I'll here: Listen ISIL. v on hearing &amp; Iran on interview my for 7:40AM at @WTOP to in Tune in: Tune now. ISIL vs new the on hearing the in participating be I'll Florida. in accident helicopter tragic after missing are who servicemembers the of ones loved the w/ are prayers &amp; Thoughts should we think you if RT care. health affordable quality, for CHIP on rely VA, in 196k including US, the across kids 10M Virginia in economies local &amp; tourism supporting @PetersburgNPS, of expansion authorize to @MarkWarner w/ bill bipartisan introduce to Proud more: Learn ISIL. vs the on vote and debate a for call my renewed I hearing, today's At situations emergency in drugs overdose opioid administer who Samaritans’ ‘Good protect to bill intro to Proud week next to swiftly act must Sen credentials. her by impressed remain &amp; Lynch Loretta nominee w/AG Met level state the at epidemic this addressing leadership continued your for thx .@AGMarkHerring in Tune ISIL vs strong a for need the &amp; Iran on engage to Congress for way right the discuss to 12:30 at @mitchellreports join I'll campus every on assault sexual of survivors for advocate independent an provide to bill intro to @SenGillibrand @SenatorBoxer join to Proud in: Tune week. next General Attorney as to colleagues my urge to floor Senate the to Heading community Beach VA entire the &amp; her knew who all by missed greatly be will She Oberndorf. Meyera of passing the of hear to saddened Deeply engage to Congress for way wrong vs right and on interview my for 9AM at tomorrow @meetthepress Watch in! tune &amp; listings local your Check Iran. discuss to morning this @meetthepress join I'll Iran with deal nuclear a in play should Congress role the discuss to yesterday @meetthepress joined I ICYMI, Alexandria! to @rvadonuts bringing for –and service his for Grateful Virginians. Northern of behalf on work hard his for @RobKrupicka to Thx 🍀 Day! Patrick's St. Happy DOJ lead to ready prosecutor hard-working &amp; experienced intelligent, an is Lynch Loretta wait? the Why fix long-term a need we but letter our following action swift took DOL &amp; DHS pleased I’m today. reps seafood w/VA Met advancing! on Congrats win! @_HamptonU a with off starting Love them sustain can budget FY16 the how and programs shipbuilding @USNavy of role vital the about hear to hearing Seapower a to Headed all! it winning @UVAMensHoops &amp; Arizona upsetting @VCURamNation have I attack senseless this in killed people innocent of ones loved with prayers &amp; thoughts - today Tunis in tragedy Horrific Training! Spring of tradition the started Anson Cap that know didn't I 8. of 7 scored also &amp; it took Just @WEWS .@SenSherrodBrown Series? World single a in player a by ever performance Best tiebreaker? a about How .@SenSherrodBrown others. all over towers one but performances, superb many are There .@SenSherrodBrown Virginia for relief sequester significant achieve to ways on focused be will - session markup budget Senate first the to Heading injustice grave a correcting to closer step one – tribes Indian VA 6 to recognition grant to bill our approved @IndianCommittee the Grateful @virginia_tech cc: today! Hill the on Hokies some with chat to chance a got I Glad answers get to working are officials state &amp; enforcement law Pleased student. UVA against force of use of reports by Troubled this farmer a thank to sure Make workers? 300,000 over employing industry, largest Virginia's is agriculture that know you Did 400th Jamestown's to came Majesty Her when to week, this visit Camilla’s Duchess &amp; Charles Prince of honor In now must we why underscore events recent how on thoughts my Press, Free Richmond today’s In statement: My country. the for blueprint viable a not is budget Senate GOP the but time, on budget a did we Pleased over… is markup budget that now And season. great another on @VCU to Congrats overtime. in Rams the for loss Tough installed: signs these get help to able were we Happy now! Greensboro from north driving when Danville miss Can't live: Watch America. w/Latin ties strengthen can US how &amp; Honduras to return my on reflect to @ASCOA join I’ll 11 At game?? today’s for ready Hoos to not chose again Senate the week, This AG. an confirm to need stressed I week, Last Senate. the in co-sponsor to proud Was families. their &amp; disabilities with people for support shows Virginia in of Implementation Wahoowa! season! great a on @LibertyWBB to Congrats State! Michigan on take @UVAMensHoops watch to Excited season fantastic a on Hoos the and Bennett Tony to Congrats ! at students Saraf–VA Monica &amp; Sanghera Bhavjeet Prox, Lauren Melendez, Sabrina McCrystal, Ryan Atluri, Sreya Congrats we're and that prove coverage affordable have now who people million needed is this why show April last Lynchburg in one the like Derailments investments. safety crude-by-rail for called I &amp; @MarkWarner Today care to access easy veterans more give to rule mile 40 revise will @DeptVetAffairs grateful month, last letter our Following @civilwartrust cc: level federal at it support to Proud Williamsburg! in preservation battlefield War Civil on @GovernorVA from news Great change climate withstand installations military help to amdt bipartisan my on @RTDopinions from words kind Appreciate ! recognize to servicemembers with meeting Great disparity. wage gender-based to end an put to time It's . for vote to floor the to Headed visiting! for HS Heritage &amp; HS George King @IrvingMiddle, @Bruin_Nation to Thx today! students VA great many so Met economy energy clean our growing toward step –key waters federal in lease research energy wind a awarded be to state first the is VA Pleased security Afghan promote and terrorism counter to together work can countries two our how about speak Ghani President hear to Eager ones loved their with are prayers &amp; Thoughts France. in crashed that flight the on were Nokesville of Selke Emily &amp; Yvonne hear to Saddened supporting brief a signed have to proud I'm and jobs their keep to right workers' pregnant affirming for applaud I Let's today. researchers and caregivers patients, Alzheimer's dedicated some from hear to chance the had @SenateAging Grateful … help to do u all appreciate We . the at today staff your with meet to thankful So @timkaine @RamsForMemory: RT nation entire &amp; VA hurting cuts sequester replace to way the pave to amendment my passed – vote bipartisan a in – Senate the pleased I’m challenges fiscal long-term solve to fails &amp; seniors &amp; women economy, our impacts negatively so that budget a support couldn’t I However, first. nation of well-being &amp; NV of people putting always know, I souls kindest &amp; fighters toughest the of one is .@SenatorReid land historic preserve to bill Battlefield National Petersburg our passing for plug @ProgressIndex's the Appreciate proud @vademocrats the make She’ll chair! DPVA next the as serve will Swecker Susan hear to Happy @GerryConnolly! friend my to birthday Happy Radford. for advocate tireless &amp; leader transformative a been has She RU. at service of years Kyle’s Penny President @radfordu for Grateful Lane Hailey cadet @usairforce of recovery full the for Praying students his &amp; university the on impact lasting a left who Torgersen, Paul President @virginia_tech former of passing the by Saddened reform! education in way the leading is VA waiver. NCLB year 4 a receive to states first the of one being for Virginia to Congrats tonight! Stanford on take @ODUMBB watch to Excited today: announced agreement framework nuclear Iran the on statement My Sameach! Chag Passover. happy a family your and you wish to want I weekend, this celebrating those To Easter! Ave--Happy Monument on today parade Easter Richmond to forward looking &amp; night last church our at service Vigil Easter Attended in! tune – agreement framework nuclear Iran the discuss to @NewDay join I’ll 8:00AM At morning! this @rvadonuts with office Richmond my Surprising economy local the &amp; trade about @PennyPritzker Sec Commerce &amp; owners business RVA w/ discussion Informative today! leaders business local from hear to Richmond in me joining for @PennyPritzker to Thx Coast! East the on plant ethanol Largest me. hosting for Hopewell in Plant Ethanol Vireol the at team the to Thanks kits robot craft-a-bot through globe the around students with of gift the sharing is .@ashburnrobotics @AshburnRobotics &amp; @team5338 by presentations great with morning this Leesburg in action in seeing Loved @EximBankUS of help the with produced satellite commercial recent most @OrbitalATK's out Checking skills career culinary and language with lives enriches organization this how see to today @LaCocinaVA Visited Véalo! 6:15PM. las a @WZDCTelemundo en @SulemaWZDC con Estaré lingüísticas/culinarias habilidades desarrollar a personas a ayuda organización esta como ver para @LaCocinaVA Visite in! Tune deal. Iran the discuss to @Morning_Joe on be to About yesterday students culinary @LaCocinaVA with visit my &amp; Iran about talk to 7:30AM at @stevechenevey @fox5newsdc’s with live be Will wk this Virginia in to up I'm what &amp; Iran discuss to Joan &amp; Mike w/ on be will - 8:20AM at @WTOP to in Tune leaders community &amp; business from suggestions hear to helpful always - development economic discuss to Stafford In @stevechenevey with VA in Education Career/Tech &amp; Iran discussed I AM, this @fox5newsdc On Culpeper in meeting annual today's keynote to Glad needs. development workforce meeting to critical are @germannacc like colleges Community Orange! in @TheLightWellckt at burger delicious a for stop Quick access broadband &amp; development economic discuss to today Orange in Aromatica Lux like businesses local by Stopped War Civil the of end the since years 150 commemorate to here be to Honored . for Appomattox in parents W/my later. years 150 true rings still Appomattox of lesson This enemy. an remain always not need enemy An community African-American local the facing issues discuss to leaders community Lynchburg with meeting Great @GoSquirrels! tonight opener home the for Squirrels Flying Richmond the on Cheering team! home the for root root, Root, secure &amp; safe coastline our keep to do you all for &amp; tour the for Portsmouth Base @USCG to Thanks challenges affairs foreign on students UN model &amp; servicemembers duty active veterans, ROTC, @ODUnow with Q&amp;A Great neighbors our and country our between relationships the in growth continued to forward look I begins, @SummitAmericas As Commonwealth. the for asset incredible an is facility This Lab. Jefferson at detector particle the out Checking President for candidate as her endorse officially now to thrilled &amp; 1yr nearly for @HillaryClinton support to Proud equal" created are men "all that principle his advancing continue to ourselves challenge let’s birthday, 272nd Jefferson’s Thomas On for time it’s b/c discrimination wage gender-based address to Act Fairness Paycheck the co-sponsor to proud , On @NAACP Virginia the of director interim named being for @gravelyjack friend my to Congratulations now Relations Foreign in markup bill to headed - way constructive in deal Iran review can Congress ensure to done we've work of Proud deal Iran review to Congress for process constructive our approved unanimously Cmte Relations Foreign – news Great 7am! at in tune - Congress in deal Iran of process review constructive a there's ensure to efforts our about @cbsthismorning to Spoke deal Iran an over deliberation congressional productive ensure to progress the about talk to @wolfblitzer with @CNNSitRoom on live Going economy. Virginia the to is @Dulles_Airport asset an critical how about morning this Seminar the at discussion Great tragedy following embraced it that hope &amp; community of spirit the &amp; today ago years 8 lost VT lives 32 the remember We forever bigotry ending to commit and lost were that lives of millions the remember we Day, Remembrance Holocaust On safety gun about serious get to Congress challenge &amp; community a honor tragedy, a commemorate to floor Senate the to Headed 8:35AM! at @1140WRVA on Barrett Jimmy friend my with up catching to forward Look happens: that ensure to bill a Introduced marketplace. the enter they before scrutiny careful receive should Opioids month: last interview our Enjoyed people! influential most 100 @TIME’s of one - @jorgeramosnews to Congrats professionals healthcare of generation next the of College-home Deming Murphy @MaryBaldwinColl's of dedication the At @shakespearectr than venue better a pick Can’t today! Staunton in the at Valley the in development economic talking Enjoyed b/c Virginians LGBT for equality full toward working keep we'll Together Dinner! Commonwealth @EqualityVA tonight's for Excited here: Watch relief. sequester includes that outcome an for Hopeful meeting. Committee Conference Budget to Heading @WTOP! at years 50 incredible an for @McConnellWTOP to Congratulations deal nuclear Iran the of review congressional discussing be I'll - now @mitchellreports to in Tune finally Let's General. Attorney qualified a of attributes the all has Lynch Loretta fair. focused, Experienced, weeks! 2 just in robot a rebuilding for @team5338 to out shout Special week! this to headed @FTCTeams VA the of all to luck Good competition! robotics a for fuel Great burger. @SteaknShake a beat to Hard @FTCTeams @team5338 .@AshburnRobotics today! steps Capitol the on students @FCPSHayfieldSS with weather beautiful &amp; trivia some Enjoyed yesterday. oversight @StateDept on @timkaine with work to great was It @sendavidperdue: RT beauty amazing Virginia's of us reminds Gap, Cumberland the to Bay Chesapeake the From office! DC our in interns fantastic some with lunch Great centers Corps Job Dominion Old and Ridge Blue the from James and Candice with Celebrating February in Tegucigalpa in him with met having after Capitol our to Hernandez President Honduran welcome to Pleased January in operation counterterrorism a in killed hostages the on statement My in! Tune priorities. education my &amp; transportation Iran, discuss to @kojoshow the on 12:06PM at live be I’ll Americans. all for justice ensure to hard work will she confident I'm Lynch. Loretta confirmed finally has Senate the days, 166 After @Randy_Forbes @RepRobertHurt @MarkWarner w/ Pickett Ft at ctr training security embassy of construction toward progress announce to Proud happens… what see we’ll so harmonica, my bring to me asked They studio! @LetsTalkLiveDC the by stop to About interview @CapitalDownload our here's - Iran, chat to yesterday by coming for @SusanPage to Thanks impacted. everyone with are prayers &amp; Thoughts Nepal. in assist to headed team rescue &amp; search VA-based the of service the for Grateful PM: 1:30 at Airs more. &amp; abroad crisis refugee Lynch, Loretta talk to Friday @News8NewsTalk on Bruce w/ down Sat Honduras in violence fleeing kids on @trulldc w/ interview my for commute morning your during @wamu885 to in Tune Kaine. Tim Senator with Skyping @ShenCoVASchools: RT Virginia in ban down struck that Circult 4th of lead follow will strong-hopeful is momentum equality Marriage @ShenCoVASchools topics great of lot a Covered Skype! on morning this @StrasburgHS from seniors bright w/some Chatted @fcpsnews steps Senate the on School High Alternative Bryant from students with speak to day Beautiful retirement. in him to wishes Best '08. in him appoint to Proud admirably. Commonwealth the served has Millette LeRoy Justice : at squadron ops cyber a locate to @AFSpace urge to delegation VA the of members &amp; @MarkWarner Joined AFB Langley at squadron cyber a locate to Force Air the urging again delegation VA @MarkWarner: RT safety food &amp; agriculture discuss to today @chickencouncil the from representatives with Met Arlington: in Memorial War @USMC the to improvements and upgrades make to &gt;$5M receiving is .@GoParks employment. to barriers to attention bringing and Summit Credentialing 2015 the hosting for @AmericanLegion to Thanks more &amp; , priorities, defense discuss to @US_EUCOM of Breedlove GEN with Met proud! VA make you Ahkei, Congrats finalist. @NEAarts a is Beach, VA from Togun, Ahkei look a Take today! me for Jenkins Louis by "Football" poem the recite Ahkei Watch @RWJF @VCUSocHealth . in health improving in play to role a have all We @ACT Campaign Readiness Career &amp; College 2015 the in semifinalist a named was who Greene, Lamar own VA's to Congrats here: Listen : re: Joan &amp; Mike with speaking be Will @WTOP. to tune 9:10am, At @KissRichmond in events discussing &amp; @COMMUNITYCLO w/ up Catching now. FM KISS to Tune Richmond! morning Good more &amp; Talking @SASCMajority. @SASCDemocrats here: live it Stream @US_EUCOM. on Hearing a to Heading @WLEE990: on live Listen w/@JackGravelyShow. in events week's this on thoughts my sharing now: Happening one good a it’s Hope ! @repbobbyscott friend &amp; colleague my to birthday Happy Vean: más. y igualitario, matrimonio Irán, sobre hablar para ayer @CNNEE en @imolinarescnn con reuní Me meet ends make to struggle should full-time works who one No poverty in live to have shouldn't workers Hard today. bill intro to @repbobbyscott &amp; @PattyMurray Joined Virginians 786,000 approximately of wages raise directly would bill FACT: raise a US in women 21M give would bill men. to paid $1 every to 79¢ earn VA in women avg, on @nwlc: to According should we if RT off. pays work hard that ideal American the to value restore Let's @ATLRaiderNation steps! Senate the on Mechanicsville in HS Atlee from Raiders some met I &amp; @RepDaveBrat .@MarkWarner, happen! it making for @MarkWarner to Thanks Hill. the on today Virginia from students AVID great some with Met end to needs practice abusive This competition. equestrian in belong doesn't soring Horse . the of cosponsor a as @MarkWarner Joined accidents train oil from safe communities keep to bill a intro’d I &amp; @MarkWarner derailment, Lynchburg the after 1yr @VaNationalGuard service dedicated your for you Thank CSSB. 529th based Beach Virginia the of soldiers the to home Welcome history: bill's the about more Learn Act. Americans Older the cosponsor to proud I'm and is May lives everyday American's older affect that issues the to devoted are We Committee. @SenateAging of part be to Happy @ReachHigher today anniversary initiative the for gear college their out broke Kaine Team @FLOTUS! Hey support: offering yesterday passed Senate the resolution the Read need. of time its in with stands safe communities our keep help &amp; changes important make will rule The standard. safety car tank oil federal long-overdue today’s see to Glad drive entrepreneurial &amp; talent innovation, talk to morning this RVA to tour the and @SteveCase Welcomed ways remarkable in nation our shaped has that community a honor &amp; Month Heritage American Pacific Asian celebrate to proud I'm @Coro_Pittsburgh from fellows impressive of group a &amp; McAuliff John student @urichmond former w/my discussion Great hoy! celebran que los todos a Mayo de Cinco feliz muy un deseo ¡Les @PrudentialSpirit service! community for honorees are who Tucker, and Emma Virginians to Congrats adversaries other &amp; against fight the in asset an be will He experience. w/extensive leader proven a is Dunford Joe" "Fighting GEN abroad &amp; home at time challenging a during leader phenomenal a been has He CJCS. as service extraordinary for @Martin_Dempsey you Thank VA in operations &amp; services care health discuss to @CarilionClinic based Roanoke of Agee Nancy CEO with down Sat here: More Dulles. at workload jeopardize &amp; National Reagan on burdens place not should bill reauthorization FAA Any against new a for need the and in attack the discuss to 4:05 at @CNN on @jaketapper Joining @TheLeadCNN: on me from More . new a up take to Congress for need urgent reinforces to tie Any coverage contraceptive denied being aren't women sure make to HHS urging w/@MarkWarner letter my Read Act Relationships Safe Teach pass to reason more 1 complaints: assault sexual campus in increase shows data .@usedgov do they everything for teachers hard-working your thank you sure Make ! Its live: Watch independently. live seniors helping are technology in advancements how on hearing @SenateAging to Headed seniors helping technology on hearing @SenateAging today's at story personal Charles' resident County Goochland hear to Great need in those all and veterans our elderly, sick, the for care who nurses dedicated the all to you Thank recently Ashburn in teachers their &amp; nurses future @gwNURSING with speaking of pleasure the Had against new a approve &amp; debate to obligation an has Congress why discuss I'll 5:20. at @NewsChannel8 &amp; 5:15 at @ABC7News to Tune new a pass &amp; debate to obligation its dodge to continued has Congress &amp; against action military of months 9 marks Friday thoughts my hear to tomorrow 2 @CSPAN to tuned Stay better. deserve families their and troops Our today new a on debate stalling quit to Senate the asking I'm why discuss to @NewDay at crew the join to About now. @CNN to Tune live Watch . vs mission the in new a pass to urgency the on shortly @fox5newsdc with speaking be I'll against new a pass to obligation its ducking keep can't Congress why explain to 8:40 at @WTOP with air On live: it Watch . against new a pass to colleagues my urge to now floor Senate the to Headed mission the authorize to neglected has Congress yet , against engagement military of months 9 marks Today unchecked and undefined unapproved, undeclared, on go war this let cannot We shameful. and cowardly is new a on silence Congress' on silent be can't Congress issue bipartisan a is This . against new a for push the on @JeffFlake of support to have to Glad http://… ISIL defeat to mission the behind is Congress that adversaries &amp; allies our show to AUMF an pass to @timkaine Joined @JeffFlake: RT an without vs engagement of month 10th our begins Tomorrow today: floor Senate the on speech My ICYMI: telling! story &amp; journalism quality of years 10 for staff the &amp; @ariannahuff to Congrats reader: @HuffingtonPost avid an From SFRC the in colleagues Republican and Democratic with on worked I which bill the for votes yeah 98 see to Proud support bipartisan strong with vs war the for new a Passing SFRC? the for step Next @DavidVitter @SenatorTomUdall law obsolete an reforms that today bill bipartisan important an join to Proud … &amp; in crises ongoing on colleagues and @AmbassadorRice with discussion finished Just @SenatorDurbin: RT vs new a on debate stalled has Congress shameful it's why explain to w/@WolfBlitzer @CNNSitRoom the Joining soon. @CNN to Tune against new a pass can Congress chances the and bill the about Gwen with Speaking @PBSNewshour! to channel your Change … @timkaine &amp; Laura wife my mother, my life: my impacted who've great the of Some @MarkHerringVA: RT an on voting or debating Congress without against war of months 9 marks Today job its do to backbone the lacks or about indifferent either is Congress that impression the leaves an on silence of months 9 it on vote a risking of afraid is Congress yet , vs mission the in lives their risking are VA, from some Servicemembers, vets our of sacrifice the forget never us Let Day. V-E on Europe in evil over prevailed forces allied the today, ago years 70 today forum Business! Means Transit Commission’s Transportation Virginia Northern the addressing of pleasure the Had Virginia better a build Lets jobs. creates &amp; growth economic fuels it projects, transportation &amp; improvements infrastructure fund we When ISIL against an on vote to time It's SFRC the in spirit bipartisan &amp; ISIL, against bill, on w/@JeffFlake op-ed @ForeignPolicy my Read there. out moms extraordinary other the of all and Kathy, mom my her, for grateful So Anne! with weekend Day Mother's fun a spending Loved recidivism reduce &amp; opportunities job expand help will – to agencies &amp; contractors federal for time It’s today. Vietnam for rights human of support in community Vietnamese-American the join to Proud Lorton in students @SoCoStallions w/ visited &amp; @SouthCountyMS at action in Saw week! the off start to way Great http://… @timkaine action. in programs Tech and Career our see to today visit his for Kaine Tim Sen. US to thanks Special @SouthCountyMS: RT @Gottemoeller Rose Security International &amp; Control Arms for @StateDept of Sec w/Under issues nonproliferation Talked vs new a on vote to unwillingness Congress' discuss to @hereandnow on @hereandnowrobin Joined families military for direction right the in step a are changes These initiatives. policy personnel new on announcement @SECNAV the Applaud jobs high-skilled pursue to looking schoolers high benefiting CTE on morning this @wamu885 from here listen good A future: its for plan better Care Day Area Plains Co. Rockingham helping bill a intro to @RepGoodlatte join to Proud community the in anchor beloved a is and County Rockingham in families to services critical provided has Center Care Day Area Plains The … VA. Central in filmed be to Loving Mildred &amp; Richard of lives the on picture motion major announces Gov @GovernorVA: RT history rights civil our of story powerful a It's VA! in filmed be will lives Loving's Mildred &amp; Richard on movie that Excited fleet carrier our maintain &amp; shipbuilders support community, defense VA's benefit will that provisions has Proud credentialing to reforms through prospects employment post-service servicemembers’ improves that amendment my : in Included cuts sequestration harmful against record on Committee Services Armed Senate the puts that another and here: bill defense FY2016 the on statement full my Read outset at possible think didn't many process constructive for houses both from support overwhelming bill, review of passage w/House policy foreign of matters important on way bipartisan in act can Congress that proof = desk President's to sent being bill ISIL against an passing by courage same demonstrate to colleagues my challenge I @techshop offered classes CTE cutting-edge innovative, the see to Excited tomorrow! Arlington in @TechShopDC Visiting communities our protecting sacrifice ultimate the made who heroes fallen our honor we Day, Memorial Officer Peace Nat'l On Arlington in @TechShopDC at printer!) 3-D a (even technology &amp; machines innovative using startups some saw Just @SenWhitehouse here reason your Submit now. and it’s why than more are There base naval largest world's Norfolk, Station Naval &amp; homes Roads Hampton impacts rise level sea by caused Flooding nation great this defend and serve, sacrifice, who uniform in women and men the all to you Thank @RTDNEWS Sunday's from thoughts my of More economy. our benefit can trade conditions, right the Under Beach! VA in Academy Languages World &amp; Studies Global School's High Tallwood with chat Skype a with week my Started NoVa for medicine personalized &amp; care cancer of importance on Speaking @GovernorVA. w/ event today's for @InovaHealth to way my On biotech in advancements through research cancer breakthrough funding on today @InovaHealth at speak to Honored success future to critical is and works education childhood Early program! @NatlHeadStart to 50th Happy &amp; it's why on time 100th the for floor the to taking @SenWhitehouse 2. @CSPAN to tune you sure Make Nola behind rise, level sea of risk at center population US largest 2nd the is Roads Hampton FACT: day per hours several tides daily by inundated be will Norfolk Station Naval into blvd city 2040, By Award! Gold her on Congrats News. Newport from Prox, Lauren met and today reception @girlscouts the by Stopped Virginia Southwest in missed be will spirit His Wilson. Joe legend music mountain of loss the by Saddened issue this ignore can't Congress too. VA affects epidemic abuse opioid - @MorningEdition @npr on listen Important weekend? Day Memorial enjoy beachgoers our let to Promise Commonwealth. the of waters the to back welcome @MaryLeeShark, Hey magnitude this of issue of discussion initiate cannot House that admission = today ISIL on comments .@SpeakerBoehner's troops support we show &amp; language authorizing up take to - Cmte Relations w/Foreign beginning - Senate for urgency increases This here: comments @SpeakerBoehner's on statement full My loans: student out taking when decisions informed make students help to doing is @usedgov what about more Learn kit: took their out Check you. help to here is @FAFSA loan? student your about Questions @FAFSA: here clicking by loan student your on you to available are options repayment of type what see can You home consider they communities the improve to chance a thousands &amp; reforms important prevents Delaying @UVA again! once champs national as year remarkable a off capped who @UVAMenTennis, to Congrats Cuba &amp; US the between relations for forward path on hearing Committee Relations Foreign Senate a to Headed time. is It rights. human for respect including values, &amp; ideas of exchange free the encourage will to ban travel the Ending Norfolk Station Naval at particularly preparedness, security national jeopardize of Effects right. is .@POTUS Roads Hampton for challenges serious poses This accelerating. is rise level sea of rate show Studies of impacts withstand to tools the DoD give should we readiness- defense our affect rise level sea let not Let's in Tune ISIL. vs fight in troops our support &amp; job its do to Congress for time past it's why &amp; talk to @mitchellreports Joining Room Caucus Kennedy historic the in event Month Heritage American Jewish the at speak to Honored rights women's &amp; relations international discuss to today office the to Delegation Women's Iraqi the welcome to Proud … Paz de Proceso y entre deshielo sobre hoy de audiencia sobre @CNNDUSA en @timkaine Sen. @CNNDUSA: RT in Tune Washington. in week the and trade, , talk to few a in @1140WRVA on Jimmy Joining Richmond! morning Good live: Listen trade. &amp; talk to @jfradioshow with air the on be to About troops our support &amp; mission define to an pass Let's thoughts? My ISIL. vs fight in forward steps talk to hearing SASC to way my On patch short-term a of uncertainty the not bill, infrastructure &amp; transportation long-term a of investments the need bridges VA 4,800 it need roads Our bill. transportation long-term a pass Fund, Trust Highway the Renew obsolete functionally or deficient structurally are the in bridges 4 in 1 Nearly FACT: roads unpaved bumpy, our down can the kicks patch term short A investments. transportation robust on depends life of quality &amp; economy Our hearing: SASC From strategy. our criticize to right no has Congress , an w/o ISIL against war of months 9 After here Read derailments. train prevent help can that @MarkWarner w/ technology PTC for funding increased for Calling education childhood early to access expands which Act, Children America's for Start Strong the Cosponsored priorities 2015 on today officials &amp; leaders local with meeting Great town! in is County Henrico Senate! the in service dedicated of years 30 for Kathy Director Administrative my to Congrats Washington: George of legacy &amp; life the on reflections &amp; thoughts my share me letting for @MountVernon to Thanks w/Iran deal review to process constructive have we ensuring to step today-final Act Review Agreement Nuclear signed @POTUS that Proud here: column his Read recently. @georgewillf with ISIL vs new a for need the discuss to chance the Enjoyed Anne with yesterday Southwest in trail Creeper Virginia the on view My today guidance us offer to continue words &amp; life his ages; the for figure saintly a is Romero Oscar bloom! in rhododendrons &amp; laurel Mountain Area. Recreation National Rogers Mt. Ridge, Feathercamp near Trail Mountain Iron on hiking Sunday freedom. nation's our of defense in sacrificed have who those honor we Together, Virginia! , Happy parade Day Memorial annual the with morning the off Kicking festivities! the all for today @marionvirginia in be to Excited @marionvirginia Marion! in parade June in opening grand its before Arts Appalachian of School Henderson Wayne the Touring SWVA. in culture rich much So 4667 Post @VFWHQ at today veterans Virginia brave of sacrifice the Honoring freedom our for sacrifice ultimate the made who those to Cemetery Veterans SWVA at respects Paying infrastructure to wage minimum from owners, biz American Asian Roanoke with discussion during ground of lot a Covered photos! for tuned Stay Fincastle. in (BTEC) Center Education Technical Botetourt the tour to way my On him. miss We'll enthusiasm. and distinction with Richmond represented and friend dear a was He passed. has Hall Frank saddened Deeply Barnett! Lisa @BCPS_tweets for CTE of Coordinator Guest, Union The Of State 2015 my with Fincastle in Reunited vehicles repair to skills trade mechanical the learn students where facility auto-shop BTEC's inside From need in family Co Botetourt a for home this building by @Habitat_org with community their improving are students BTEC River Lafayette the on restoration oyster with help to foundation @chesapeakebay Joining AM. this Norfolk in a Hosting oysters baby of bushels 150 plant @chesapeakebay helping by season planting the off Kicked Creek Mill Knitting at on grow will oysters that ball reef a Lowering today! River Lafayette the on restoration oyster with helped who volunteers the all &amp; @chesapeakebay to you Thank service public from lessons about Institute Leadership CIVIC the addressing before Scholar, CIVIC a Cheng, Met live: Watch today. Roads Hampton in stops my &amp; ISIL on interview my for 4PM at @WAVY_News to in Tune @NMCP1 Portsmouth Center Medical Naval at technology simulation the out Testing @NMCP1 at servicemembers helping equipment medical state-of-the-art &amp; staff talented the by impressed Very aquí: vivo en Escuchen más. &amp; sobre 1320 Selecta en Shalin con Hablando semana. esta VA en hecho he que discutir para minutos pocos unos en @lagrand1480 en Demetrio con Uniéndome live: Listen week. this VA throughout stops my about talk to in-studio @JackGravelyShow join to Excited ! @ScrippsBee 2015 the in competing are who Virginia from spellers talented the to luck Good comedy! some with up room the lighten to luncheon annual @vpapupdates the to way my On Project. Access Public Virginia ready Get years in reads favorite my of book-one @papergirlmacy's of celebration in brewed beer @ParkwayBrewing 1st my Enjoyed career! amazing an on Bob to Congrats on Sept last @facethenation on w/@bobschieffer interview great a to round! final @ScrippsBee the to way his spelled has who tonight, Muthusamy Tejas Allen's Glen to luck Good work need that bridges VA 4,800 other the or on problems infrastructure long-term the fix can't patches funding Short-term relations normalized of era new a starting of process the in step important an is list terrorism of sponsors state the from Removing family. Biden the to out goes heart My others. serving to dedicated life a was His passing. Biden's Beau of hear to saddened Incredibly bill transportation long-term a pass to Congress on call to @EleanorNorton &amp; @RepDonBeyer with to Headed corrosion found engineers after repairs emergency for closed partially be will months, 6 next the For https:… bridges &amp; roads our fixing about serious get to Congress for time --&gt; the on lanes the of 1/3 Closing @MarkWarner: RT bill transportation long-term a with to need the show to @RepDonBeyer w/ near Spoke to longer any wait cannot Congress congestion. traffic cause &amp; drivers VA affect will on closures Lane obsolete functionally or deficient structurally are that bridges VA 4,800 nearly of example one just is growth economic for platform our elevates &amp; commuters VA of lives daily the improves rail &amp; bridges roads, our Maintaining status world-class to infrastructure our restore to America in investments make or over &amp; over can the kick either can We to now act to Congress push should corrosion why discuss to shortly @WTOP Joining 2025-2050 b/t flooded be could Shore Eastern the on roads of miles 33 shows rise level sea on study New to bill long-term a for calling yesterday of front in remarks my of Video ICYMI: ISIL vs force military authorize to obligation an has Congress Cmte. Approps House in amendment her passing for @RepBarbaraLee to H/T people dangerous from away guns keep to checks record background comprehensive about serious get must We live: Watch policy. East Middle on have could deal nuclear an impact the on hearing a to Headed today! in County Caroline from leaders local see to Good here up Sign w/@chesapeakebay. Saturday this Day Bay the Clean at volunteer to day last the is Today Virginians! Hey round Regional Super the to journey @VCUbaseball's on story @RTDNews Great ISIL vs fight in troops our support to bipartisan a pass &amp; up step to Senate the for Time w/@ChrisCoons. Agree assault: sexual campus address colleges how improve to groundwork the laying is force task VA's here: Watch cuts. harmful fix to need we why &amp; VA for of importance discuss to floor the to Heading capabilities defense our harm @DHSgov, &amp; @FBI like security natl w/ tasked those especially agencies, non-defense to cuts sequester Mindless it do to time the Now's budgets. non-defense &amp; defense b/t relief to approach balanced a support sides both on Members accounts non-defense for relief additional requires which , to amendment @SenJackReed's support I … or replaced be to need bridges US 4 of 1 in deficient structurally of tour Quick @USDOT: RT today: floor the from remarks My relief. about serious get to need we , considers Senate the As letter: My lending. payday in practices predatory stop to rules possible strongest the implement to needs .@CFPB planning family access to right woman's a affirming decision, Connecticut v. Griswold the of anniversary 50th honoring resolution a Intro'd here resolution the Read … in combat to an on moving not Congress about @timkaine w discussion depth in an @shiftmsnbc on next Coming @LukeRussert: RT in resources more investing be to Need security. nat'l our harming is the that proof further is breach data Latest best country's the of one named was @rvadonuts Richmond's that me to surprise No ! It's @hermionevoyage France with shares the bond strong the of reminder historic A Yorktown! in landed has The privacy: your protect help to resources some are here breach: data yesterday's Following games! round Regional Super their in @UVABaseball &amp; @VCUBaseball to luck Good News Newport in Kennedy F John USS the on construction begin to contract a @HIIndustries awarded has @USNavy Thrilled soon @Morning_Joe w/ thoughts my Sharing war. this authorizing Congress without ISIL vs engagement military US of months 10 marks Today @Daily_Press: the in More ISIL. vs war on in weighing not by duty solemn most its shirked has Congress months, 10 For ISIL vs war authorize to failed has Congress shameful it's think I why on crew w/@Morning_Joe interview My ICYMI: tuned. Stay Resolve. Inherent Operation on week this way bipartisan a in act to Senate the in colleagues my push to plan I @usscoccer_wnt @FIFAWWC the in tonight @alikrieger, own VA's and , the to luck Good here: Read bill. reauthorization Dept State to amendment as w/@JeffFlake bipartisan first the introduced Just ISIL against mission the authorizing without by go war of months 10 let has Congress that Inexcusable ISIL vs. bipartisan a pass Let's nation. our &amp; troops our for right what’s do to together come finally to colleagues my challenge I … against mission the for support its voice to Congress allow finally will that @timkaine an Offering @JeffFlake: RT @timkaine: with bill reform @StateDept bipartisan a introduced have to Proud @sendavidperdue: RT today: @JeffFlake with introduced I bipartisan the of provisions Key ISIL vs authorization war for Senate in push bipartisan First today. intro'd amendment my Discussing 7:10pm. at Richmond @CBS6 to Tune USA! Team go Let's @usscoccer_wnt. the for time game It's safe Metro make to journey long of Part fix. quick not Metro for recommendations NTSB Today's commuters for forward going steps safety necessary adopting keep to delegation NOVA with work Will here: is place polling your where out Find today! primaries the in vote you sure Make Richmond. in voted Just Friday! up, Next night! last win great a on @ussoccer_wnt the to Congratulations ! go let's &amp; games the Enjoy @FIFAWWC. at Canada in travels Safe Hemphills! the &amp; @worldcupdad Roanoke's to out Shout manufacturers for opportunities trade fair enforce and ensure to petition @steelworkers Salem's of support in USITC at Testified Watch: ISIL. vs war define &amp; shape to aims that amendment bipartisan my about night last @CBS6 with spoke I today consideration for bipartisan 1st intro to @JeffFlake colleague Joined . on forward path a finding on up given Haven’t ignored be not should that duty constitutional a It's . on vote and discussion a ISIL fighting servicemembers the owes Congress ISIL an for forward path a on mtg Cmte Relations Foreign a hold to committing for @SenBobCorker to Thanks an pass to forward path similar a find can nonpartisan, it made &amp; issue partisan a took which , the confidence have I of impact economic the discuss to today colleagues Senate with Met solutions. innovative needs America , To Roads Hampton on rise level sea of impact major the explained he where meeting Senate a at Toll Ray @ODUnow's Introduced tourism businesses, local threaten could rise sea-level from Flooding real. are Roads Hampton in of impacts economic The here: live it stream or in Tune soon. @NewsChannel8 with in ISIL against an on forward path Discussing US! the to service public dedicated of years 27 for you Thank @librarycongress. of halls the in felt forever be will impact Billington's Dr. education higher affordable to access improve to ways discuss to today Alger Jon President @JMU with down Sat in Tune ISIL. combat to an on vote Congressional a for push my in latest the discuss to @fox5newsdc Joining live: Listen . bipartisan a pass can the whether about talk to @1140WRVA on Jimmy join to About ISIL vs war current the authorizing about thoughts my hear to @1070WINA to Tune Charlottesville! morning Good Congressional a deserve troops our why &amp; ISIL vs war America's on shortly Rumble Rick @FM99WNOR's with Talking Pickett Fort at the of construction stall to efforts to opposition in together standing is delegation VA The serving for you thank &amp; Congrats morning. this w/@MarkWarner VA from midshipmen &amp; cadets academy service future Met vets WWII Filipino to Medal Gold Congressional a award would that bill a intro to today colleagues w/bipartisan Stood afternoon this VA in times wait @DeptVetAffairs reducing on update an received I &amp; .@MarkWarner celebrate Let's America. in marriages interracial of prohibition the ended Virginia v. Loving prevailed. love 1967, in freedom of defense the in sacrifices your for present, &amp; past soldiers, the all to you Thank today. old years 240 turns @usarmy The here: click help/questions, casework For Russell! 231 visit Come wk. this space office DC new our into settling We're Manassas! &amp; Abingdon Roanoke, Danville, Beach, Virginia Richmond, in offices state 6 my of one to out reach always also can You here: more Read workers. female protect &amp; women for care health affordable to access expand to bills two Cosponsored stronger are Virginia across families contraception, to access affordable given &amp; workplace the in equally treated are women When Constitutions &amp; British the in today reflected still are principles document's The . ago years 800 signed was Carta Magna The works country beloved our to fully more contribute to shadows the from out come of thousands let has program yrs, 3 For works país gran nuestro a contribuyen que y sombras las en vivan no de miles que permitido ha años, 3 últimos Los practices financial predatory from servicemembers for protections stronger provide to w/@MarkWarner bill a Intro’d upgrades safety @FTA_DOT necessary make to Metro urge to today @SenatorCardin &amp; @SenatorBarb w/@MarkWarner, Stood challenges transit causing keep will funding inadequate &amp; infrastructure aging bill, transpo long-term a pass to willing is Congress Unless tomorrow released recommendations safety @FTA_DOT enacts ensure to colleagues congressional VA and MD with working keep will I guard. new the Meet going. or gone or policy foreign on leaders old Democrats' The @HuffingtonPost: RT htt… practices: financial abusive from families their &amp; servicemembers protect to aims The @SenBlumenthal: RT post critical this to nomination her support to Proud today. Smith Gayle nominee Administrator w/@USAID down Sat concerns management safety Metro on briefing @FTA_DOT an attending after today remarks My ICYMI: @FIFAWWC! of stage next the to advancing on @ussoccer_wnt to Congrats program the from benefiting VA about stories tell to floor Senate the to way my On Virginia. in ISIL against new a pass to need the on Q&amp;A a for tomorrow Facebook on ET 11am at live me join can you Hope why proving are VA these and earlier. floor Senate the from speech My ICYMI: today! interns summer DC my with lunch over discussion Great Blacksburg! of Lazar Mia participant Day History @NEHgov to Congrats http://t… here: it watch can You Speech! Great . supporting for @timkaine you Thank @VA_Immigrants: RT here: perseverance of story her Read scholarship. school high ever first @SpaceX's earned Falls Great of Annie celebration! anniversary 70th @NASA_Wallops the for side House the to over trip the Made here: live Listen . &amp; ISIL against a on latest the about talk to minutes few a in w/@jfradioshow air On friends and families victims' the with are prayers and Thoughts night. last Charleston in tragedy horrible the at saddened Deeply here: conversation the Join . new a passing &amp; ISIL vs mission discuss to today 11:00am at Q&amp;A Facebook a Holding questions! your to forward Looking ISIL. against mission the authorizing on Q&amp;A Facebook a off kick to minutes few a in on Logging now this on speak to floor the to ISIL-headed against new a not but small, and big issues many included has bill defense on Debate @timkaine Senator with meet Interns Summer @CHCI: RT leaders latino great next country's our be to aspiring are who @CHCI the from interns with Met ? ISIL against war the on not but Senate in rust vehicle on voted have we can How yet an on debate meaningful no been has there that Amazing million/day. $9 of cost avg an that’s – $ approx. ISIL: vs war of Cost justice of name the in died &amp; fought have who those all &amp; shooting the of victims the remember we , This country. our in rights human &amp; equality freedom, for struggle the of symbol a been has centuries two nearly For go to have we far how also but society, open &amp; equal more a towards march its in come has far how us reminds This athletes warrior amazing year's this to luck Good begin! @warriorgames the Let Quantico in ceremony opening @warriorgames the of conclusion the at @usairforce team of members Met ! the during supporting for you Thank @warriorgames @usairforce @timkaine @AFW2: RT Act! (STEP) Program Education Technical School Middle the reintroducing for @SenKaineOffice @timkaine to Thanks @dnchodak: RT month reflective and blessed a be this May world. the across and Virginia in Muslims to Kareem Ramadan them to available courses CTE of advantage full take to students encourages which Act Step Middle the Introduced tonight storms severe these through safe staying is Virginia Northern in everyone Hope Day! Father's happy yours, to family my From Vandy vs rematch tonight's of start the to forward Looking weekend. the over @UVABaseball by win a What Wahoowa! Championship! Youth Women's @AIBA_Boxing the at medal bronze a won who Kenney Iesha senior rising @TCWTitans to Congrats today that just do to order exec signed he thrilled – include to program Scholars Presidential expand to @POTUS on called I May, Last workforce the for students preparing in plays role pivotal recognize helps Scholars CTE Presidential of Creation Colombia on take they as @ussoccer_wnt the to luck Good tonight! straight second their begin they as @UVABaseball to luck of Best Hoos! the for time game It's Colombia vs night last @ussoccer_wnt the by win Great quarterfinals! Hello Commonwealth the for call right the is This plates. license issued VA from flag Confederate the remove to decision @GovernorVA's support I here: statement full My veterans our of overmedication opioid combat will which Act, Safety Opioid Memorial Simcakoski Jason the Intro'd tragedies future prevent help to @DeptVetAffiars at coordination &amp; oversight improves bill This sub @USNavy a aboard duty active for train to first the as selected were who sailors enlisted female the to Congrats ! alive! hopes championship their keep to tonight victory @UVAbaseball a for Rooting ! and luck Good tonight. the in game final decisive a force to night last team @UVAbaseball the by win Clutch Symposium Middle-Skills @theNASciences at today Senate the in initiatives on work my about speak to Excited workforce skilled &amp; well-educated on depends economy US of future the why &amp; on @theNASciences to Spoke Americans all for defend to bill a co-sponsored I &amp; @MarkWarner , the of passage after yrs 50 exercising from anyone preventing barriers remove also we important it's racism, of symbols removing on focuses nation the As women for pioneer a and people Monocan the for leader strong a was She passing. Bryant’s Chief of hear to saddened Deeply tonight… the in Commodores the down take Wahoos the that VA from bourbon Reservoir of bottle a wager I'll @SenBobCorker. Hey @UVAbaseball ! on It's today steps Discussed hospital. local reopen to working Authority, Hospital County Lee the with met I &amp; .@MarkWarner tonight championship first its home bring can @UVAbaseball Hoping Hoos! go we Here champs! National night. last championship first their winning on team @UVAbaseball the congrats Big care health affordable quality, high access to credits tax the on rely Virginians 300,000 Nearly . in ruling Applaud coverage off families push to opponents law care health by led effort heartless the of rejection direct a is in ruling hand in #7 Old with by stopped @SenBobCorker game, night's last on bargain the of end his Fulfilling http://… season! outstanding an on @VandyBaseball to congrats And @UVABaseball. Congrats, @timkaine. word, my of man a I’m @SenBobCorker: RT @TrumanProject ISIL vs new a passing and engagement, global world, the in role America's of future the on speak to to Headed deserve they respect &amp; dignity legal full the with treated relationships their have now will couples Same-sex marriage of joys &amp; privileges the couples same-sex denied have that bans discriminatory to end the welcome we Today union perfect more a create to quest continuing our in step important an is Today morning! this Fellows Leadership @MountVernon with issues other &amp; events current discuss to Great @alzassociation Alzheimer's prevent &amp; treat to efforts improve must we millions, For Fairfax in Dinner Jefferson-Jackson tonight's at @hillaryclinton and @vademocrats with celebrate to Excited week! a What go Let's tonight! @ussoccer_wnt the by win Great Syria &amp; Iraq in crisis humanitarian &amp; ISIL vs mission on focused CODEL a of part as Iraq &amp; Kuwait in days 3 after Amman in landed Just Mosque Grand the at here Pictured bombing. ISIL horrific Friday's following of people to condolences Offered @masoud_barzani President &amp; @NBarzani PM Government Regional w/Kurdistan Met yesterday. Erbil in was CODEL colleagues our for message a have I &amp; @MarkWarner friend my tonight, expiration @EximBankUS the of Ahead world the around services &amp; goods in billion $2 export businesses VA helped has @EximBankUS the '07, Since @TulsiGabbard With Aleppo. from km's 97 Only Turkey. Gaziantep, in today center urban an to visit a by Moved and line the on is Final Cup World the in play to chance A tonight! @ussoccer_wnt the to luck of Best statement: My Hemisphere. Western the in diplomacy US in era new a of beginning the marks announcement Today's 54yrs for missing been that’s ideas of exchange an &amp; travel trade, more bring will that relationship US- renewed a from benefit can VA declaraciones: Mis occid. hemisferio el en EEUU de diplomacia de era nueva de inicio el marca sobre anuncio El backlog clearance security the on details more for today @USOPM pressed I and .@timkaine @MarkWarner: RT here: statement My deserve. they recognition federal the receive finally will tribe Pamunkey the Thrilled settlers European first w/the contact making after years 400 over recognition, federal receive to tribe Indian VA first the are Pamunkey The tribes VA other for action spur will this Hopeful wrong. historical a righting towards step big a is announcement @USIndianAffairs Today's Syria and Iraq in crisis humanitarian the &amp; ISIL against mission the on focused East Middle the to CODEL a after stateside Back mission our defines that AUMF new a on vote a ISIL fighting servicemembers our owe We job. its do to Congress for time It’s Turkey Ankara, in @UVA!) (from interns &amp; w/officers Photo worldwide. embassies in work who FSO's the all to you Thank Spain Moron, in stationed w/Commanders CODEL from Photo abroad. serving troops our to you Thank July! of 4th Happy . win to African-American first the became Ashe Arthur own Richmond's ago, years 40 vsJPN @ussoccer_wnt ! GO LET'S victory Cup World exciting an such on the to Congrats champions! World star W&amp;M fmr - Ellis Coach &amp; @beckysauerbrunn @moeebrian players fmr Swanson, Coach @UVaWSoccer @alikrieger, strong! in coming VA @clairecmc cc: provisions Act Relationships key includes today introduced Act Thrilled violence sexual prevent &amp; awareness raise help can relationships healthy about students Educating behavior relationship safe teach schools secondary ensure help would Act Relationships thoughts my share to now crew @Morning_Joe the Joining Congress. from an without all ISIL, vs airstrikes of months 11 marks Today trip: East Middle recent my after &amp; ISIL vs strategy US on perspectives share to earlier @Morning_Joe on Was performances! their congratulate to want I &amp; @MarkWarner @ussoccer_wnt. the on well-represented was VA @richmond2015 here: details More Sept. this Richmond in are Championships World Road UCI The letter: Our deal. budget a reach and crisis avoid to President the &amp; Congress push to @MarkWarner friend my Joined http://t… Act! in included Act Relationships @clairecmc's &amp; @timkaine Sens of provisions Key @rweingarten: RT epidemic: heroin America's fighting to approach comprehensive a embrace to Congress push should report @CDCgov New here: in Tune Act. Relationships my on 8 at morning this live @fox5newsdc on Allison &amp; Steve with Talking @WCNRTheCorner: Joining . in now is that Act Relationships intro'd I students, w/@UVA meeting After Listen: schools. secondary in relationships should we why on thoughts my share to w/@tvmp1015 soon air On assault: sexual prevent could school secondary in behavior relationship safe emphasizing why discuss to @WTOP Joining measure commonsense this support will colleagues my Hope . to amendment my for support voice to floor the to Heading success! career for prepared are students ensure Let's Act. to amendment bipartisan my adopted colleagues my Glad ready career &amp; college are students ensuring &amp; positions open fill to w/skills workers retraining jobs, creating for solution a is subjects academic core our among recognizing by goals critical are readiness career &amp; college understand we students showed just Senate enemies defeat to commitment &amp; troops to support shows - vs war authorize must Congress agreed @GenDunford today, hrg confirmation In @clairecmc cc: bill in provisions the on speech a give to floor Senate the to Headed grounds statehouse from it remove to choice right the made @nikkihaley &amp; legislature SC division. of symbol a is flag Confederate The behavior relationship safe about discussions on emphasis higher a place would bill in provision Relationships safer country our make can It behavior. relationship safe promoting in role a play should schools Secondary Act Relationships the supporting for you Thank today! Hill the on here advocates @PPFA many So made been that’s progress from away walking than better is with possible deal best the get they sure make to time negotiators Giving here: statement full My same the do to Congress for time it's now and acted has bill: the into fits Act Relationships Safe Teach my how on speech floor My ICYMI: priorities defense nation's our on debate bipartisan thoughtful, to forward Looking Committee. Conference the on serve to Proud @WHAging here: live discussion the Stream . 2015 the holding are @POTUS &amp; @WhiteHouse the - now Happening too: it know I &amp; @MarkWarner practices. trade Chinese from wrongdoing been there's know Salem in manufacturers Tire Syria: in crisis humanitarian &amp; vs mission the on focused Turkey &amp; Iraq, Kuwait, to CODEL recent my about Read @ccpsinfo @CSPAN's attend to selected was who HS, Midlothian at teacher Warriner, Regina to Congrats whole a as nation the benefit and gap achievement the close help , a with students provide programs Quality learning of lifetime a for students more prepare can we education, childhood early to access expanding By opportunities learning work-based with students provide that schools rewards that amdt readiness career my passed just Senate succeed them help will that practices valuable are planning, financial like life, everyday in applicable skills students Teaching here: statement full My program nuclear Iran’s limit peacefully to solution diplomatic a find to work hard its for team negotiating the Applaud strength military to commitment its as important as bit every is diplomacy to commitment nation’s A interest. security national our in is it ensure to the review Congress have to deserves public The ahead weeks and days the in the of review constructive a on colleagues Senate my with working to forward Looking making! the in decade a nearly mankind for feat scientific amazing an What . the on @NASANewHorizons to Congrats op-ed: @PilotOpinion My campuses. college off &amp; on assault sexual prevent help can college before education Improved here: Act Relationships Safe Teach the on More offenders former for services community-based improve &amp; laws sentencing reform must US right. is .@POTUS chance second a at shot better a ex-offenders give to together work Let's Congress. this bipartisan been has today earlier from statement my Here's de… nuclear programa el frenar para acuerdo el sobre @TimKaine Virginia de demócrata Senador el con hablamos @CNNDUSA en Hoy @CNNEPrensa: RT diabetes with living those of lives improve can we how discussing &amp; delegates the meeting to forward Looking 1890! of Act Morrill the of years 125 celebrating Hill the on HBCU's of Presidents with soon Meeting Hammond! President Interim @VSUTrojans including Presidents, HBCU with spoke Just passing by assault sexual prevent help can Senate the how on story @Medium latest my out Check @JDRF diabetes &amp; pre-diabetes with living people for care help will that Act Commission Care Clinical Diabetes National Cosponsored @JudyWoodruff &amp; w/@SenatorIsakson 6:10 around @NewsHour on it reviewing in role Congress' &amp; Discussing behavior relationship safe about students teach they ensure &amp; stronger schools our make will it because the for voted I vote bipartisan a on Senate the passed just assault sexual prevent help to students @UVA by idea commonsense A behavior relationship safe on knowledge with students our equip will in provisions Act Relationship Safe Teach assault sexual &amp; violence domestic prevent help will communication healthy &amp; consent about earlier students Teaching curricula core as CTE recognize will Glad spectrum. educational the of part important an is information technical High-quality violence of act senseless this in lost those of families the to out goes heart My today. Chattanooga of out coming news Tragic vote! the before just today @MLWGS from students with shade some Caught story: Amazing technology! aviation unmanned SWVA in @ramusaorg to delivered be will supplies Medical Gala! @AT_Conservancy tonight's at Parks National our of benefits economic the &amp; Trail Appalachian the on time my about talk to Excited trail the of behalf on done work the all for you to goes honor real the But, tonight. me honoring for @AT_Conservancy thank to like Would @NPCA @AT_Conservancy generations future for preserve must we values intrinsic hold also but economy, VA's benefit only not Parks National the of passage &amp; the including Washington, in week busy the Discussing @jfradioshow. the to Tune Stream: . the for outlook Congressional the about talk to @1140WRVA on Jimmy Joining Richmond! morning Good today world the around Muslims to al-Fitr Eid joyous a Wishing Mubarak! Eid population: senior VA's for life of quality the improve will which Act, Americans Older the cosponsor to Proud VA! in issue this on leadership your for Thanks weekend this SWVA in services care health critical providing for @ramusaorg at professionals medical &amp; volunteers dedicated the to you Thank here: appointment an Make Lorton. and Dumfries in tomorrow hours office Connects Kaine hosting be will staff My countries both benefit can relationship renewed This America. Latin in diplomacy US of era new a marks embassy 's of Re-opening países ambos beneficiar puede renovada relación Esta Latinoamérica. en diplomacia de era nueva marca de embajada de reapertura La afternoon this peak to begin temperatures high as today hydrated &amp; cool staying is Commonwealth the throughout everyone hope I surface lunar the from photos of collection great @TIME's out Check moon. the on man a put America 1969 in I and @MarkWarner from More SWVA. in today @USDA the by investment broadband Critical success! mission &amp; flight space human to contributions for award Snoopy" "Silver the with honored engineers @NASA_Langley 6 the to Congrats summer this experience their with do to hope they what shared who @Wolf_Trap @NatlParkService's from interns Met VA in hunger childhood on work her for Award Year the of Advocate Child @VirginiaPTA the received just She @FirstLadyVA! to Congrats lenders: unscrupulous from families their &amp; servicemembers brave nation's our protect to today @POTUS by step Great dropped be will it Hopeful colleagues. Senate my to them expressed have &amp; idea this about concerns major have I process the describe to week last @CharlieRoseShow Joined . the reviewing in play to role big a has Congress community defense VA's Northern impacting issues about talk to out came who folks great the &amp; @kojoshow w/ up wrapped Just conversation hour-long our hear to tomorrow noon at @wamu885 to Tune NoVa: affect issues defense &amp; military how on discussion my hear to today noon at @kojoshow the to tune to sure Make here: appointment an Make Hopewell. &amp; Heights Colonial in tomorrow hours office Connects Kaine hosting is staff My … pregnant: being for job the off pushed be to afford can't Workers expenses. new means baby new A @nwlc: RT pregancy a during work at backs their has employer their that know to deserve who VA in workers w/pregnant stand I attacks cyber from safe US keeping to critical is @ICEgov Fairfax; in Center Crimes Cyber the of expansion major a be will there see to Glad attacks wolf lone from facilities military US protect to options better review to @DeptofDefense asking I'm tragedy, of wake In here: Carter Ash Secretary to letter my read can You assault sexual prevent to tool key a be can Education House. the in intro'd Act Relationships seeing Love preview a for 7am at @Morning_Joe join I'll Committee, Relations Foreign the in tomorrow for set hearing Senate first the With @wamu885 City! Crystal in to out turned who all to Thanks night. last from w/@kojoshow discussion My ICYMI: here: it Stream debate. robust a to forward Looking tomorrow. the on hearing first its holding is The @Morning_Joe at crew the with today hearing first the into going thoughts my share to About donuts! &amp; coffee over morning this @girlscouts &amp; @boyscouts VA of group impressive an with talking time great a Had testify: @USTreasury &amp; @ErnestMoniz @JohnKerry Watch SFRC. the in hearing first the to way my On Act Equality the Support discrimination. housing &amp; paycheck unfair face still Americans debate: constructive for process this on agreed Congress Glad hearing. SFRC first today's at remarks My Virginia in assistance for 866-3HUNGRY call or 877-877 to COMIDA or FOOD Text summer. the for out is school when increases hunger Child here: found be can program meals summer VA's about information Additional aquí: Veálo Congreso. el en con nuclear acuerdo el para pasos siguientes los sobre @NoticiasDC con hablé Ayer, : the in role Congress' discussing yesterday from crew @Morning_Joe the with interview my Here's ICYMI: 757-550-3535 to FEED text or 757-627-6599 calling by food Donate help. your needs bank food Roads' Hampton practices discriminatory of victims never are disability a with living Americans ensure helped has ADA the passage, since years 25 bill: my on editorial @NewsInTheBurg’s Read college. before start should prevention assault sexual on Education propuesta: mi sobre editorial este Lee secundaria. la en comenzar debe sexual abuso del prevención la sobre Educación Turkey into fled have who refugees Syrian the for zone protected a create to Turkey and the between cooperation greater welcome I crisis refugee unprecedented an with dealing countries on burden the ease &amp; aid humanitarian unfettered of flow the allow would zone a Such family. black a for security economic &amp; poverty between difference the mean can salary fair A Act: the about more Learn succeed. family whole the helps women black for teacher: winning award @EPA @usedgov HS Valley Loudoun local a McGranaghan, Liam on story profile this out Check smoothly! operating floor Senate the keep help who Pages Senate hard-working VA's Nate, &amp; Monica to you Thank government local &amp; state in time my &amp; service public discuss to DC in afternoon this Fellows Governor VA's with Met completed: are checks background until sales halt to dealers firearm on calling I'm shooting, Charleston of wake In today! interns summer of group great this with lunch Had issues: delivery mail rural on House Court Charlotte in hours Connects Kaine host will staff my 4th, Aug. Tuesday On workers &amp; employers industry defense benefit programs apprenticeship how discussed we today Subcmte Readiness SASC the In development: work-force in investing are companies why &amp; programs apprenticeship of value on piece @nytimes this Read program each of impacts positive historically the celebrate Let's law. into signed were &amp; ago years 50 here: it Read ACA. the under expanding for argument the make I and @SenSherrodBrown @USATODAY, today's In http://t… practices. best shipyard on testifying after yesterday @timkaine to talks Operations, Trades VP NNS' Bagley, Ray @HIIndustries: RT Act: Relationships Safe Teach my discuss @rweingarten @AFTunion's watch to 12:30 at @HuffPostLive Visit here More programs. training workforce for Grants Pell expand would that bill a Act, JOBS the introduced Just century 21st the of demands the meet that pathways career of wide-range a support policies education higher federal ensures Act JOBS The needs workforce regional fill help can we credentials, skills-training technical seeking students to accessible more Grants Pell making By at50 here letter our Read . expand to states urging are I &amp; .@SenSherrodBrown &amp; of anniversary 50th the on speech a give to floor Senate the to way my On Virginians for worked has century, a half nearly For funding federal receive to Act Rights Civil the with comply them making by hospitals desegregate helped insurance health afford to chance the people 400,000 to up give would Virginia in expansion economy the to boost dollar $ a mean would It . expanding from benefit economic direct receive to stands VA años… 50 los y Irán con nuclear acuerdo el sobre audiencias de habla @TimKaine Virginia de Demócrata Sen. el @CNNDUSA en Hoy @CNNEPrensa: RT &amp; of anniversary 50th the commemorating speech floor my Here's ICYMI: epidemic: growing this combat and abuse opioid deter help will that bill bipartisan a Introduced services care primary important Americans million over deny would that legislation against vote to floor the to Headed I why That’s care. health quality high of source only their is Parenthood Planned , the across families &amp; women many For : his on statement my Read today. @POTUS from speech Important issue this tackles the glad I'm . combat must we agree: all leaders religious &amp; officials military Scientists, this do can We 15yrs. in pollution air cut to us asks Obama President 2015 In 7yrs. in moon the to go to us asked Kennedy President 1962 In it support will I reason, this For cannot. hostility &amp; isolation what achieve can diplomacy patient that shown has America , the On means diplomatic peaceful through years many for it disables and forward progressing was that program weapons nuclear a takes The weapons nuclear obtaining to path a adversary an denying about is It adversary. an of out ally an making about not is The @virginia_tech! &amp; @OldDominionUniv @UVA to Congrats women. &amp; men for rankings preseason @NSCAA 25 top the in are schools VA Three tonight: events in participating are communities Virginia many that hear to Great here: RSVP foreclosure. home on tomorrow County Henrico in hours Connects Kaine holding is office My here: appointment an Make 2-4pm. from afternoon tomorrow Chesapeake in hours Connects Kaine holding is office My … @timkaine: &amp; @GeneHealy featuring ISIS with fight the on forum policy tomorrow's for register to day Last @CatoEvents: RT : here right 11:20am at @AmericanU at today the on speech @POTUS's watch can You new a pass to efforts my &amp; ISIL vs airstrikes of anniversary one-year the on Thurs @CatoInstitute to Speaking : the supporting yesterday floor Senate the from speech My ICYMI: education! &amp; research marine in leader a as years 75 on @VIMS_News congratulating are I and @RobWittman @MarkWarner veterans for program degree nursing baccalaureate new a develop to able be will Sciences Health of College Jefferson help, @HRSAgov Through bipartisan new a on vote to need &amp; ISIL vs airstrikes US of anniversary year one Saturday's about soon floor Senate the on Speaking an on voting by ours do to Congress on waiting still are they But job. their doing are troops our ISIL, vs fight the into year One baffling is in diplomacy to challenge energetic its and ISIL vs war to indifference Congress' between Contrast expands conflict as needed is new A day. per spent $ serving. troops 3,000 airstrikes. 4,462 ISIL: vs war unauthorized of year One : the &amp; ISIL against new a on inaction of year a discuss to soon @fox5newsdc with live on be I'll here: in Tune ISIL. vs war the of anniversary year one upcoming the discuss to @CatoInstitute to way my On participation civic of means critical this of robbed not are Americans ensure helped has Act Rights Voting the years, 50 For need they protections the citizens give to way bipartisan a in work can Congress hope &amp; VRA the restoring fully to committed remain I 2015 of Act Advancement Rights Voting the about more Read here: Stream . &amp; the on 10:40am at morning this interview @HuffPostLive first my doing be to Excited remarks: My . new a on vote &amp; debate must Congress expanding, keeps &amp; year one reaches ISIL on war As ICYMI: an passing w/out recessing is Congress that reality troublesome the &amp; the on w/@HuffPostLive Spoke ISIL vs an pass to effort continued my about @newsadvance the in editorial today's out Check ISIL vs war unauthorized of year one after new a for fighting I'm why about writing for @roanoketimes to Thanks war the on vote &amp; debate a them owes Congress ISIL. fighting lives their risked have - VA from many - troops 1yr, For ours do to Congress on waiting still they're but jobs their doing are servicemembers our ISIL, against mission the into year One @JeffFlake: with resolution my Read Congress. in new a on forward path bipartisan a is there believe I @washingtonpost: in anniversary this on oped My yr. 1 for ISIL vs war the on vote or debate to refused has Congress @PilotOpinion in piece yesterday's Read approval. Congressional w/out still ISIL vs war of year a marked weekend This employees catering &amp; cafeteria Senate's the for wages better for pushing are I &amp; .@MarkWarner Library: Centre Burke the at hours office Connects Kaine holding are staff my of members Burke, in Tomorrow 7-14: Aug @colonialwmsburg to admission free get can You Roads? Hampton in Live history? of Fan school! new their in today year school the begin they as @LouisaCountyVA in School High Louisa to wishes Well AUMF: an pass to Congress pushing &amp; education incl. on, working I’m issues on posts longer for @medium on me Follow here appointment an Make Library. Oakton the at tomorrow hours office Connects Kaine holding is staff My Oakton! Hey leadership new including changes, dramatic see to need We with. dealt not &amp; July in detected was problem track Metro that unacceptable It’s @USFWSNortheast lovers! nature for is Virginia Beach. VA in Refuge Wildlife National Bay Back from pic morning Early diplomacy of era new a and relationship renewed our symbolizes Cuba in embassy the of opening The diplomacia de era nueva una simboliza en EEUU de embajada la de reapertura La retirement in security economic deserve all that Americans to promise our remains it law; into signed FDR ago yrs 80 Center Medical VA Hampton the to visit a with Virginia of tour 5-day my off Kicking @Chamber757 Roads Hampton in growth job &amp; development economic talk to @MarkWarner &amp; leaders business local with forum a is today stop Next ASAP problems these with deal to Have lapse. safety critical with deal to meeting board scheduled up moving @WMATA Appreciate family w/his Thoughts professor. UVA and leader NAACP founder, SNCC as rights civil of promoter Bond, Julian of passing the by Saddened Beach VA in businesses small impacting issues the about today leaders business Latino with conversation a Held ISIL vs new a on vote Congress have to effort continued my &amp; the Roads, Hampton in day my discuss to soon w/@13NewsNow Live issues: military &amp; VA Hampton the visiting on today interview @13NewsNow my ICYMI: 'impressive' progress VA Hampton @timkaine: Sen. @Daily_Press: RT in! Tune yesterday. Roads Hampton in learned I what share to soon Lewis Cathy @WHRO's Joining ! about speak to afternoon this @timkaine host to stoked is Astyra @AstyraCorp: RT @theMBL today Richmond from leaders business African-American with discussion a Hosted walk! retail a for Person Mayor with meet to Emporia today? 58 Route on stop First Hill! South in Theatre Colonial historic the of tour a me giving for Callis Kim Manager Town &amp; Horne Mayor to Thanks Capitol the over flown been that's one new a them Sending missing. going flag 139's Post @AmericanLegion about Heard economy global competitive a in compete to need they training the get students helps @NewCollegeInst The machine! coater academic new a of unveiling the witness to got I @NewCollegeInst, touring While Hillsville. stop, Next Leap! Lovers from view the Enjoying agriculture! vocational for lab STEM first country's the out check to School High County Carroll Visited Company Furniture @Vaughanbassett employers: largest Galax's of one toured and employees with Met resilience climate on work strong its for cities target @americorps Resilience 10 of 1 as @WhiteHouse by named today – Norfolk to Kudos Park! Calfee historic in game Yankees Pulaski the at pitch first the out threw Just VA across employers &amp; families impacts which epidemic, abuse opioid the combat to how on focus a with tour economic 5-day my Concluding VA in deaths opioid of amount the reducing in role a play can policy federal how brainstorming earlier Radford In integration gender for direction right in heading Military history. making school, Ranger pass Griest 1LT &amp; Haver CPT @USArmy see to Great Elrod! Mayor with Lexington in @dbbrewingco Touring VA. in week my conclude to way fun A IPA Point Eight the recommend I beer? @dbbrewingco favorite your What's ISIL vs war year-long a authorize to neglect Congress' on @TheAtlantic from read A birthday! 99th Park's the celebrate to tomorrow @ShenandoahNPS to admission Free parks beautiful Virginia's at admission Free birthday! 99th its celebrates @NatlParkService the as today debt! student reduce and access college increase help Will enrollment. dual on @NovaAccess by step Great family @WDBJ7 entire the and Adam and Alison of ones loved to sympathies Deepest morning. this Moneta in tragedy senseless by Heartbroken violence of act horrific this following recovery Gardner's Vicki for Praying Adam. and Alison you, love We @WDBJ7: RT http://t.… → live Watch conference. the off kickoff the for EDT am 9 at tomorrow us Join @HUDgov: RT @SecretaryCastro! &amp; Mondale VP Fmr. with today Conference @HUDgov's off kick help to Excited here: live Conference the Watch conference @HUDgov the at practices housing fair for advocating experiences my Shared https://… too: can, friends your so this RT and assault, sexual stop help to pledge the Take @WhiteHouse: RT assault sexual campus prevent help can school secondary in consent, constitutes what like behavior, relationship safe Teaching the supporting we're why discuss will I and veterans post-9/11 @TrumanProject, today, PM 2:00 At Richmond in today diplomacy &amp; the of support in @TrumanProject the from veterans post-9/11 with Stood @TrumanProject weapon nuclear a to path a adversary an denying about It's adversary. an of out ally an making about not is The @TrumanProject years many for peacefully it disables &amp; success near was that program weapons nuclear a takes it – the support I leadership strong his continue can he sure make to work I'll &amp; AG as him have to lucky we’re – accomplishments @MarkHerringVA's of proud So epidemic: this combating on focused is @HillaryClinton Grateful VA. across communities harming is abuse Drug imp… not women, empower to govts on call we rgts women's on conf historic of anniversary 20th approach we As @AmbassadorPower: RT @richmond2015 here: more Learn Championships! World @UCI_cycling the hosts Richmond until counting and days 15 here: information More 9th! Sept. week, next Lexington in hours office Connects Kaine hosting be will staff My do! to more much so and for you thank to much movement--so labor the in sisters and brothers our To workers. American all to Happy persons: prohibited other or felons to sales for responsible sellers gun hold would that today bill a introducing I'm persons prohibited other or felon a of hands the in firearm illegal an place casually to able be should one No studies their and class to return they as teachers and students Virginia's of all to luck Good week. this Congress!) (like back are Schools family @WDBJ the and Ward Adam Parker, Alison to tribute pay to floor Senate the to headed I'm soon 2 @CSPAN to Tune people. prohibited to firearms selling for accountable sellers gun holds that bill new my discuss also will I @timkaine for need on @washingtonpost by piece Good @JeffFlake: RT today @USNavy the in Commander to Reeve, James mine, of fellow defense former a promote to honor an was It can. you if 6:40am around in Tune @Morning_Joe. from crew the with @IranDeal the discuss to tomorrow early up be I'll in! Tune process. review Senate the from latest the &amp; @IranDeal the on @Morning_Joe of crew the with speak I'll minutes few a In live: Listen accountability. increase &amp; violence gun prevent to take can we steps discuss to @1070WINA join to About here: in Tune Act. Firearms of Transfer Responsible the bill, new my about @1140WRVA on Jimmy to Talking peace lasting achieve to w/adversaries diplomacy US of tradition follows &amp; quo status than better far is .@IranDeal questions: with by Stop Lexington. in Library Regional Rockbridge the in noon at hours office hosting is staff My peace achieve to adversaries with diplomacy of tradition its follow must US the why &amp; @TheIranDeal on soon w/@mitchellreports Speaking here Watch diplomacy. and @TheIranDeal supporting I'm why explain to floor Senate the to heading I'm 11 as young as children for OxyContin approve to decision FDA into investigation an for call to @Sen_JoeManchin &amp; @MarkWarner Joined here: letter our read can You violence gun prevent to solutions commonsense for rally @MomsDemand &amp; @Everytown the to headed I'm today advocates reform gun passionate other many &amp; @MomsDemand @Everytown alongside speak to Honored checks background universal like violence, gun from safer country our make to solutions for pushing keep I'll people prohibited from away guns keep to aims bill my but violence, gun to solution one not There's might military our enhances diplomacy strong diplomacy, enhances military strong a as Just world peaceful more a creates &amp; values American our of part fundamentally is force military before diplomacy using believe I Iran with quo status the than position better a in world &amp; the puts The yesterday. than important more is Tomorrow safer world the makes &amp; diplomacy American of traditions best the honors deal This today. the of support in voted I disappointing &amp; unfortunate is - to agreed as - threshold vote 60 a with the on vote down or up an allow to unwillingness GOP vote the after floor the on detail in more this addressed I @AndyjudxUSA here: vote the following Senate the of floor the from speech my watch can You followed that wars the in served who those &amp; 9/11/2001 on lives their lost who thousands the honor we Today, Act: Reauthorization Compensation &amp; Health 9/11 Zadroga James the co-sponsor to Proud attacks 9/11 the of because ill becoming of at-risk or ill currently are who individuals of thousands to care much-needed provides bill This here: bill my about more Read workforce. talented nation’s our growing to critical are programs Apprenticeship missed. be will He greats. all-time NBA's the of one Malone, Moses native Petersburg of passing the of hear to Sad Hashanah Rosh observing everyone to Year New healthy and happy a Wishing process: application @FAFSA to changes &amp; affordability college discuss @arneduncan &amp; @POTUS now: Happening options ed higher their about decisions informed make students help will step This forms. @FAFSA on announcement @WhiteHouse the Applaud aid financial for process application disjointed a up speed &amp; students &amp; families empower can we data, year prior-prior use them letting By march Justice for Journey the of end the marking leaders @NAACP join to Memorial Lincoln the to headed I'm @NAACP's the of end the mark to today Memorial Lincoln the of steps the on speak to Honored nation stronger a us make will opportunity of doors Opening society. equal more a towards march its in far come has America Congreso al España de Letizia Reina la y VI Felipe Rey al bienvenida la di Le Congress to Spain of Letizia Queen and VI Felipe King Welcomed objectives mission define can that new a issue to Congress for urgent is it and complexity in growing is ISIL vs Fight vote to right constitutional their exercise to need they protections the citizens give to must We @IAFFNewsDesk co-sponsor to proud I'm bill a , for advocating are who firefighters NYC &amp; VA with Met too. do you if RT . to Congress urging responders first 9/11 w/our Congress of halls the walks he as Stewart w/Jon stand I permanent. programs these make &amp; must Congress deserve. &amp; need they care w/the them provide to heroes 9/11 our to it owe We to Congress Urge 9/30. on expire to begin will programs health 911 critical act, to fails Congress If bill important this discuss to today responders first w/ Met . of co-sponsor &amp; supporter strong a I'm @TimBurnIAFF Orange Agent by harmed were who veterans Water" "Blue of thousands help to bill a on @MarkWarner Joining up? them back you Can ready! are racers tiny Our race! relay of start until MIN 5 @MomsRising: RT … Hill! Capitol on race to ready too, here is @SenBobCasey &amp; on are faces game our tied, are laces Our @nwlc: RT ! get kids help Let's relay! learning early an for morning this lawn Capitol the on @MomsRising &amp; @nwlc join to Excited lawn! Capitol the on rally learning early the at morning this singalong little A children for opportunities learning early improving &amp; expanding by gap achievement the reduce help can We learning of lifetime a for students more prepares education childhood early to access Expanding here: them about more Learn programs. preschool quality expand that bills of pair a introduced I've Roads: Hampton in workforce maritime regional grow to @TCCva, like institutions, empower will that bill a Intro'd juntos! celebrar por Emocionado nación. nuestra de integral parte una son latinos Los aquí sobre enteras declaraciones mis leer Puedes key be will Mull Amb. &amp; essential enforcement and oversight vigilant – implementation for coordinator US of announcement Welcome Pointers! Go year. the of Principal VA named being on School High Point West of Dorsey Mark to Congrats Pointers! Go year. the of Principal VA named being on School High Point West of Dorsey Mark to Congrats week this firefighters NYC and w/VA Met Congress. pass it see to fight will and bill the co-sponsored I've why It's Absolutely. @IAFF4145 tonight! Island Brown’s at ceremony opening an with championships @UCI_cycling the off kicks Holton! Linwood Gov. father-in-law, fantastic a to today birthday happy very a Wishing neighbors. be and together live to able be to ought humans all recognized who visionary a lost has Virginia Simon, Bob In loved &amp; created he community the in on live will legacy his know I &amp; year last in birthday 100th Bob’s celebrate to honored was I family his with are prayers My duty. of line the in serving while away passed Smith, Nathan-Michael Trooper finest, VAs of one that Saddened FM to tune can you Hope minutes. few a in @WNEW with Congress to speech historic upcoming @pontifex’s Discussing 7:30AM: at @fox5newsdc with me to means visit his what discuss I'll Thursday, Congress addressing @pontifex With it against voted I precedent, of years 40 &amp; Amendment 14th the violates ban abortion 20-week the Because 13th Oct. is Deadline register. to @vaELECT with touch in Get vote! to right your exercise , On @Reagan_Airport welcome hero's a to arrive Flight Honor female all first the aboard Veterans @Reagan_Airport: RT affected. those all for Praying news. tragic this about hear to heartbroken so are and Dana and Edd love I and Anne octubre. de 13 es límite fecha La registrarte. para @vaELECT Contacta votar! a derecho tu Ejerce here: info More cams. body police for funding federal receive will localities VA 5 that announced I and .@MarkWarner serve bravely they communities &amp; police b/t relationships positive build &amp; transparency increase can that approach an is cameras body of Use fast easy peaceful, a Kippur Yom observing world the around those and Virginians all Wishing Thursday on Congress of meeting joint a to address historic his hear to and town in have to Excited Jueves este Congreso del junta una a histórico discurso su escuchar y de visita la por Emocionado today arrived Francis Pope after shortly afternoon this Hill the on leaders religious of group a Addressed Richmond: in discrimination housing fighting experiences my about story @Medium latest my Read forgotten be never will personality infectious &amp; career remarkable His Berra. Yogi legend Yankees of passing the of hear to Sad centuries: the over ride @Pontifex's of evolution the out Check popemobile! the is so means which DC, in is Pope The congrats! - 2016 in debate Presidential Vice the host to selected just was @longwoodu Virginia's official! It's heritage: Hispanic America's &amp; visit Francis' Pope between connection important the on @RTDNEWS the in op-ed my Read EEUU los en hispana herencia la y Papa del visita la entre importante conexión la sobre @RTDNEWS en opinión mi Lea @richmond2015 ! in Championships World @UCI_cycling the at trials time Watching : Congress to address Pope's the on @Georgetown at thoughts my share I'll week this Later repeal pre-DATD discharged dishonorably troops for Act Members Service to Honor Restore the co-sponsor to Proud wrong. horrible a right helps It bill. this on leadership his for @SenBrianSchatz thank to Want today Congress to address historic @pontifex's before thoughts my discuss to 6:25am at @wusa9 with Speaking message his hearing to forward looking I'm why on soon w/@ABC7News talk I'll today. Congress address to set is Francis Pope @telemundonews! a sintonízate – Congreso al del discurso del antes 7am las a @lorimontenegro con hablar por Emocionado country our in time important an such at comes address Congressional @Pontifex's why discuss to soon crew @Morning_Joe the Joining in! Tune history. in Congress to address @Pontifex first the discussing 8am at morning this @NewDay CNN on be I'll address! @Pontifex's for here be to honored So Chamber. House the to over Headed together work people when accomplished be can what show to examples American used &amp; Congress for expectations high set @Pontifex how Loved Congress to address reflective &amp; historic @Pontifex's to reaction My tomorrow! everyone with day historic this discussing to forward looking much Very world. the around Muslims to Mubarak Eid an wish and pilgrims all of safety and health the for pray I al-Adha, Eid This @Medium: en más Lee país. nuestro de hispanas raíces las celebrar a inspira nos EEUU los a Papa del visita La yesterday Congress to speech and visit historic Pope's the on discussion a for @GUPolitics join to About you: near are events which out Find tomorrow. off kicks @VAScienceFest The Lovers! Science for is Virginia @GUPolitics Thanks DC. in time Pope's the on discussion thoughtful a for group wonderful a &amp; you join to Great Same! @GUPolitics! Gracias Papa! del visita la sobre discusión buena muy una por y contigo platicar placer Un Igualmente! Woodbridge! in 1681 Blu at team the meet to Great @uci_cycling Richmond! in race road women's elite the Watching event successful a such for community the &amp; Jones Mayor team, @Richmond2015 the to Thanks . in races @UCI_Cycling the catch could I Glad year's this at well so do breweries VA the all and City Port see to Glad done! Well here: live Watch East. Middle the in crisis refugee the on hearing a hold will SFRC the , 10am at Tomorrow regime Assad the of brutality the fleeing those protect better to order in zones safe humanitarian more or one establish should allies &amp; US aquí: en refugiados los de crisis la sobre audiencia una tendrá SFRC el am, 10 las a Mañana Siria en Assad de brutalidad la de huyendo aquellos proteger para segura humanitaria zona una mínimo establecer debemos aliados y EEUU Los @CecileRichards &amp; to proud I’m Americans. million to services care primary critical provides Parenthood Planned role: humanitarian 's the and East Middle the in crisis refugee the discussing is SFRC the now: Happening EEUU los de humanitario papel el y Oriente Medio el en refugiados los de crisis la discutiendo está SFRC el Ahora: program: Federal the of reauthorization 1-year a for calling members delegation VA &amp; @MarkWarner Joined week this expire program this let to not to Congress urging in us Join students. lowest-income the for reality a college make @usedgov Schools! @NatlBlueRibbon as selected just Commonwealth the in schools the all to Congrats @macfound Reston from winner Grant Genius MacArthur &amp; entrepreneur environmental , a Cohen, Gary Meet enjoy to generations future for environment sustainable more a create to helping is work innovative Your Gary. Congrats, Commonwealth the of areas other &amp; into moves flooding flash as today safe stay to precautions takes everyone hope I Syria: in crisis humanitarian the concerning policy East Middle on hearing SFRC today's at remarks My ICYMI: Siria: en humanitaria crisis la sobre Oriente Medio el en hoy SFRC del audiencia la en comentarios mis ICYMI: 2015 to 1965 from culture Enriching @NEHgov! to anniversary 50th happy and Congrats economy the &amp; children our for dividends huge pay will education childhood early in Investing rally! @HeadStartgov a at speak to About shutdown needless another avoids and open government the keeps that CR clean a for voted Just economy VA’s &amp; security national threaten that cuts sequester replace to compromise a reach &amp; fights partisan unrelated aside put let’s Now futures bright for children our preparing in role crucial a played has @NatlHeadStart years, 50 For Washington Denzel advocate @BGCA_Clubs passionate and winner award @TheAcademy two-time met just I and .@MarkWarner leaders great become &amp; passion their find VA in many helped also It's life. Washington's Denzel in role important an played .@BGCA_Clubs development economic &amp; creation job about conversation Great today! dealers @JohnDeere Virginia local with Met updates for @VDEM Follow emergency. of state a declared has @GovernorVA VA, to headed weather severe and rain heavy With here: found be can information More weekend. this into heading precautions take &amp; safe stay to sure Make society of segments certain of rates over-incarceration reduce to steps several takes Act Corrections &amp; Bipartisan families on had have minimums mandatory effects damaging the reduces that agreement this on worked who Senators of group bipartisan Applaud Hoos studies your on luck Good today! candidates Masters Policy Public School Batten @UVA with Met service his for him thanking citizens Norfolk join I &amp; city great a in job great a did He vision. &amp; energy Fraim's Mayor admired always I've economy manufacturing advanced America's of celebration a - is Today VA Southern in manufacturers advanced the to Roads Hampton in shipbuilding from companies, manufacturing talented to home is VA manufacturing advanced in workforce our growing to critical are programs Apprenticeship ISIL vs war the for vote an hold &amp; debate to Congress for push my on piece @MorningConsult's out Check Quarterly: Connections Capitol Virginia in me from More tomorrow. not issue, today a is change VA, For online secure be to practices good and threats cyber about more learn to Visit month. is October threats from citizens American protect to more do must government the common, increasingly become cyberattacks As rates graduation increase &amp; learning early expand to work his especially @usedgov, at leadership thoughtful of yrs 7 for @arneduncan to Thx details the reviewing to forward look and deal trade a on agreement reach to able were Partnership Trans-Pacific the of members pleased I’m 2016! in victory for state key VA–a win her help to Excited @HillaryClinton! for team leadership Virginia fantastic the of part be to Proud here plan her out Check society. our plaguing that’s violence gun prevent to act must We @HillaryClinton. w/ agree I sale firearm any before completed be should checks Background measure. reform gun commonsense a is Loophole" "Charleston Closing violence gun by caused often are &amp; VA in common too far are deaths violence Domestic abusers. domestic of hands the of out guns get must We agree you if RT gun. a getting from individuals dangerous prevent help will it because system checks background comprehensive a support I checks background owners-support gun Virginians-including b/c lost haven't I but me against campaigns always .@NRA reality! a into bill this turn to w/@smashingwalnuts work to Program-proud Research Miller Gabriella the launched officially @NIH here live Watch Campbell. GEN from hear to Afghanistan on hearing SASC a to Headed @MSNBC on live Watch Afghanistan. on hearing SASC today's discuss to @mitchellreports join to About happy! you makes reading why Share @Pharrell. native Beach Virginia by initiative Great curiosity sparks and opportunity of doors opens it because happy me makes Reading htt… married! who couples same-sex 2,670 the celebrate to RT VA! in of anniversary year 1 the Today's @AGMarkHerring: RT here: interview my Watch Afghanistan. on earlier w/@mitchellreports Spoke ! and reform for need the , discuss to tomorrow @CHCI join to Excited @CHCI! con y necesaria migratoria reforma la , discutir por Emocionado summit! @CHCI address to Headed issue latest their in stand a taking for @people Applaud . to order in action take to need We … @nature_wonks ! &amp; conservation of support time long your for @timkaine you Thank @Nature_DCMDVA: RT Pickett Fort at facility training diplomatic a for need &amp; security embassy on tomorrow hearing a Chairing facility training diplomatic new a for site best the is Pickett Fort clear makes that report GAO the Read here Watch operations. military &amp; Syria in strategy Russian on hearing Committee Service Armed a to Headed here: Watch laws. safety gun improve to agenda Senate the unveil to conference press a to Headed on agree Americans piece critical a is checks background Expanding solution. comprehensive a needs violence gun of Epidemic them have to allowed legally not are who those of hands the of out weapons keep to system check records a create to need We members NRA even and owners gun of wishes the despite violence gun to solutions sense common opposes @NRA The guns illegal of pipeline down shut &amp; checks background expand &amp; improve loophole, show gun close : to solutions sense Common laws safety gun new pass to pressure up ramp &amp; to agenda Senate Outlined repairs to due tomorrow 7pm until today 7pm from closed be will ramp Bridge Key the commuters: DMV to Note nation our protect &amp; serve who women &amp; men brave the to you Thank @USNavy! the to birthday 240th Happy always. Ready now. Ready then. Ready ! our celebrate to Retweet @USNavy: RT today! Register Virginia. in vote to register to day last the is Today epidemic: this combat to more do must and can We Virginia. in deaths highway outnumber now deaths overdose Drug @The_Honda cc today! them for voting by at compete @vaunion1865 Help Parkers the and Haas Lori @MarkHerringVA, w/@GovernorVA, to ways discussing earlier Richmond In are people safer the have, you system check record background better The cc:@MarkWarner development! economic rural for @USDA the from awards grant in 200K receiving is County Goochland system justice criminal our reform to efforts discuss to today Norfolk in leaders enforcement law &amp; community Joined address to needs Congress challenges justice criminal pinpoint me help will Norfolk in today leaders community &amp; ex-offenders from Hearing Senate the &amp; Virginia in on focused I'm issue an reform, justice criminal on spoke @POTUS address, weekly his During system justice criminal centered over-incarceration an reform to ways on yesterday Norfolk in discussion my on More society into back reentry ease help could actions what on ex-offenders from directly hearing Thu on Richmond in Was @lawrence_wright. by moderated and @timkaine w/ World" the in Place "America's on panel today's to forward Looking @RepMcCaul: RT Quantico in today Group Security Embassy @USMC the from Marines of group impressive an with Visited @ResnickTeaches cc: events! current discuss to School Middle Wetsel Madison's with -skyped day my start to way Great https… what?!?" did "I @timkaine Sen VA with convo video @Skype to thanks WMS at Tuesday Terrific @ResnickTeaches: RT @RTDNEWS today's in me from More facility. training security diplomatic new a to home be should Pickett Fort @SalemVA School! Elementary Salem West of DiFusco-Funk Natalie Year the of Teacher Virginia 2016 to Congrats … can: we how on facts the Get it. solve to us of all take will it and all, us threatens change Climate @FactsOnClimate: RT week las Virginia in discussions my from learned I what share me letting for you Thank vocab some on up Brushing @PressClubDC. at title bee spelling my defend I until hours 24 than Less de abusos de víctimas por lucha que altruista y extraordinaria persona una es Morales Consuelo Sor speed-dial on Tejas have I tonight, "phone-a-friend" a get I case In . to Headed @PressClubDC ! the from updates live for staff my to account Twitter the over Handing c-u-c-u-m-b-e-r a as cool is @timkaine Staff: day another play to lives boss our so here, out you're strikes two It's "veterinarian". word first misspells @timkaine Staff: Independence of Declaration the theme: round's Next 4. lawmakers and 6 Journalists one. round of end Staff: it! nails "accustomed". Word now! up @timkaine Staff: @yochidreazen @David_Kerley @agreilingkeane @timkaine heated getting is of round First @ScrippsBee: RT haste! with and right, it spells he and "barbarous" word the draws @RepDonBeyer friend @timkaine's and Staff: intended Pun excitement. with buzzing is crowd this Staff: the at Hogwarts than spells more Officially standing. still is boss the and three Round Staff: off! it start to correctly "pedestrians" spells @timkaine and is theme three's round Staff: @timkaine boss our including left, lawmakers 5 remain, journalists 7 4. round of start the at up heating is the Staff: t's! two have should it opinion, our In "Connecticuter." after out is @timkaine Staff: @RepDonBeyer! friend my to title the along pass to excited Very htt… year next rematch a for hoping Certainly . the in you beat still I trash-talking, that all after - @timkaine @RepBradAshford: RT safe personnel embassy US keep to facility training proper a building in time more any waste shouldn't We Virginia in impact the on speak &amp; of supporter passionate a I'm why share me letting for @AHIPCoverage to Thanks care health affordable to access increase to it expand must Virginia families. to security health provides around life his turn inmate an helped jail Richmond a in program fatherhood a how on story Touching better system justice criminal our making in step big a is recidivism Reducing rehabilitation. and recovery on focus must policies Hall. Wilson at 5:30 at today @JMUSports to GameDay welcome Come @CollegeGameDay: RT ? or Corso? be, it will head mascot Which Commonwealth! the in CFB for day Big @CollegeGameDay! Harrisonburg, to Welcome today! @HillaryClinton to birthday happy a Wishing races! House and Senate state for morning this Richmond in ballot vote early my Cast Richmond! en estatales legislativas elecciones las en anticipado voto mi Emití diplomacy toward look to seal Presidential the changed Truman Harry since yrs 70 commemorate to floor the to Headed decisions of implementation delayed of b/c couples same-sex penalize to not @SocialSecurity asked we Today ET 4:30pm at Q&amp;A Facebook a for tomorrow me join can you Hope me? for question a Got fighting keep and strong Stay @JesseFFerguson. own VA’s by inspired be to Continue relief sequester of years two provide &amp; crisis debt a avoid to deal bipartisan a reached @WhiteHouse the &amp; negotiators congressional Pleased future the for plan better community defense the &amp; businesses helping while families Virginia's to certainty provides Deal @JoAnn_Jenkins with &amp; discuss to down Sat here: question a Post Q&amp;A! a hosting ET 4:30pm at page Facebook my on be I'll here: conversation the Join start. to about is Q&amp;A Facebook @ussoccer_wnt nutrition child of importance on speak to @alikrieger native VA &amp; champ Cup w/World Standing @lucymsullivan @alikrieger @TimKaine Collins, Susan Senator Champions to you thank Huge @ThousandDays: RT our improving towards step first important an represents which bill, the of support in overwhelmingly voted Senate Champion Cup World distinction: this with leave will who leader record-breaking A @AbbyWambach! for career a What deficit the reduce &amp; businesses- small are which of many exporters- US for playing-field the level helps It . reauthorize should Senate @Royals! 's now say to have I all So City. Kansas outside up Grew you! meet to honor an was it ;) vote my have You support! your all for you Thank @alikrieger: RT sale gun any before check record background completed a requiring bill a Announcing sales gun on periods waiting longer support I be. will people safer the have, we system check records background better The checks background improving &amp; loophole show gun the closing by avoided be can tragedies violence gun More on agree can Americans that pieces critical are steps These solution. comprehensive a needs violence gun of Epidemic must We . study @CAPgunsandcrime new the Read accidents car in than gunfire by annually killed are people more where states 17 of one is VA study: @CAPgunsandcrime From crime in used and state of out exported guns of number highest the with states among 3rd ranks VA @CAPgunsandcrime: from More crowd home the for victory the with away came @Royals my Glad night! last the in 1 Game wild a What veterans: our helping he's how Learn ! 10 Top a named was who Charlottesville, of Gobin, Sean to Congrats here: visiting by Year the of "Hero be to Sean for Vote store! in what's see to excited - now City Crystal to Headed deserve they certainty the businesses VA give &amp; same the do to Senate the for time it's Now budget. year 2 bipartisan a passed House Pleased @Royals! go Let's ! to go to wins more two and down Two that need We done. business nation's get to compromise to deal-willingness Murray-Ryan on w/him working Enjoyed @SpeakerRyan. to Congrats PWFA pass Let's working. continue to accommodation need and are who women with stand I PWFA! passing by Saturday this ago yrs 37 passed Act, Discrimination Pregnancy the of legacy the honor can Congress FARC las y Colombiano gobierno el entre negociaciones recientes las sobre hablar para Pinzón Emb. el con reuní Me production bomber in legacy its continuing on Company VA this to Congrats today. @northropgrumman from Bush Wes with speaking Enjoyed Syria: to forces operations special of deployment the on statement my Read budgeting crisis-to-crisis of cycle break &amp; certainty economic increase will that deal budget bipartisan a pass to together came we Happy war this on vote to needs Congress why &amp; to forces US of deployment discuss to 8:10AM at tomorrow @nprscottsimon joining to fwd Look to forces US of deployment announced the on @nprscottsimon w/ discussion my for now @NPRWeekend to in Tune know? you anyone Resemble Halloween! Happy him. miss deeply We'll competitor. fierce a was and mind brilliant a had He friend. great a was Burke George 1985! since first their winning on @Royals the to Congratulations champs! World Week! Business Small Veterans National during Virginia in events &amp; businesses veteran-owned out Check programs reentry improving by track right the on stay ex-offenders helping to focus its shift must The w/@POTUS. Agree step this for @POTUS Applaud employment. seeking those for barrier unreasonable an removes jobs federal for box the Banning values American upholds &amp; smart fiscally needed, is clear: been has roundtables recent my from message Richmond, to Norfolk From 7:00pm until open are Polls today. and heard voice your Make Virginians! Hey 7pm las hasta abiertas están locales Los . y hoy voz su Expresen Virginia! de Residentes breaks. ever check spell your if open always is door My ! @POTUS Thanks @RepDonBeyer: RT : sign Fabrics' River Dan of 'Home iconic for uses innovative find to effort Danville's on story Great Week Apprenticeship National recognizing resolution Senate a Introduced week this how highlight I'll jobs. in-demand for skillsets with workers equip &amp; economy the grow can Apprenticeships : economy century 21st the grow help will funding federal This @ValleyWDB. for news Great can you if in Tune . Congressional a for need &amp; discuss to ET 6:05pm at today @CNNSitRoom joining be I'll schemes predatory from inmates protect &amp; cards prison prepaid of impact at look to @CFPB urging are I &amp; .@MarkWarner expand: to continues ISIL against war as an of importance discuss to yesterday @CNNSitRoom Joined ICYMI: @ThrillistDC via gems hidden Virginia's of some out Check https:/… occupations. 1,000 than more in nationwide apprenticeships registered 400K+ are There FACT: @IECChesapeake: RT CSPAN2 to Tune deaths. overdose opioid fight help would that bill a Act, Lives Saves Co-prescribing the introduce to floor the to Headed America: and Virginia in epidemic abuse opioid the of scope The overdose opioid an of effects the reversing by lives saves Naloxone More: prescriptions. opioid alongside naloxone co-prescribe to doctors encouraging by lives save help would bill My naloxone: to access increasing by deaths overdose opioid fight me help that bill my on speech floor my Watch ICYMI: @chuckt… join @costareports @kathleenparker @GovernorPataki @Kasparov63 @timkaine @JimMiklaszewski → to hour One @meetthepress: RT to deployed are forces US as ISIL against an debate to need pressing about talk to soon @MSNBC on @chucktodd Joining next… me join He'll . against action military for approval new get to Obama President pushing is @timkaine Sen. Virginia @chucktodd: RT too! excited, We’re @sethmeyers. Thanks, @Sweetbriaredu: RT war the on vote &amp; debate a troops the owe We ISIL. against AUMF an for calling House the in colleagues of effort bipartisan support Strongly greatly expanded has that mission a of scope the define must We SFRC. the in up AUMF an take to colleagues Senate my urge to continue Will today than tomorrow cleaner future energy America’s make help will that choices make must We . on call right the made .@POTUS risk serious most the at Roads Hampton of community putting is flooding recurrent &amp; rise level Sea real. are VA in of Effects wrong them proving definitely possible, wasn't support bipartisan said who those For @mollymotoole here! trees Virginia grown locally find can you where out Check tree? Christmas perfect the for Looking https://t… here: know us Let campus? on planned something have you Do Action! of Week the It's @ItsOnUs: RT at movement the Join action. of week the for @GenProgress &amp; @WhiteHouse the with Standing assault sexual campus prevent help can help for go to where &amp; behavior relationship safe consent, on students Educating visit: Netanyahu's PM during w/Israel Understanding of Memorandum strengthened a prioritize to Obama Pres. Asked https://t… deaths overdose opioid fight to bill bipartisan a Act, Lives Saves Co-prescribing the intro to @timkaine w/ Joined @SenCapito: RT https:/… locally. overdoses opiate from died have people 75 about 2014, In overdoses. heroin stem to aims bill .@timkaine @NewsInTheBurg: RT : for activities special holding and fees parking waiving are parks State Virginians! Hey in tune can you Hope ISIL. vs AUMF an on vote &amp; debate a for push bipartisan my discuss to @foxandfriends join to About soon @Morning_Joe from crew the with Live ISIL. vs AUMF an approving by job solemn most its do to Congress for pushing I'm community the affects , by caused rise, level sea how at look first-hand a getting today Roads Hampton in is .@JohnKerry to risk greatest at communities the of one is base, Naval largest world's the to home Roads, Hampton leadership our on depend Roads Hampton like Communities now. act must we , of effects worst the prevent to want we If comunidad nuestra afectan el y mar del nivel del aumento el como persona en ver para hoy Roads Hampton en está @JohnKerry el por afectadas más comunidades las de una es país, nuestro de grande más naval base la de hogar Roads, Hampton liderazgo nuestro de dependen como comunidades ahora actuar Debemos , del resultados peores los prevenir queremos Si safe us keeping &amp; serving for you Thank @USMC! the proud, the and few the to birthday 240th Happy veterans: female of stories untold preserving native Norfolk a on eve this on article @PilotNews Great &amp; war declaring to indifference Congress' on Speaking Institute. Sorensen @UVA's by hosted panel a join to Arlington to Headed @calabresim cc: tonight silence Congress' with concerned I'm why share I'll Congress. of vote a without war a of 16 month in be shouldn't We veterans nation's our of all to you Thank free. &amp; safe country our keep to sacrificed have who those to tribute pay we , this On Leesburg in Center International Marshall George the at families their &amp; veterans to speak to Honored https:/… yr. last in veterans 1400+ housed - homelessness veteran end functionally to nation in state first VA announces Gov @GovernorVA: RT love: wartime his with reconnecting veteran Beach Virginia WWII a about @PilotNews from story touching a What economy energy clean a build to move we as communities coal America's revitalize to plan @HillaryClinton's Applaud future energy cleaner a in place a have communities coal Virginia’s ensuring to essential is programs CTE &amp; R&amp;D coal clean in Investing work his by enlightened &amp; surprised being miss I’ll pen. a up take to ever journalists humane &amp; inquisitive most the of one is McKelway Bill tonight France of people the to out goes heart My Paris. in unfolding situation by Horrified Attacks: the to response the on thoughts my &amp; discuss to @1140WRVA on Jimmy Joining soon @MSNBC on @mitchellreports Joining . an with war declare formally must Congress globe, the across metastasizes threat ISIL As ISIL vs an on act formally to is the of face the in resolve demonstrate to the for ways best the of One ISIL: vs an on vote &amp; debate to support bipartisan for urge to w/@JeffFlake speak to now floor the to Headed terrorism against fight global the in adversaries and allies our both to strength shows &amp; war declares formally ISIL vs An more: Learn together. families struggling keep &amp; homelessness youth prevent help to bill a Introduced together families keep help will that bill a supporting for @SenBrianSchatz &amp; @PattyMurray @SenatorCollins to you Thank care foster of out transitioning children of needs the meeting we’re ensures &amp; homelessness youth reduces bill Our the support I why That's planet. &amp; economy our for good is today than tomorrow cleaner is production energy our Ensuring ISIS" on silent too been has "Congress Flake: and Kaine Senators @TIME: RT violence: amidst resolve US shows ISIL vs an passing how on op-ed @TIME this pen to w/@JeffFlake up Teamed @JeffFlake: cc: ISIL against war this debate to people American &amp; troops the to it owe We exploration space to contributor major &amp; Langley @NASA for trailblazer A Freedom! of Medal Presidential the on Johnson Katherine to Congrats here: on statement full my Read now! in Tune @Morning_Joe. on push bipartisan our discuss to @JeffFlake w/ office the at morning Early @JeffFlake and @timkaine Coming @Morning_Joe: RT attacks tragic the of wake the in ISIL against war the discuss to 7:15AM at @ABC7GMW joining be I'll here: in Tune . on position my &amp; ISIL to response US on @jfradioshow with Talking here: interview our Watch @Morning_Joe. on proposal bipartisan our discussed I &amp; @JeffFlake ICYMI: here: help can you how out Find year. 3rd its in now , for drive coat &amp; blanket Arlington's Applaud award! year the of teacher @ACTFL's for finalist a who's Bronstein, Leni Ms. @WilliamsburgAdm's Arlington's to luck Good here: help can you how out Find year. 3rd its in now , for drive coat &amp; blanket VA Northern Applaud committed we're that allies &amp; troops our them, to message a send to ISIL vs an pass swiftly should Congress right. is .@HillaryClinton WWII since crisis humanitarian worst address to effort Aids Syria. in zone no-fly for call w/@HillaryClinton's Agree authorization: war on vote to Congress for need the underscore attacks the why explain to @ABC7GMW joined I ISIL vs war the authorize &amp; together come to Congress for take will it what about talk to shortly @FoxNews on @TeamCavuto with Live today: questions taking I'm @Quora! joining be to Excited today! Capitol the at look first-hand a getting class government School's High George King see to Great @UVAMenSoccer @RadfordMSOC @VT_WSoccer @TribeWSoccer @UVAWSoccer championship! soccer @NCAA the in teams VA all to luck Good refugees? Syrian accept US the Should to answer @Quora My Senator? a being to compare Governor a being does How to answer @Quora My Act? Powers War the with wrong What's to answer @Quora My working? strategy the Is ISIS? fighting for strategy current our is What to answer @Quora My war? ISIL the on vote to afraid Congress is Why to answer @Quora My war? illegal an represent ISIS against actions military president's the Do to answer @Quora My happen? attack France the did Why to answer @Quora My Webb? Jim from mantle the up picking was How to answer @Quora My senators? favorite your are Who to answer @Quora My Warner? Mark with relationship your is How to answer @Quora My Why? support? you do candidate presidential 2016 Which to answer @Quora My programs these defend &amp; support to Proud whole. a as country our strengthen &amp; together families keep &amp; @ChrisMurphyCT &amp; @SenJohnBarrasso colleagues Cmte Relations Foreign Senate w/my @HFXforum the for wknd this Halifax in be to Great ! @VT_Football = Beamer Frank Alzheimer's fighting to critical is resources care to access &amp; research Increasing earlier. members W/@ALZ_GRVA Cmte Aging the on work my on discussion a &amp; lunch for Richmond in Community Retirement Place Guardian the by Stopped @PilotOpinion cc: abroad violence amidst resolve show will that ISIL vs long-overdue a for fight to Proud Thanksgiving! happy very a abroad and home at everyone Wishing crisis historic address to effort global coordinate better can @USAID, head to confirmed finally Smith Gayle With seat her up give to refusing by injustice fought Parks Rosa leader rights civil since years 60 recognize to Proud @RTDNEWS cc: James the on him with paddling/singing &amp; work his miss Will Commonwealth. our of treasures natural the showcased Springston Rex programs training CTE for advocate to continue I'll workers, skilled of generation next the for look shipyards VA As violence dating &amp; assault sexual prevent to behavior relationship safe teaching of importance recognize to chose cmte conf Pleased bill: final the in included provisions relationship safe &amp; my &amp; on statement full my Read future our &amp; VA for important so is summit the why &amp; on post @Medium latest My today Torres Carlos nominee Director w/Deputy Met abroad. lives countless in difference a made have @PeaceCorps The today Sasae Ambassador with relations US-Japanese Discussed rise level sea &amp; issues higher-education discuss to today Reveley Pres. w/@williamandmary Met @MarkWarner cc: payments compensation w/state victims eugenics assist to bill our passed &amp; action impt took Senate yesterday: speech floor my from More enemy. our is ISIL States, United the of enemy the not are leadership &amp; policy foreign issues, military on Skype to @JMU from w/Cadets early up was I fashion, ROTC true In some just Here’s services. preventative critical, many provides Parenthood Planned lifetime. her in care for center health Parenthood Planned a on relied has women 5 in 1 Approximately families their &amp; veterans for work her for Freedom of Medal Presidential a received recently who Carroll, Bonnie Hamilton's to Congrats suspects the find to working enforcement law in those &amp; victims to out goes heart My senseless. beyond is Bernardino San in shooting Today's here: in Tune shortly. @WTOP with on be I'll @MSNBC to Tune shortly. @Morning_Joe Joining discuss to @Morning_Joe joined I America? in violence gun to bystanders being stop to ready Congress of Members Are an on voting &amp; debating by Parliament UK the of lead the follow to needs Congress war, into months 17 Nearly eliminated be to barrier this for Time women. to positions combat all open to decision @DeptofDefense of supportive Very support bipartisan of lack by Disappointed explosives. &amp; guns purchasing from watchlist terror on those prevent to measure a for voted Just bill 5-yr a of certainty the &amp; transportation in investments - years in had hasn't America something provide will Act FAST The oversight &amp; safety WMATA strengthening like Act, FAST the in included were for pushed I and @MarkWarner amdts Pleased companies Virginia of array vast a benefits which @EximBankUS, the of reauthorization overdue the applaud Also sobre opinión mi Lee climático. cambio el solucionar para juntos actuar que Tenemos Virginia in growth economic fuel help can government federal the how on the Addressed here: take @nytimes the Read commonsense. just is magazines capacity high Restricting nation! the and Virginia across celebrating everyone to Happy ISIL against fight the to committed and united are people American the demonstrate would an stated, @POTUS As agenda legislative the of top the to ISIL-specific an of consideration move should leaders Senate and House war authorize to duty constitutional its and threat ISIL ignore longer no can Congress that demonstrate weeks recent of events The ISIL against resolve in unified are we that public the &amp; troops allies, our shows It . an on vote &amp; debate finally to needs Congress here: address President's the on statement full my Read … overdue long is intro'd I &amp; @timkaine proposal bipartisan the like against an of passage and Debate @JeffFlake: RT authorizations existing of scope legal and intent the beyond well goes war this believe I @patrickgmfox5dc WWII in country our defend to duty of call the answered who those of sacrifice the honor we , on attacks the after years 74 workers veteran attracting at success Valley's the discussed and morning this Harrisonburg of Jones Mayor with Met @Space_Station the to cargo crucial deliver will which , of launch Successful night. last @OrbitalATK by work Nice abuse opioid prevent to strategies discuss to Winchester in professionals health &amp; enforcement law with down Sat sciences: computer emphasizing by workforce century 21st the for students preparing are counties surrounding &amp; nation a as for stand we everything against goes &amp; disgraceful is religion of basis the on country our entering from anyone banning of Talk the in refugees vilify to attempts latest the to respond to tomorrow @SenatorLeahy &amp; @SenatorDurbin leaders, faith joining be to Proud refugiados los de denigración la a responder para Capitolio el en @SenatorLeahy y @SenatorDurbin fe, de líderes con unirme de Orgulloso policies refugee compassionate for call to @SenatorLeahy &amp; @SenatorDurbin leaders, w/faith Standing values US to contrary rhetoric dangerous is refugees Vilifying ISIL. enemy: an have We US. the of enemy the aren't Refugees life better a for looking &amp; WWII since crisis humanitarian worst world's the fleeing refugees to doors its shut cannot US CTE strengthen &amp; behavior relationship safe teach to provisions my includes which , for support my about talk to floor the to Headed campuses college our off &amp; on assault sexual prevent help to funding federal use to able be will schools , of passage With opportunities learning hands-on &amp; work-based through workforce the for prepare to students for pathway a is CTE support to proud I'm compromise bipartisan a into put they've work hard the for staffs their &amp; @SenAlexander @PattyMurray, you Thank it for vote to proud I'm &amp; gaps achievement close help will success. economic &amp; success individual to key is Education this on members delegation w/VA work to Proud Squadron. Ops Cyber a for Langley-Eustis Base Joint chosen has @AirNatlGuard news! Great bigotry &amp; hate against up stand always must We slavery. of abolition the and the of anniversary 150th the celebrate we Today today House the in ISIL against our of version companion a introduce they as @PeterWelch &amp; @RepScottRigell join will I &amp; .@JeffFlake : will bill the how Here’s law! into signed just .@POTUS @JeffFlake cc: ISIL vs our of version companion introduce they as @PeterWelch &amp; w/@RepScottRigell Standing up! @'re @SenatorBaldwin, @senrobportman, members Caucus CTE Senate Hey VA impact will Act FAST the how discuss to week this VA Dublin, from employees @VolvoGroupNA with meeting Great Santa! forward, it paying for Thanks . in initiative season holiday Great full in agreement the reviewing to forward Look deal. a reaching on world the around from at leaders Applaud Senate the in an pass to efforts bipartisan my discuss to in-studio soon @Morning_Joe Joining ISIL against authorization war Congressional of importance the about talk to @NewDay CNN with in-studio Live here speech my Stream Congress. in bipartisan a pass to efforts my discuss to 1PM at @CFR_org Joining policy East Middle &amp; relations foreign US on talk thoughtful a for me hosting for @JujuChangABC &amp; @CFR_org to Thanks VA! to back championships country cross national the bringing on Kelati Weini &amp; Hunter Andrew Virginians to Congrats today: 2016. in starting coverage care health for season open for day last the is Today 2016. el para médica cobertura de plan tu cambiar o inscribirte para día último el es Hoy soldiers Sikh practicing for needed is policy in shift larger a but Singh, Capt. for made was exception that Pleased military: our in serving from Sikhs practicing preventing policy its change to @DeptofDefense urged I week Last ISIL vs authorization war &amp; measures safety gun commonsense discuss to @Morning_Joe with in-studio live was I ICYMI: discuss: to @NewDay Joined it. authorize finally to Congress for time past it's ISIL, vs war into months 17 Over here: in Tune today! later School Walker-Grant the to trip my discuss to Fredericksburg @933WFLS Joining @MarkWarner! years, 35 of friend my to birthday Happy today me hosting for Fredericksburg in School Walker-Grant to Thanks VA! across programs Pre-K great visiting love I Fredericksburg in one this like programs, childhood early high-quality to access expand &amp; improve will 'Silence' and War' Crimean 'The 'Showdown', on thoughts my Shared 2015. What Read Who @WSJ's out Check responsibility Congress' is this right, He's today. ISIL new a for need the on in weighed @SpeakerRyan Glad … Works VA! Fredericksburg, in Grant Walker visiting @timkaine Senator Virginia @NatlHeadStart: RT @MarkWarner cc: districts Western &amp; Eastern VA's for Attorneys US as Fishwick John &amp; Boente Dana confirmed unanimously Senate the Pleased them defeat to strategy the of component key a is ISIL against an passing why discuss to @WHRO on Lewis w/Cathy HearSay join to About approach right the is terrorism home-grown defeat to plan @HillaryClinton's why &amp; the discuss to soon @RobertsMSNBC Joining VA in students college low-income 7,800 to critical is which Program, the reauthorized Senate the Pleased predictability &amp; certainty financial provide also They families. VA for manageable debt loan student keep help degree college a earning of dreams lifelong fulfill students low-income of thousands helped have one right the is terrorism home-grown fighting to approach @HillaryClinton's why &amp; yesterday's discuss to @hardball join to About costs drug prescription lower to efforts increase to Administration the pressing others and @MarkWarner Joining government and families for budgets squeezing are costs Rising costs. drug down bring and pricing drug on transparency improve must We sailors! back, Welcome isolate than rather engage must We embargo. the lifting on work should Congress , with detente historic since year A readiness and maintenance operations, military's our for priorities top other &amp; shipbuilders VA's in invests provisions tax various through meet ends make to trying families low-income to middle- to hand helping a lends also training security personnel diplomatic provide to need the of recognition is which Pickett, Fort at FASTC a for funding has year! new the in cooperation bipartisan more inspire will the of passage that Hopeful caregiving improve &amp; funding research increase we if 2025 by Alzheimer's treating &amp; preventing towards move can We w/@HillaryClinton. Agree cure a find to goal @HillaryClinton's support and Alzheimer's by impacted been have who VA in families with met I've Alzheimer's on take to time our is Now research. scientific to committing by disease of threats the to responded have we history, Throughout Alzheimer's of burden the ease help to caregiving improve and treatments new find can we stakeholders, key other &amp; @NIH the with working By family's! Kaine the including cards, holiday Senators' of collection @nytimes the out Check VA! of behalf on together work our of Proud community. his on mark strong a made has @RepRobertHurt Congress, to Council Town Chatham From Christmas! merry a everyone wishing yours, to family my From years. 28 fantastic a for Beamer Coach to Thanks tonight! victory a out pulled @VT_Football Glad cyberattacks from US the defend to step critical A for. calling been I've something policy, deterrence cyber a released @WhiteHouse the Glad policy: deterrence cyber Administration's the on more Here's 2016 for wishes Best Year! New Happy to announced @POTUS actions the support strongly I why That's violence. gun of pain &amp; tragedy the well too all knows VA help to do will actions executive President's the what Here's tonight @GeorgeMasonU VA's at - opponents and supporters from - to efforts his on questions answering for @POTUS Applaud and need, we reform gun common-sense the supports who president for race this in person one only is There communities w/Muslim of importance about leaders faith &amp; Communities Inclusive for Center Virginia the to in Spoke yrs great 2 on Congrats forward! VA moved have @LGRalphNortham &amp; @MarkHerringVA @GovernorVA , helping to jobs creating From @WTOP on story Amazing heroic. Heffelmire: Charlotte Vienna's of actions the describe to word one only There's reliability &amp; safety in trust restore fully to left is work hard more But progress. seen we've incident, 's since year A process: peace Israeli-Palestinian &amp; ISIL vs fight the on focused East Middle the to trip a from returned Recently unjustified &amp; savage is innocents of slaughter continued The yesterday. Iraq and today in attacks suicide of wave the by Saddened objectives despicable their pursue to terror use who those defeat to pursuit the in waiver not will &amp; allies our with firmly stands The advocate powerful &amp; force task abuse drug VA's of member a Alexandria, of Flattery Don is the for guest My it stop to action take and epidemic opioid the of awareness raise can we that hopeful I’m &amp; guest my as Don welcome to Honored people 47,000 than more ,killing 2014 in levels record hit deaths overdose opioid @CDCgov, the to According year this epidemic opioid the address to efforts his on build to plans @POTUS how hear to Hoping higher reach to us challenged and years seven past the over made has country our progress significant the on reflected @POTUS Tonight, ISIL vs war the authorizing &amp; debating without by go year another let cannot Congress . an for call @POTUS's Appreciate epidemic this by hurt communities up lift to together come Let's lines. party across cuts addiction opioid of scourge the noted, @POTUS As in! Tune . powerful night's last to reaction my discuss to 7:15am at @ABC7GMW Joining … Senate. Virginia the to access media limiting for justification no right: exactly is .@LGRalphNortham @MarkWarner: RT deserve &amp; need they care the get can they so veterans Navy Water Blue on burdens unnecessary remove to VA the Urging America! and Virginia across communities in had have Korean-Americans impact the honor we , On @ArlingtonNatl in rights burial - WASPs or - Pilots Service Force Air Women give to effort an in @SenJoniErnst &amp; @SenatorBarb join to Proud a build will workforce strong a developing &amp; education K-12 for funding Increasing . the in vision @GovernorVA's Applaud together. working miss I’ll ground. common find to anyone with working &amp; right what's doing on focused always has .@RepScottRigell woman! "nature"-al a What issues. conservation and lands public discuss to @Carole_King meet to Great @OrbitalATK! and Commonwealth the for news Game-changing @NASA_Wallops at facilities launch space VA's for future bright a ensure &amp; economy Shore's Eastern the strengthen will contract .@OrbitalATK search. its continues Guard Coast the as best the for Hoping morning. this Hawaii of out coming news Sad achieve can diplomacy strong what of evidence and security international for day good a is Today home come finally can others and Rezaian Jason reporter @washingtonpost that happy Especially implementation strict on insisting unite, to deal the of critics &amp; supporters for Time . nuclear a of threat reduced vastly a face We agreements: international of violations for sanctions, including consequences, face will that sign Important JCPOA the implement we as even unpunished, go not will programs arms &amp; terrorism for support &amp; violations rights human tests, missile Iran’s justice &amp; equality of advancement the of pursuit and change social peaceful of legacy his King, Dr. of life the celebrate we Today, Richmond in Capitol State the at Action" of Day "King the for 1pm at organizations and leaders rights civil Virginia join to Excited leaders rights civil local with Richmond in and , Talking communities &amp; businesses schools, b/t partnerships grow &amp; CTE through jobs for students prepare will today announced program work! Great . for yesterday Doodle @Google's designed @richiepope graduate @VCU and native VA today! visited who Co. William Prince &amp; Alexandria in those like families, help to work @JackandJillInc’s Appreciate corruption fight to @OAS_official with agreement historic a signed who @JuanOrlandoH, Pres. Honduran to Congrats Act Enemies Foreign Against Security the oppose I ISIL. it's refugees, not it's enemy-but foreign our on debate a need We atrocities humanitarian fleeing refugees not ISIL, - enemy real our versus war declare to vote &amp; debate a for press to colleagues my Urge up? step Congress will when war, into months 18 Nearly begun. hasn't ISIL on debate the notes, @IgnatiusPost As refugees not enemy, our as ISIL declare formally to colleagues my urging today floor Senate the on spoke I ICYMI: town to way its makes weather wintery and icy as tonight safe stay commuters area metro and VA Hoping Secretary @USArmy next the be to Fanning Eric of nomination the on hearing Committee Services Armed an to Headed Secretary @USArmy next our be to experienced &amp; qualified Tremendously nomination. Fanning's Eric support to Proud issue critical this on support the for you Thank compassion. our deserve atrocities unspeakable fleeing Refugees Roads Hampton in stakeholders of work hard the to testament A rise! level sea address to funding federal in $120M receives VA @RepScottRigell &amp; @repbobbyscott @MarkWarner @GovernorVA w/ along funding this for advocate to work my of Proud safe! be &amp; warm Stay in. moves weather wintry as resources &amp; efforts response Commonwealth's the on up-to-date Stay at: app Virginia Ready free the download information, more For at: conditions road on updates for app 511 VDOT free the download can You Wade v. Roe weaken to efforts oppose I decisions. reproductive woman's a criminalize or restrict never should We choose to right woman's a protecting to pay equal from rights, women's for fought always has .@HillaryClinton weather inclement from safe cars keep to 9:30am at Monday until free for garages parking its opening is Metro District: the in Virginians foods fresh local, to access improve to initiative federal the in participate to selected was Christiansburg here Watch colleagues. other &amp; w/@chriscoons enforcement discuss to floor Senate the to Heading @POLITICOMag cc: past) of mistakes avoiding (and activity nuclear Iranian any detecting to key = inspections IAEA guns their of use negligent on lawsuits from shield liability federal a – gift unprecedented an manufacturers gun gave Congress ago, yrs 10 meet must industries American other that accountability of standard same the meet to manufacturers gun for time It's safety public for disregard &amp; negligence for accountable manufacturers gun holds that bill a intro to @ChrisMurphyCT &amp; @SenBlumenthal Joined afternoon! this @LynnhavenMiddle @vbschools' at graders 8th with chat Skype Fantastic debt loan student with dealing colleges &amp; universities VA at leaders student from heard I &amp; .@MarkWarner Congrats! Year. the of Coach School High @NFL named was Burnett Michael coach football HS Tuscarora .@LCPSOfficial's advance to steps new taking he's Act, Pay Fair Ledbetter Lilly the signed @POTUS after years 7 women for for time It's Americans older among abuse opioid address can policy federal how on Leesburg in hearing field @SenateAging a Held people young impact solely not does crisis This 55-64. is opioids prescription to due deaths overdose of rate growing fastest with group Age epidemic this address to VA in work their &amp; abuse opioid on testimonies informational the for hearing today's at witnesses the thank to Want US the impact positively to made have Americans African contributions the of reminded be to time a , of start the is Today today! Anne, @VASecofEdu, hardworking and wife beautiful my to birthday happy very a Wishing http… testimony! my offer to Glad Virginians. older among including abuse, drug heroin/Rx about discussion hometown Great @MarkHerringVA: RT https://t.… death? of cause for odds your about Curious resource. fantastic a as Facts Injury NSC out calls @timkaine Senator @NSCsafety: RT https://t.… visit abuse, rx on information and tools NSC more For hearing! Senate morning’s this for us joining for you Thank @NSCsafety: RT requirement permit carry concealed VA's protect &amp; SB48 defeat to vote tie-breaking casting for @LGRalphNortham Bravo same the receive can waiting also tribes VA six the Hoping recognition! federal receiving finally are Pamunkey The here: live watch can You women. to units combat ground all opening on hearing Services Armed a to Headed need they help the get people ensure must We epidemic. abuse heroin &amp; opioid the address to funding new in $ of proposal @POTUS Applaud scourge this address that solutions finding on focused I'm Virginia. of region &amp; code zip last every affects epidemic opioid The America in epidemic abuse opioid the address would proposal budget @POTUS's how Here's efficient more production energy making by Challenge Water @statoilasa / @generalelectric winning on Micronic County's Wise to Congrats it run to able be not would they physically that belief a was There 1984. until Olympics the in marathon the run to allowed not were Women history Olympic of most during marathon men's the in gold won would've That mins. 15 hrs 2 is marathon a running for record women's the Now, units combat all integrates fully military the as again it do will They history. throughout wrong wisdom conventional proved have Women aspirations service their on cap a be should there women tell can't we but meet, must servicemembers that standards tough have should We ops &amp; units combat all into integration gender on hearing Committee Services Armed today's at remarks my from More más: Lee ayuda. ofrecer para miércoles el Harrisonburg en Kaine con Conéctate de bilingüe sesión una tendrá staff Mi more: Read help. offer to Wednesday on Harrisonburg in session Connects Kaine bilingual a hold will staff My are who students help must We debt. loan student on story your sharing for thanks &amp; you meeting Nice Muslim-Americans towards rhetoric hateful the against out speak @POTUS Watch nation our of foundation the freedom religious -made Jefferson Thomas like - fathers founding our , first his at said @POTUS As nation loving &amp; tolerant a are We differently. them treat to proposals rejecting by Americans Muslim vilifying stop must We behavior relationship safe teaching by assault sexual prevent help to Act Relationships Safe Teach the introduced I ago, year 1 assault sexual &amp; violence dating prevent help can we earlier, students reaching By provisions. Safe' 'Teach important included Glad off! payed has work hard The intent. of letters their signed who athletes student school high Virginia the to Congrats debt loan student on story her shares native, &amp; student @GeorgeMasonU @realwizkaliaa, ICYMI: live: it Watch Breakfast. Prayer National the at arrived Just Pickett Ft. at Center Training Security Affairs Foreign a for groundbreaking the @GovernorVA &amp; delegation VA the with announce to Excited VA: for mean will Center Training Security Affairs Foreign new the what on @RTDNEWS the from More the address to plan action an releasing for @US_FDA the Commend addictions their overcome to need they help the people get must We plan. action the implements @US_FDA the how seeing to forward Looking School! Cathedral More Thomas St. Arlington's for through pull can crew @Space_Station the &amp; @NASA Hoping spread counter &amp; outbreak control to funding increase to @POTUS -urged the to response robust a support I Virginia and the in spread the prevent &amp; abroad the of impact the mitigate help will now action Taking … Congress! on stranglehold lobby's gun the break &amp; to fight the lead helping is @TimKaine @Bradybuzz: RT workforce century 21st the for students prepares CTE how discuss to Arlington in summit @SkillsCoalition the to Headed here: Register primary. presidential 1st March Virginia's for register to deadline the is Today Regístrate: Marzo. de 1ero el Virginia de primarias elecciones las en votar para registrarte para último el es Hoy here: live Listen @HillaryClinton. for pulling I'm why and the discuss to @WMALDC on be I'll here: Listen @HillaryClinton. for campaigning NH in weekend my discuss to @KissRichmond on Clovia joining I'm @HillaryClinton for support my &amp; primary the discuss to soon in calling I'm today. NH in live is @jfradioshow The 1:30pm! at tomorrow co-chairs Caucus CTE Senate fellow my &amp; employers with briefing the stream can You @actecareertech @senatorisakson @SenatorBaldwin @senrobportman Cc: over-incarceration of policy decades-long a fix to ways discuss to roundtable a to Headed lives people’s in difference real a make can &amp; smart fiscally is sentences drug non-violent back Scaling 1:30pm! at today co-chairs Caucus CTE Senate fellow my &amp; employers with briefing the stream can You today! world the across and Virginia in Catholics to Lent to start happy a and blessed a Wishing here: live Watch workforce. century 21st the and CTE on leaders edu and w/businesses briefing a to Heading here: it Read future. our of workforce the for vital is CTE unanimously! Senate the passed res that Proud workforce century 21st the in jobs high-skill for students prepare can programs CTE why Here's ! It's @actecareertech @SkillsCoalition programs training job short-term include to Grants Pell expand Let's @CTEworks @actecareertech programs CTE short-term for loans federal use to students allow should We @MGForumSTW @CTEworks @nassp @actecareertech exploration career to students school middle lead can CTE @CTEWorks @aftteach @all4ed @actecareertech programs! residency w/teacher curriculum CTE good create Let's colleges 2yr 1,700 schools&amp; public 1,300 nearly through state every covering CTE, in enrolled are students million 14 approx FACT: all… for about word the spreading for partners our to thanks huge - today DC in trending is that Heard @CTEMedia: RT skills employability with curriculum academic their integrates &amp; learning applied through skills real-world students gives CTE competitiveness economic continued nation's our to critical be will programs CTE to access strengthening &amp; awareness Greater @fcpsnews cc: afternoon! this Capitol the at Hornets @HerndonHS the of some see to got I Glad threat growing the confront to needed tools the have must @POTUS bill. sanctions bipartisan the for Voted allies and the to threat significant a pose &amp; resolutions Council Security @UN numerous violate by provocations Recent Alexandria! in tonight headquarters VA Northern @HillaryClinton's open help to Excited https:/… history American Afr. of yrs 400 recognize @repbobbyscott @MarkWarner @timkaine @GKButterfield , @OfficialCBC: RT 1619 since America, in Africans of contributions resilience, the recognizing bill our on Speaking history American African of yrs 400 recognize to commission a for push my about talk to 6:30am at @fox5dc w/ Live in! Tune 7:10. at @WTOP on Joan &amp; Mike Joining here: speech floor my watch can You . against sanctions for support my about spoke I ICYMI: @MPCSVA cc: affordability college discuss to HS Park Manassas from faculty &amp; students with down Sat misuse: and abuse opioid against fight the in lives save help will naloxone to access Increasing @iaeaorg the and Mexico to ambassadors confirm step: Next policy. foreign to important nominees seven confirmed finally Senate the Glad Excellence Teaching for Awards Mann Horace the of recipients amazing honor to buddies VEA with night last time Great justice of notion very the of perversion a is - qualified how matter no - to nominee any block to statement McConnell's Senator here: on statement full my Read using today them of all on facts tweeting be I'll and Presidents, most the to home is Virginia ! Happy delivered ever shortest the is It minutes! two than less was address inaugural second Washington's George War Revolutionary the throughout rode he horses Washington's George of two to names the are Blueskin and Nelson @librarycongress the in now is which France, from recipe a home brought He cream. ice vanilla loved Jefferson Thomas Adams John rival as day same and independence of anniversary 50th the 1826, 4th July on died Jefferson Thomas 5'4'' measuring President, shortest the was Madison James Philadelphia in Congress Continental 1780 the at delegate youngest the also was Madison James War Revolutionary the during Regiment VA 3rd the in enlisting before @williamandmary at student a was Monroe James Monroe James of presidency the during restorations from paint white with painted first was House White The history! in address inaugural longest the giving while coat or hat a wear to not chose Harrison Henry William office in days thirty only at history American in term shortest the served also Harrison Henry William office the the to elected being without president become to VP first the was Tyler John office in while married get to president first the also was Tyler John officer military ambitious as Ready" and Rough “Old nickname the earned Taylor Zachary himself! for 1848 in was president for vote first Taylor's Zachary Chief, in Commander new a against vote to wanting Not Game! Series World a attend to first and doctorate a with president first the was Wilson Wodrow Washington, in buried president only the also is Wilson Woodrow grandson. Yes, Forest Sherwood estate, family on lives still grandson Tyler's @jmartNYT: RT year! last daughter my with it Saw . the at big win presidents) finest VA's of some (feat. @HamiltonMusical see to Nice : Syrian to aid critical provide helping Turkey in delegation VA Northern &amp; @boblazaro from photos Powerful office! Vegas Las East @HillaryClinton's at here group great a to speak to @DoloresHuerta joined I Vegas! Las East en @HillaryClinton de oficina la en excelente gente con hablamos yo y .@doloreshuerta @TheRoot in thoughts My possible. been have wouldn't achievements crowning America’s of some Americans African W/out Act: History American African of Years 400 the pass must Congress why on story @ATLBlackStar the Read Policy relationship renewed our within progress the of sign another is to flights commercial Restoring @KlugeCtr @LibraryCongress Scholar Visiting Distinguished named being for Brooks Peter VA’s to Congrats justly &amp; fairly nominee any consider to obligation an has Senate The nominee a on vote &amp; consider to obligation an have We years. election presidential in justices 17 confirmed has Senate The … nominees” Court Supreme of case the been always has as vote, down or up “an promises McConnell Mitch WATCH: @SenateDems: RT Warner John Sen. Virginia, for statesman incredible and friend my to birthday 89th happy very a Wishing come to generations inspire will and endures work Her lawyer. rights civil a become to me inspired dignity and race of lessons Lee's Harper graduation School Apprentice The @HIIndustries' for address commencement the deliver to Hampton to headed be to Excited https… alive. is Manufacturing American that proof is Shipbuilding News Newport family: and friends grads, tells @TimKaine @HIIndustries: RT @aircraftcarrier cc: Virginia and nation our on mark indelible an left He Washington! George to birthday Happy … issues. about morning this Congress in lawmakers w/ meeting from advocates @DAVHQ: RT @DAVHQ healthcare quality highest timeliest, the deserve They us. protect to sacrificed have veterans our history Throughout veteran: VA a with interview my Watch story! 100,000th the on project history @LibraryCongress to Congrats here: @LibraryCongress the to story your Tell story? your added you have here: it Stream today. Americans older among abuse opioid on hearing a holding is Aging on Committee Special Senate communities affects epidemic the how &amp; Americans older among abuse opioid on recently Leesburg in hearing a Held too Americans older on impact dramatic &amp; particular very a has problem this people, young on centers abuse opioid assume many While Virginia into moves weather severe as precautions necessary taking and safe staying is everyone Hoping honorably Commonwealth the and country his served He Marye. Madison Sen. Shawsville's legend, Virginia a of loss the by saddened Deeply experience vast with pick excellent an is She Congress. of Librarian next the as Hayden Carla nominating for @POTUS Applaud safe Stay visit weather, severe for prepare to how on date to up stay To here: noon at today live conference press nomination the Watch nominee a on vote and hearing a hold to Republicans Senate urging colleagues Democratic with stand to to headed I'm description job the of part It’s nomination. President’s the on consent &amp; advise to duty constitutional &amp; obligation an has Senate Constitution the defend to responsibility of abdication complete a is begins it before process nomination down Shutting ! the in ballot my cast to morning this Richmond in Albert Robert voter first-time Joined today him join to proud was I and @GovernorVA by restored were rights voting Robert's safety &amp; reliability service improve to cars Metro 7000-series newest the need we - right are colleagues House My 2019 in in Congress Astronautical International 70th the host to bid @aiaa's supporting members delegation VA &amp; @GerryConnolly Joining violence gun of epidemic this seriously take to need the underscores Kansas Hesston, in yesterday shooting The order restraining a to subject individuals of hands the of out guns keep would that bill a support I why is This today! wishes birthday kind very the for everyone to you Thank more: Learn resources. educational high-quality with students all provide to to committed has Virginia Virginia! in @HillaryClinton for trail the on Hillary con Latinos join to Proud involved. all and friends family, Guindon's Officer for Praying weekend. the over William Prince in tragedy Horrible today House White the at Honor of Medal the received who Jr. Byers Edward SEAL @USNavy to Congratulations sobre hablar para 8:15 las a AM 1380 Poder Radio a Entronízate VA! en primarias las de día el es Hoy Entonízate! VA. en y @Hillaryclinton por apoyo mi sobre hablar para Nueva La FM con Estoy home! travels Safe ) ; vote? to time in just Earth to returning @StationCDRKelly, Hey, ! a after tonight Earth to return crew the &amp; @StationCDRKelly Watch here: page Facebook her liking by Virginia in @HillaryClinton of track keep can You Budget… Affairs International US the of importance the for case the making on hearing, at @timkaine Sen from shoutout USGLC @USGLC: RT community the in do you work hard the all for you Thank today! @dstinc1913 of members VA w/Delta meeting Fantastic tonight here victory primary a on @HillaryClinton to Congratulations Hillary! for is Virginia in! Tune Virginia. in results the discuss to 8:20pm at @NPR on be I'll VA in rights women's deny to attempts similar Saw health. women's to detrimental be would law shutdown clinic TX Upholding GOP: Senate them? respect else anyone would why noms, on government our of institutions the respect don't Senators US If Suess Dr. - try!" you only if up think can you thinks the Oh, high. think and low think and right think and left "Think @fcpsnews cc: mark to Friday on Fairfax in School Elementary Run Daniels visiting be to Excited tests missiles &amp; nuclear for accountable hold to action unmistakable &amp; strong now Congress, First so! do to colleagues GOP my urging help your need we exactly, thoughts My @lynchburggov cc: Board! Review Valor of Medal the to appointed just was who Johnston, Abbey Lynchburg's to Congrats appointment! presidential deserved Much bravely. community her serves who Department Fire Lynchburg w/the Paramedic &amp; Captain a is Johnston need in most those helping and serving for country the across and Virginia from volunteers the of all to you Thank ! It’s 1961! since served have 7,500 over and @PeaceCorps, the in serving volunteers 250 over has currently Virginia Thailand! &amp; Brazil Republic, Dominican Armenia, Liberia, Romania, in served who today volunteers alumni @PeaceCorps @pcorpsconnect with Met serving for you thank meeting, the from photo a Here’s for graders fourth our to reads @timkaine Senator @DanielsRunES: RT ! mark to Fairfax in @DanielsRunES at graders 4th to Reading program X-plane innovative the on developments continue to funding @DARPA awarded being on Manassas in @AuroraFlightSci to Congrats family. Reagan the to condolences deepest our send I &amp; Anne grace. &amp; strength of example an as Reagan Nancy Remembering ahead still work &amp; come we’ve far how of reminder Powerful blizzard January the by affected areas in efforts recovery aid to VA to assistance federal for order signed @POTUS pleased Very this fix to Time 28%. Afghanistan 64%, is Rwanda comparison: For women. are members House &amp; Senate US of 19% only unacceptable It’s integrated &amp; inclusive is military our ensure &amp; care health women's protect women, &amp; men b/w gap pay close to work must Congress @pandora_radio on station @aimeemann Day? Women's International for soundtrack My to need urgent the about Capitol the in today Cannon Jonathan professor law @UVA with Talked homelessness combatting lines front the on organizations Virginia for million $23 Includes meal nutritious a with day their starts child every sure make Let’s . be to deserves child every and It's minds active are minds Nourished Virginia. in nutrition child for champion a been has .@FirstLadyVA yesterday Alexandria in School Elementary Ramsay William at event @FirstLadyVA's from photo a Here's … @VAFilmOffice season! 2nd a for VA to back coming is @mercystreetpbs series hit @PBS news Great @GovernorVA: RT today! office my outside just @WTWoodsonHS Fairfax's from students some with Spoke in! Tune more. and Senate, the in week this discuss to 7:10am at @WTOP Joining discuss: to soon w/@fox5dc Live crisis. abuse opioid the fight to co-sponsored I bill a pass to expected is Senate more and talk to morning this @fox5dc &amp; @WTOP with in-studio be to Great @CanEmbUSA the at night last Grégoire-Trudeau Sophie wife his &amp; @JustinTrudeau meet to Honored consent &amp; advice providing path: one only is There today. nom on forward paths discussing members Judiciary Senate on @NAHPinc @NNPA_BlackPress address to @PressClubDC to Headed it. fear not diversity, country's our embrace should We America in epidemic heroin &amp; drug prescription tragic the address to consensus bipartisan strong a is there that showed just Senate The services treatment drug people get &amp; lives save help will It Act. Recovery and Addiction Comprehensive passed just the co-sponsor to Proud level federal the at epidemic this fight to me led has It abuse. opioid of consequences tragic the see to continue we Virginia, Across lives: save help will bill opioid Today's injector. Naloxone life-saving a use to how learning VA Lebanon, in @MarkWar… and @timkaine Thanks addiction. confronting families VA of 1000s for news great is bill of passage Senate @MarkHerringVA: RT Israel and US the between partnership economic strong the recognizes that resolution passed just the Co-sponsored across care dental expanding do they work important the firsthand see to @missionofmercy visit to Excited Manor Chatham at tour preservation Battlefield Fredericksburg our off kicked I &amp; @civilwartrust .@NatlParkService bill protection battlefield my by secured funds through preserved be will that land the of Hill Prospect from View dance big the to it making also on @_HamptonU &amp; @VCUramsnation to Congrats seed! #1 a get @UVAMensHoops seeing Love battlefields VA preserve will secure helped I funds Proud @CivilWarwp. by feat trip Fredericksburg my see to Great happening: keep can't incidents these but Dec) in policies safety fed new Nov, in GM (new time take changes Policy w/opioids: naloxone co-prescribing discussing of importance highlight guidelines @CDCgov released Just naloxone: to access increase to bill my considering be will committee HELP Senate the Tomorrow safety ensure to takes it whatever doing is management new signals it riders, for inconvenience major a be will closure Metro While options transit limited face they as tomorrow flexibility employees offer should - @USOPM including - region the across Employers @USOPM by call Right experience unrivaled and qualifications impeccable with jurist well-respected a is Garland Merrick .@SCOTUSNom process. confirmation obstructing for excuse no GOP Senate leaves past; the in Rs &amp; Ds from support enthusiastic earned Garland @SCOTUSNom Cc: same. the do to Senate the for time It’s duty. constitutional his fulfilling for @POTUS commend I tragedy another to preferable is day inconvenient one but decision, Tough . today ok are commuters NoVa Hoping @irlfunds tonight's at play to harmonica which decide can’t you When … at you honoring to forward Looking choice! right the make you'll know We @timkaine decision Big @irlfunds: RT ! Winner? @XavierUniv. and @VCU, @UVA, @KUnews, : year. this @marchmadness for picks my are Here down. shut was system the why is this cable frayed a is This Wiedefeld: Paul GM Metro @WTOP: RT necessary was this why saw we but day Tough complete. are repairs all Not 5am. at morning tomorrow re-open can service that Glad in! Tune @SCOTUSnom. qualified extremely an obstruct to excuse no has Senate the why discuss to @1140WRVA join to About @SCOTUSnom cc: discuss to soon @NewsRadioWINA with Talking justice. excellent an make would Garland Merrick tunes favorite some play to at you join me letting for @The19thStBand to Thanks ! Happy https:… skills/jobs. century 21 to education orient to Congress in effort leads @timkaine VA, in school high transform we As @GovernorVA: RT epidemic: heroin &amp; opioid the address to @timkaine w/ bill my passed Committee @GOPHELP Glad @SenCapito: RT ! @NCAA’s in competing teams Virginia our for support your show to RT @RepScottRigell: RT VA Lee, Fort in Museum Women's Army the by organized event great today; Month History Women's @USArmy Celebrated potential full their to serve to opportunity the have must Everyone roles. command &amp; units combat into women placing @USArmy see to Pleased accepted! Challenge season. great a on @Hampton_MBB to Congrats . in advances @UVAMensHoops Wahoowa! ! for treat excellent An @RTDNEWS - whatsoever." rationale principled no has nominates Obama anyone consider to even "refusal McConnell's : more." Nothing maneuver. partisan a is "This battle: @SCOTUSnom on today @PilotNews the From hearings hold to refuse to excuse no has GOP Senate. the of institution the for one is battle @SCOTUSnom The !! dance big the the to it making and season great a on @JMUWBasketball to Congrats commander combatant a be to woman first be Command-would Northern US head to nominated be will who Robinson Lori GEN @usairforce to Congrats round next the to On @VCURamNation!! by win Great bound! Sixteen Sweet are Cavs @UVAMensHoops. by win a What season great a on congrats and end the until hard played @VCURamNation The people its for opportunity of doors open help will relations Reestablished . ongoing his during @POTUS for best the Wishing responsible those find to seek they as people Belgian to out goes heart My attacks. Brussels savage the in lost lives innocent many Too su… never will They life. of way our of foundation the are that values democratic the undermine to seek terrorists These @HillaryClinton: RT @Space_Station! the to launch successful a for @OrbitalATK to Congrats works coverage healthcare to access gained have Americans million 20 than more Now, law. into the signed @POTUS ago, years Six disease deadly this confronting to voice our lend all let’s On minute. every people 3 kills but curable is Garland @SCOTUSnom to obstruction GOP unprecedented about questions answer to Quora on session a Hosted @UVAMensHoops and Bennett Coach to congrats tonight, win a What Elite!! are Hoos The ! me &amp; Anne from VA in celebrating everyone to Easter wonderful a Wishing 1984 since first their in spot a for plays @UVAMensHoops as watch to Excited ! go Let's proud!! VA make you Bennett, Coach &amp; @UVAMensHoops to Congrats season. fantastic a had Wahoos the but take, to loss tough A justice. and peace for Praying Pakistan. in children and women innocent on attack Easter heinous the by Heartbroken service @CapitolPolice's the for always, as Grateful, safe. are visitors and staffers Hill Capitol that Relieved op-ed @PilotNews My . vote &amp; hearing a @SCOTUSnom qualified superbly a deny to shameful It's to proud I'm &amp; women of millions for care preventive essential provides Parenthood Planned HB1090. vetoing for @GovernorVA Thx America in epidemic heroin and prescription the fight to today resources more in investing for @HHSgov &amp; @POTUS Applaud distinction this earn to Sampson Ralph since 1st All-American! @AP first-team a named just Brogdon, Malcolm @UVAMensHoops to Congrats here: vote your Submit 2016! Town Small Coastal Best the for @USATODAY by nominated been has Chincoteague safety &amp; efficiency improve to for funding approps full urging @SenatorCardin @MarkWarner Joined law the under equality full deserves Everyone VA. in discrimination permitted have would that bill a vetoing for @GovernorVA Applaud VA across families on Alzheimer’s of burden the alleviate help can services support &amp; information to access Increasing https:… : to RT communities. &amp; families devastating is disease Alzheimer's @alzassociation: RT paycheck a of less 40% not equality, deserve Women Soccer. from for fighting are who the of members the with stand I Johns Barbara by led strike student historic the of site Farmville, in today @MotonMuseum the Toured responders first &amp; station Greyhound the at wounded those for Praying today. Richmond of out news Terrible loss senseless this mourns VA of all &amp; safe us keep to everything risk @VSPPIO Dermyer. Chad Trooper of loss the by saddened Deeply discrimination fighting &amp; about morning this Summit Leadership Annual 15th @HRC's at speak to Honored country the across legislation anti-LGBT against back fight &amp; protections non-discrimination secure to hard work must We region. the in employer large A today! center packaging &amp; mill paper Covington @WestRock's of tour Great @timkaine today! us joining for You Thank @TheVaPFF: RT Singh Capt. for accommodation long-term w/@USArmy’s Pleased country. our to service &amp; religion her or his b/t choose to have should one No country: their serving from soldiers American Sikh practicing deters that policy its repeal should .@DeptofDefense world modern today’s in stronger and cohesive more military our make will forces armed our of members all among Equality loved he that district his and Sharron wife his to sympathies deepest my Sending servant. public great &amp; friend longtime a was Miller John afternoon this forum policy @NLIHC's the at practices housing fair for fighting in time my discuss to Excited forum today's at housing fair for fighting experiences my share me letting for @NLIHC you Thank vote &amp; hearing a Garland @SCOTUSnom deny to precedent no is there that agrees @newsadvance Lynchburg The hearings hold &amp; @SCOTUSnom with meet should senators GOP that agrees @PvilleGazette The equality and justice freedom, of values the uphold always must the and everlasting are words Jr's King, Luther Martin @IAFFNewsDesk at today @TheVAPFF &amp; Fighters Fire of Association International the address to Honored nation compassionate a be must We @DanMalloyCT. to Congrats @CENTCOM cc: service of years 41 for you Thank servicemembers. &amp; country our to invaluable been has leadership Austin's GEN laws unjust hateful, these against up stand must Americans simple. and plain discrimination, permits law anti-LGBT now right @SCOTUSnom on GOP the by obstruction unprecedented the discussing are Dems Senate at live Watch . to progress our discussing is @SenateAging Today, and funding @NIH increase to time It’s care? 's on spent are dollars Medicaid 3 in 1 know you Did and research @NIH support Let’s up. going is number that and with living are Americans million 5 than More all for and once disease this end Let's today. chapters @alzassociation Virginia of members with Met to time It's million. $860 exceed will VA in Alzheimer's with people for caring of costs Medicaid 2016, In to longer any wait can't We 2025. by 190,000 reach to expected w/number VA in w/Alzheimer's living are older &amp; 65 people 140,000 GOP Senate by obstruction @SCOTUSnom &amp; deal nuclear the with compliance Iran's on earlier @News8NewsTalk with Spoke 11:30pm and 8:30pm at @NewsChannel8 on tonight interview full the catch can You security airport strengthen must We year. per @Reagan_Airport &amp; @Dulles_Airport through pass travelers million 40 https://… safe. Virginians keep to security airport strengthen to bill FAA the in provisions include to @timkaine w/ Working @MarkWarner: RT @Dulles_Airport: &amp; @Reagan_Airport at security strengthened for call my discuss to soon @fox5dc Joining @WSVA550 with celebration my off kick to @ShenandoahNPS at hike upcoming my discuss to About with latest the as well as airports, VA at security stronger for calling I'm why discuss to @WTOP Joining https:… us! join you Hope @timkaine. friend my with Friday this event an for back me inviting for @Kennedy_School to Thanks @sethmoulton: RT here: you near one Find breweries. craft 100 over to home is Virginia discuss: to @fox5dc Joined airports. VA at lines check-in &amp; areas claim baggage in security stronger for calling I'm here Details security. airport strengthen to pushing been I’ve amendment the for vote bipartisan strong with Pleased here apply can orgs justice VA pathways. career find youth at-risk help to funding announced .@TheJusticeDepartment w/@sethmoulton @Kennedy_School the at tomorrow affairs world &amp; the on work my discussing be to Excited @GerryConnolly &amp; Cheryl wife his w/ Here Day. Founder's on today Simon Bob founder Reston of legacy the about Spoke @GerryConnolly &amp; Cheryl wife his w/ Here Day. Founder's on today Simon Bob founder Reston of legacy the about Spoke trail hiking Va. one on @timkaine into run may You @WTOP: RT Photos @NatlParkService ! celebration my off kick to @ShenandoahNPS in hike a wrapped Just ! in morning this Trail Man Stony the of Start ! generations future for parks our maintain to Important trail! the from More trail! Man Stony the of top The @ShenandoahNPS in trail Man Stony of summit the from view Amazing … @timkaine! view, Great walk. the walk AND talk the talk who senators 💛 We @OIA: RT best! the retweet I'll year. all using photos Park National VA best your me Send this about concerns serious raise to first among been have to Glad Southern. Norfolk over take to threat its receded Pacific Canadian jobs Virginia and competition to detrimental been would’ve merger This advocates @SavetheChildren @SCActionNetwork with today speak to Honored mission US the shape &amp; define to an for calling be I'll morning. this ISIL of spread the discussing is career 40-year a of course the over $416K VA in women cost will gap wage today's @nwlc, to According pay equal have workers all ensure Must women. for $42,445 to compared $52,864 were VA in men for earnings median reports .@AAUW Park!) National a in (hopefully outdoors kids get Let's @OIA. of efforts Applaud ISIL: &amp; extremism homegrown combat effectively to strategy discussed hearing, today's At march! forced first her on L almost-3-months-old An @sarahkarlene: RT @timkaine NP Shenandoah @h2osusie: RT @timkaine County Albemarle River, Moormans @emilywhitworth: RT @timkaine River James the along @VAStateParks Chippokes @CarolDWoodward: RT coming! them Keep Park! National VA a to trip their from photos me send to use people seeing Already in! tune can you Hope 7:40am. at crew @Morning_Joe the Joining Canyon Oak White @timkaine @IGMaklielski: RT @ManassasNPS from photos @dsoderstrom: RT too! lovers park state for is VA @HamiltonMusical Jefferson! Thomas President to Birthday Happy service @wmata improve to steps and operations, safety, discuss to Wiedefeld GM with meeting a wrapped Just … @ShenandoahNPS trecking pleasure absolute the Had @timkaine @HikeMoreVA: RT family his with are prayers My community. the up lift helped work whose friend dear a was Singleton Oliver Info: Fair. Job Veterans-Only Annual 5th the host will @vaemploy &amp; Center Medical Affairs Veterans Salem Tomorrow, Commission Cyber @CommerceGov the of member a as appointed just was who @StevenChabinsky, Virginian to Congrats @aircraftcarrier ISIL to fight the take helping are who 75) (CVN Truman S. Harry USS the aboard sailors the Saluting @Op_Homefront cc: today! family his &amp; Quantico of Fagala Christian Child Met here story his about more Learn awareness. cancer childhood for advocate powerful a is Christian from benefit to stand they how about me with story their sharing Arlington of family Orellana the Appreciate apart them tear not together, families bring should policies our and immigrants of nation a are We de beneficiarían como compartir por Arlington de Orellana familia la a gracias Muchas missed. be will He deserve. they recognition the vets American Filipino get to hard fought Baltazar Jesse vet today ago years 9 soon too lost we lives the of remembrance in be Let's Jerusalem in bombing bus today's of aftermath the in wounded the for Praying efforts humanitarian &amp; recovery in assist to ready stands The Ecuador. in earthquake deadly the of victims the to out goes heart My families their support to residents legal as work &amp; government w/the register families VA 91,000 help could &amp; together Arlington of Orellanas the kept have which , &amp; uphold must juntos Arlignton de Orellana los mantenido han que vigor en y mantener debe to hesitate don't so country, the across parks visit to free It's ! Happy week this favorites my RT I'll , using photos me Send abroad &amp; home at Virus Zika of spread stem to request funding emergency @POTUS's approve to colleagues GOP my Urging @timkaine Park National Falls Great at views great and climbing Easy @AbbeyCompton: RT for qualifications his underscores ago years 21 case tragic the in justice bring to work Garland’s Merrick .@SCOTUSnom https://t… America: in faith on @SenatorLankford &amp; @timkaine @pewresearch, w discussion a for 2pm at tomorrow us join Please @ChrisCoons: RT Landscape Religious Changing America’s report: @pewresearch's on discussion a for @SenatorLankford &amp; @ChrisCoons colleagues join to Excited freedom for tirelessly fought choice! Excellent communities resilient more build enforcement law &amp; groups faith between relationships Positive command combatant a lead to female 1st be would &amp; @NoradNorthcom head to nominated been who's Robinson Lori GEN Met on effort bipartisan this &amp; the support to Proud year! all graders 4th for admission Free . get helping by Celebrate favorites! my RT I'll and using photos me Send ? during Park National VA a Visiting nominee qualified highly a such consider must Senate The today. Garland Merrick @SCOTUSnom meet to Honored Jamestown of birthday 400th the for visit Virginia II's Elizabeth Queen to ! planet our save &amp; pollution carbon reduce to effort worldwide a of start the marks Agreement Climate Paris the Signing @GovernorVA to thanks right this exercise can Virginians more 200,000 now and democracy our of fabric very the up makes vote to right The combatting by it preserve help &amp; beauty natural planet's our recognize let's , On @timkaine @RichmondNPS VA County Hanover Battlefield, Mill Gaines @adamtlewis: RT Sameach! Chag world. the across and Virginia in celebrating families to Passover reflective and joyous a for Wishing @ShenandoahNPS in wildlife the among safe stay to tips are here reminder, a As photo! Nice favorites my RT I'll . using photos best your me Send weekend? this park national a to Headed Virginians! Hey jobs high-skill in-demand, for students prepares science computer K-12 to access Increasing @VDHgov lives: save help can responsibly drugs Rx unused Disposing Day. Take-Back Drug Rx National is Saturday @VDHgov you! thank and Congrats efforts. take-back drug Rx 2015 their for awarded was Corps Reserve Medical Virginia Southwest The … website Zika @VDHgov visiting by season mosquito for prepare to Virginians all encourages .@GovernorVA @GovernorVA: RT hikes: price Rx drastic 's of victim a was who Heyman Berna Williamsburg's introduce I'll 3:30, At today story her tells She model. business hike price sudden 's of b/c needs she drug a afford couldn't Berna 9:30am: at here strategy East Middle &amp; operations counter-ISIL on hearing Committee Services Armed today's Watch strong. remain must Israel and the between bonds economic the agreed unanimously we yesterday, resolution Senate a of passage With economy VA's to contributions important their &amp; rights workers' talk to yesterday reps @steelworkers VA seeing Great families their &amp; veterans nation's our empower helping are @DogTagBakery at folks The life: civilian in succeed to need they education the get &amp; jobs find veterans helping is @DogTagBakery how Learn success!!! amazing their in partner small a is @WCKitchen my that proud @DogTagBakery @timkaine @chefjoseandres: RT operation. counter-ISIL the on hearing yesterday's &amp; policy foreign talk to 7:40am at crew @Morning_Joe the Joining conflict armed nation's the end and peace pursue to efforts Colombia's support to cosponsored I that week this resolution a passed Senate pacificamente armado conflicto el solucionar en Colombia de esfuerzos los respaldando copatrociné que resolución una aprobó Senado El @airandspace! to heading is Wise in @ramusaorg to supplies medical of delivery historic the made that drone The ET 3:00pm at Wednesday this thoughts my post I'll and Qs, your me Send @Quora. on education on questions Taking country the across students for protections legal clarify to @usedgov urging in colleagues my Joining https://t… More: protections. IX Title clarify to @usedgov urging I’m people, of rights limit to try NC like states As @SenFranken: RT teachers hardworking VA's thank to RT lives. students' in make can teachers difference the seen I've parent a As country the across and VA in community the of influence the celebrate to time a Month, Heritage Islander Pacific &amp; American Asian It's HM2016 history our on impact immeasurable an made &amp; communities our in leaders as served country, our for fought have Americans https:… students non-conforming gender &amp; transgender 4 protections on guidance comprehensive 4 @usedgov urged I &amp; .@TimKaine @MarkWarner: RT level federal the at resources mitigation and prevention in investing of importance the highlighted has Flint in contamination Lead contaminants for schools in water drinking testing for resources more request to week last colleagues Senate joined I Week @RestonChamber the to today expo good a on wishes Best innovative. &amp; strong economy Commonwealth's the keeps Week POY! VA 2016 the winning for Diagnostics, Made Taylor of President &amp; RN Taylor, Caroline to Congrats perduran que EEUU a Mex de contribuciones las de importancia la y Puebla de Batalla la en mexicanos los de valentía la reconocemos Hoy today! Vote America. in Town Small coolest @BudgetTravel’s for nominated been has Abingdon 1/3 disruptions. service &amp; insulators arcing outages, power incidents, smoke near-daily of normal new the than better deserve riders Metro 2/3 situation. the of urgency the grasps today announced Plan issues. safety Metro’s w/ deal to plan take-charge a see to years waited We’ve plan: repair @wmata the on @MarkWarner w/ statement full My served he those &amp; colleagues former his by missed be will who servant public accomplished an family; Joannou's Johnny with are prayers My in weekend this Anne &amp; parents my with time Enjoying Day! Mother's Happy streets the off opioids unused keep will that success great A Day. Back Take month's last during VA in collected were drugs Rx of lbs 31,000 fall the in one another organize to look will @DEAHQ the and agencies Virginia participated! who all to Thanks @MSNBC to Tune . in play will it role important the and policy foreign discuss to on now @mitchellreports Joining students for on briefing a holding @All4Ed &amp; Caucus Education Technical and Career Senate now, Live @All4Ed @NovaAccess cc: beyond and college for students preparing &amp; on thoughts his share @NOVA_Prez Watch serving for you thank and Congrats, today. 2016 of class @ArmyWarCollege the of students with Spoke in classroom the leading for named being on Arlington in Abingdon of Firster Jacqueline to Congrats industry VA #1 of commodity ag #1 Poultry @WTO. trade fair on China challenging in @USTradeRep Applaud day every us protect to serve who officers the all and them honor Let's . during Guindon &amp; Dermyer Officers of Thinking law be will @ArlingtonNatl at rights burial Pilots Service @usairforce Women give to cosponsored I bill the Proud wrong this right could Congress Glad recognition. special this deserve and admirably nation our served pilots brave These library and museum @GeoCMarshallFou’s through Marshall George General of legacy &amp; life the honoring resolution a intro to @MarkWarner Joined sacks in leader @NFL and @VT_Football all-time and Norfolk from end defensive Fame of Hall Smith! Bruce to Congrats for: fought I and @MarkWarner priorities VA several with Senate the passed has bill Appropriations Water &amp; Energy prosperity and security mutual our to vital and strong remains nations our between bond The Israel. of State the to day independence Happy statement: full My community. defense hardworking Virginia’s benefit will that provisions many includes Proud abuse: opioid addressing on @Macklemore with @POTUS from address weekly Important resources treatment to access increase to Senate the in working be to Proud anyone. affect can it discriminate, doesn't abuse Opioid lead to us on depending US &amp; VA across communities and Families epidemic. this address to Congress in work bipartisan more for Hoping here: bill my about more Learn lives. save help can medications opioid with naloxone Co-prescribing 11:00am at live Watch 2016. of class @VMInews for address commencement the deliver to Excited godspeed! and luck Good Lexington. in leadership global and on 2016 of class @VMInews address to Honored students enrollment dual for program Grant Pell experimental in part take to selected were @germannacc and CC VA Central that news Fantastic higher-ed of cost the cut help &amp; students benefit Will program. site experimental @usedgov’s applaud I enrollment, dual of beneficiary a As @edworkforcedems cc: of future for Act CTE Perkins passing of importance on testify to way my On @edworkforcedems here live hearing the Watch some are Here Committee. @EdWorkforce House the for on testimony my wrapped Just track academic the into CTE of integration promote that bills bipartisan intro'd I've priority. edu my made have I Senate, In life in success to path great a is sciences, computer or carpentry, welding, be it whether skills, of acquisition The workers retraining &amp; jobs creating for solutions proven are They society. in programs surrounding stigma a be shouldn't There Board v. Brown in skin their of color the on based schoolchildren to denied be not could equality of promise the ruled 1954, in matter important this on rule to justices 9 had Board v. Brown ensure to nominee a confirming &amp; considering by job its did Senate @SCOTUSnom of obstruction unprecedented re: @SenBlumenthal @CoryBooker w/@SenatorCardin 4pm at floor to heading spirit, that In Virginia in many to appears obstruction this how share to want I but motivations, majority's the know don't I constituents many among perception painful a feeds - president American African first the - @SCOTUSnom President's this consider to Refusal country… our challenges pressing most the addressing to critical so is functioning full, a why reminds @ChrisCoons: RT @USArmy the of Secretary new the Fanning, Eric to Congratulations today! Capitol the out checking Council Youth Danville the of members see to great was It public American the to sends it message dangerous the &amp; @SCOTUSnom of obstruction unprecedented on speech my ICYMI: nomination Garland’s Judge on vote &amp; hearing a for time It’s perceived. are actions our how to ourselves blind cannot We all for equality and justice providing discrimination, housing from people protects rule (AFFH) Furthering Affirmatively choice people giving and communities, in investing opportunity, expanding about It's Act. of core the at is rule AFFH choice of way the in stand that barriers down break that decisions investment &amp; planning informed make communities lets AFFH planning community of control local ends or move, to people requires laws, zoning to changes mandates AFFH say to fiction is It rule AFFH the weaken to attempts against stand you if RT new. not is further affirmatively to communities for obligation The year fiscal this refugees Syrian 10,000 resettle to commitment fulfill to Administration the Urging US the to travelers of vetted carefully most the are Refugees Syria. in violence unspeakable the fleeing those help must We security ensure &amp; times wait long address help to funding TSA increased for calling in colleagues Joining paramount and vital is measures security substantial through travelers and transportation, surface airports, our Protecting Hillsboro! in latest the and infrastructure discuss to today Vance Roger Mayor with meeting Great 9:15 at in Tune perceived. it's how &amp; obstruction @SCOTUSnom continued discuss to tonight @maddow Joining program! its for designation national the on @TCCva to Congrats perceived being it's how &amp; @SCOTUSnom President's of obstruction the discuss to night last @maddow Joined missed. dearly be will who craft his of master A Safer. Morley legend @60Minutes &amp; @CBSnews of passing the at Saddened economy global in compete employers &amp; workers students, more help to is apprenticeships-goal promote to bill Intro'd Virginia: for provisions solid with bill approps VetAffairs / MilCon / a pass could Senate the Glad months summer the into move we as Important virus. of spread prevent to funding supplemental emergency important includes also Bill choices: healthcare women's of freedom the defend to bill a on colleagues Joining doctor her with decision a made has she after counter pharmacy the at denied be should contraception to access woman’s No https:/… 5/24 on @CSIS topic this discuss will @timkaine Act? Cybersecurity the after sharing info on stand we do Where @CyberCSIS: RT https:/… pharmacies: at access protect to Act Control Birth to Access introducing for @timkaine Sen. Virginia's you Thank @NARALVirginia: RT ! today Series Championship D District the for College Montgomery on take they as baseball men's @DCCPR to luck Good @SenPatRoberts! colleague my with tonight @CFTNI the by honored be to Proud live: Watch @CSIS. at posture cyber elevating &amp; Discussing today office the in classics Dylan some Enjoying Dylan. Bob advocate rights civil &amp; musician legendary to birthday 75th Happy championships! national back to back on @UVAMensTennis to Congrats Month Heritage American Jewish for today community American Jewish the in leaders to speak to Honored challenges: employment of cost economic shows study @BlueStarFamily . is May today! finals @ScrippsBee the in Edwin and Tejas, Hannah, Virginians to luck Good earlier) mistake my catching for @philosophykat (h/t week this performances great their on Edwin and Tejas Kyra, to Congrats trap! wolf at day Fun @HokiePedro: RT well job the do to experience has she Confident oversight. for esp position, Important ambassador. @iaeaorg as confirmed Holgate Laura https://t.… graduation @WMLawSchool at remarks on story @VALW @TimKaine: Senator of Education The @WMLawSchool: RT favs my RT I'll . using photos best your me Send ? on park national a to Going VA! Hey nation our protected have who servicemembers the to Grateful forgotten. be never will heroes fallen Our https:… call! Great yours. of hike favorite a is stairs devils little Heard .@timkaine @TimBialecki: RT VA! in peak Highest Rogers. Mt @NeffGould: RT families: their and troops, veterans, our support to plan comprehensive a has @HillaryClinton Trump, Unlike society American in prevalent so remains violence gun when complacent be cannot Congress @CDCgov at research prevention violence gun &amp; safety firearms on ban 20-year facto de a lift would that bill a support to Proud sales firearm online &amp; private all on checks record background strengthens dramatically that bill a for support my Announced Act Checks Gun Fix &amp; Act Prevention Violence Gun or Safety Firearms on Research CDC the about more Learn again.… &amp; again happening from this prevent to action take must We normal. new the as violence gun of level our accept cannot We @POTUS: RT admirably. Virginia SW served who Commonwealth our for servant public great a Stump, Jackie Delegate of loss the by Saddened Chief in Commander be to unfit is Trump why out laid clearly she - watch and back go should today speech @HillaryClinton's missed who Anyone @Daily_Press: today's in country our to risk unprecedented an poses Trump Donald why on take My floor the broadcasting @CSPAN of yrs 30 marks Today best. works Senate the when sees public the Productivity lines: OR/SV to impacts on updated stay tomorrow, begins surge As sign good a is which up, stepping finally is WMATA overdue. long is work safety but commuters, for inconvenient be will know We 🇺🇸 @ussoccer support! your show to RT ! off kick they as tonight the for Rooting invaluable were athletes and sport to contributions His worldwide. inspiration an was Ali Muhammad month holy this during world the across and Virginia in Muslims to Kareem Ramadan on Forces Allied the of sacrifice and devotion valor, the remember we Today, 11am: at it cover will @WDBJ7 @DDayMemorial. the at ceremony today's of part a be to Honored Center Command Launch Mission new a for Friday last groundbreaking its on @NASA_Wallops to Congrats Island Assateague park, favorite my at weekend the Spent @lizchar: RT Assateague on spotting horse Wild @lizchar: RT mission clarify &amp; terrorism against fight US tailor better to 2001 revise can we hope my it's year, this ISIL-specific of Short here: the on today introduced I amendments the on statement full My nominee presumptive our @HillaryClinton call to proud So made! History House White the to @HillaryClinton send we ensure to together come to us for time it's Now night last wins primary historic @HillaryClinton's discuss to 7:15am at @wmalnews Joining 7:35AM at in Tune @jfradioshow! of edition special a on friends many so join to Excited abroad Americans &amp; servicemembers protect to @StateDept Urging virus. to responding proactive more be must We cooperation legislative future for model a is process this in shown faith good The support. unanimous with @POTUS to sent Senate Proud years 25 past the for carcinogen, known a asbestos, of regulation prevented has that obstacle bureaucratic a away clears forgotten! be never will bill this on leadership His Lautenberg. Frank Sen. NJ late the after named was reform 🇺🇸 !! in night last win decisive a for @USSoccer to Congratulations 🇺🇸 !! en anoche decisiva victoria su por @USSoccer a Felicidades today Capitol the in Congress of session joint a before India for vision Modi’s Minister Prime hear to Honored combatting &amp; issues defense on US-India b/t cooperation increased by Encouraged here: statement full My year. every growing is relationship US-India the of importance Strategic exist: still disparities rankings, high Despite region. NoVa in disparities health on tool mapping &amp; report New justice seeking &amp; life of loss the mourning in Israel with stands The Aviv. Tel in attack terror violent today's by saddened &amp; Shocked th… to resolution peaceful for need the to attention bring to efforts Almagro's General Secretary @OAS_official commend I @SenatorDurbin: RT families their with reunite to program @USCIS announcing in @SenatorReid &amp; @maziehirono join to Honored US the in reunite to decades, even years, waited have who members family loving from care receive to allow will policy @USCIS New WWII of contributions important the forget never we ensure &amp; community American Filipino the for issues champion to continue Will members: family their with reunite to parole request now can US the and Virginia in businesses VA for opportunities &amp; jobs creating is Pickett Fort at center training security embassy new the Pleased home! Welcome time difficult incredibly this at wounded &amp; lost those of ones loved the to out goes heart My Orlando. in tragedy senseless &amp; Horrific here: in Tune Orlando. in tragedy the discuss to 7:30 at @WTOP on Joan &amp; Mike Joining here: in Listen Lynchburg. in WIQO with 7:50am at shootings Orlando the Discussing @WTOP on ISIL against new a for push continued my &amp; morning this Orlando in tragedy the on Reflected ! the of years 100 celebrating are who Washington in today @girlscouts Virginia with Met today birthday 241st it's on - present and past - @USArmy the in women and men the all Thanking serve bravely you communities the protecting for @LoudounSheriff to you Thank today. Chapman Mike Sheriff with Met in! Tune 7:20AM. at @Morning_Joe on be Will https://… tutoring: years spent he's where school elementary the for speech commencement a delivers Garland Judge Today, @SCOTUSnom: RT now: School Elementary at address commencement the deliver Garland @SCOTUSnom Watch @Morning_Joe on violence gun address to Congress in take can we steps right the &amp; shooting Orlando the Discussed in! Tune @MSNBC. on on soon @mitchellreports Joining violence gun prevent to reforms commonsense about bring to stand a taking are who today colleagues my Applauding too. had I’ve need still but Progress, shadows the in live longer no to opportunity the got hardworking young ago, years Four today: Park State Virginia your Find @VAStateParks! Birthday, 80th Happy ! and tonight later floor the on be to Planning it. miss Wouldn't hearing Committee Aging today's at @MyBlueRidgeBank of President Plum, Brian introduce to Honored Americans lower-income among savings increase to way innovative an offers bank his how shared Brian CSPAN2 on live Watch violence. gun to comes it when had have Virginians . to Headed @ChrisMurphyCT by job Amazing colleagues. with tonight to Honored now. action taking by Orlando of victims the honor can We on action force to powerful night's last during floor the from remarks My vote a cast Let's . on bystanders being stop to time It's 6pm. at in Tune w/@ABC7News. reform gun on inaction to comes it when had I’ve why and night’s last Discussed 🇺🇸 tonight! game big their in @USSoccer to luck Good 866-DOM-HELP calling by wires downed Report storms. severe night’s last after safe staying is County Henrico in everyone Hoping ago year one Church AME Emanuel at soon too lost the remembering in today alike Americans &amp; Carolinians South Joining 🇺🇸 proud!! us make You semi-finals! the to advancing for @USSoccer to Congratulations today! country the across and VA in dads loving the all to happy very a Wishing today recognizing in nation the across people and Virginians join to Proud … firsthand deterioration Bridge's Memorial see to tour a on @MayorBowser &amp; @timkaine join to ready Getting @MarkWarner: RT Bridge Memorial of parts deteriorating touring after shortly @MayorBowser &amp; @MarkWarner with Standing today! fields academic other &amp; CTE in students brightest country’s the of some of work inspiring the recognizing for @WhiteHouse Applaud fields technical and career in renaissance current the demonstrate Scholars Presidential Today’s to access increase to ways on working keep Will education. the in invest we well how on depends success future America’s scholars! the all with here Photo today. Scholars Presidential of class inaugural address to Honored commonsense be should sales private on checks background implementing &amp; terrorists of hands the of out guns Keeping appalling. is This strikes tragedy another before issue this on act &amp; reconsider will we Hope violence. gun on action take and bystanders being stop to need We war of savagery the or disasters fleeing those on backs our turn can't we tested, is compassion our When discuss to 9:35 at @1140WRVA Joining yesterday. measures reform gun post-Orlando pass to failure the at Appalled here Live terrorists. from guns keep to proposal bipartisan intro to soon @SenatorHeitkamp &amp; @SenatorCollins Joining this fix to proposal bipartisan support to Proud gun. a buy to able be shouldn't you fly, to dangerous too you're If economy our on dice the roll to Trump Debt" of "King self-proclaimed the allow cannot we agree, I earlier. @HillaryClinton from speech Great 🇺🇸 you! in believe We Argentina. versus tonight @USSoccer on cheer to Excited violence gun on action take to Time . had have who colleagues Democratic my on cheer to floor House the to Heading violence gun to bystanders being stop to has Congress @repjohnlewis. with floor House on in sitting be to Proud Challenge College Community the for finalist @NSF a as selected was It exhibit! @VirginiaWestern's Saw in! tune can you Hope 7:15am. at @NewDay CNN Joining up! it Keep reform. gun commonsense of support in at speaking @repbobbyscott friend my saw Just roll. a on are Dems House gun a buying from terrorists prevent to commonsense be should it why &amp; discuss to @NewDay Joined over from far is shadows the of out families of millions bring to fight the but setback, a is &amp; on ruling immigration effort @POTUS's support to can I everything do to continue will I system, broken a fix to refuse to continues Congress While law of rule the to is the filling on blockade Republican the destructive how shows today cases two in rulings Split branch another undermining by advantage political gain can it believes government of branch one when day sad a is It support people American the reform meaningful for Time stronger. party our make will that unity of sign a was memory his in Boys Mountain Clinch some to Listening be Will Stanley. Ralph native County Dickenson of passing the about hear to Saddened help need you if Office Sheriff's Co Alleghany the contact &amp; areas flooded of clear Stay morning. this safe is Covington in everyone Hoping hate &amp; intolerance fight to work must We always. and today community LGBT the with stand to Proud won. love ago, year One choices healthcare own her make to right woman's a undermine to attempt an is: it what for law Texas seeing for Applaud all for freedom reproductive expand to fight the as well as families, &amp; women for win major a is law Texas on ruling virus the combat to funding pass than politics play rather would Republicans yet country, the across threat serious a poses stmt: My talks. of round new a in engage immediately &amp; distraction partisan this abandon to colleagues GOP my Urge injured or killed those of ones loved &amp; families to out goes heart My city. beautiful a , in attack Horrific end. must violence The decisions informed make borrowers student help to @SenDeanHeller &amp; @SenCoryGardner w/@MarkWarner bill a intro'd Just earlier guidance financial comprehensive providing by loans out take they when decisions smart make families help will bill This funding prevention virus on negotiations restart should Congress time. much too wasted already We've territory uncharted into island the pushed have would debt the on default A necessary. is it but perfect, from far is bill Rico Puerto perjudicial sería pagos los con cumplir No necesaria. es si pero perfecta es no Rico Puerto sobre Legislacion process the in voice stronger them give &amp; interests residents' Rico Puerto protect better to amendments considered have could Senate Wish voz mayor darles y puertorriqueños de intereses los proteger para enmiendas considerado hubiera Senado el que Quisiera issue this on engage to continuing to forward look I better. deserve they &amp; citizens US are home Rico Puerto call who people million The debate al contribuyendo seguir Espero mejor. merecen y estadounidenses son Rico Puerto de habitantes de millones 3,5 Los op-ed @FauquierDotCom My patients. Alzheimer's for outcomes improve can care &amp; planning research, in Investing stronger forces armed our make will inclusivity &amp; Openness today. Carter by lifted ban service transgender military see to Glad competitiveness. and jobs for Crucial vote. a for up nominee @ExImBankUS bring to leadership Senate Urging forget never will we time a of generations future teach to forever live will writings Wiesel's Elie today family and friends with celebrating is everyone Hoping Day! Independence Happy today virus the to response Virginia's on orgs advocacy health &amp; @VDHgov with Spoke virus the against prepared be to do can we what on Virginia in diligently working are officials health local and State term short and long , against prepare to needed tools the fund and games the end to responsibility a has Congress Chicago in legend life than larger a Mikva, Abner of family the to condolences deepest our send I &amp; Anne this for push the on colleagues DC &amp; VA with closely worked have to Proud commuters. NoVa for boost much-needed A people their &amp; stability regional to commitment our Affirms Afghanistan. in levels troop US of trajectory adjust to decision @POTUS Support announcement: Afghanistan the on statement full My passage final for Senate in it advance to work Will heritage. &amp; history country’s our to connected so is bill This need: you information The travelers. @Reagan_Airport affect will it and begun, has @WMATA of 3 Phase today world the across and Virginia in celebrating those all to Mubarak Eid morning! this @RoyalRangersUSA &amp; @boyscouts @girlscouts VA's with time spend to excited were I and .@MarkWarner communities black &amp; police b/t trust build pattern, this end to Need tragic. are deaths Agree .@neurolosophy border southern our at refugees in increase by posed challenges address to obligation the ignore longer no can US sur frontera la en refugiados los de aumento el por desafíos los a responder de obligación la ignorar podemos No &amp; of shootings police disturbing on tonight speech floor from @Medium on remarks My citizens fellow their protect to jobs their doing officers police brave on attack calculated &amp; brazen a were night last in Shootings wounded the for praying &amp; heroes 5 of loss the mourning , in violence senseless of act horrific this condemning in Americans Joining you: near location a Find questions. your answer to week next Virginia the across hours office hosting is staff My wounded &amp; family victim’s the with are Prayers violence. gun of act an to carrier a losing after family @heraldcourier to Condolences @NARAL: funding their restrict not respond, to clinics health women's equip fully should bill comprehensive A speech Trump's discuss to Joining disdain. them shown only has who someone not them, applauds who President a deserve veterans VA Congress in action climate blocking industry-led the it's because @SenateDems w/ stand I it addressing of challenge the to rise must and can we and Virginia in happening it’s real, is change Climate environment security complex today's in critical &amp; relevant are UNCLOS like frameworks international existing means ruling the in actions China’s challenging for avenue important an is it proves Ruling treaty. UNCLOS ratified hasn't US Unfortunate region the in allies &amp; partners our &amp; norms international to commitment demonstrate &amp; law of rule strengthen would UNCLOS on leadership US leadership! MHI's of members with met I while yesterday Norfolk in stopping Arlington USS see to surprise Pleasant @HillaryClinton behind unite Dems see to excited So Trump. on taking in force a be will movement the &amp; campaign superb a ran .@SenSanders VA to important Workforce, Federal the strengthening on post blog @OPMDirector &amp; @ShaunOMB the Read @USSHARRYSTRUMAN the of women and men @USNavy brave the to you Thank home! back Welcome nations our to important mutually issues the discuss to Honduras of Hernández President with down sit to Great countries both benefit will that investment an is which region, prosperous &amp; peaceful a build to Honduras with stand will The importancia mutua de asuntos nuestros sobre hablar y Honduras de Hernández Presidente el con sentarme placer un Fue países ambos beneficiará que inversión una próspera, y pacífica región una construir a Honduras a apoyará EEUU Los step first good a is bill This Virginia. on having is epidemic abuse heroin &amp; opioid the impact an significant how firsthand seen Have naloxone life-saving to access increases that CARA in provisions draft to group bipartisan with worked have to Proud statement: Full abuse. medication from elderly the protect to provision a draft to colleagues with worked Also https… today: speech My exist. not does it mean not does another, of anguish the pain, the feel not do you because Just @SenatorTimScott: RT it. watch to others Urging today. @SenatorTimScott colleague my from heart, the from straight speech, powerful Very it: on hearing Committee Relations Foreign Senate today's Watch . the reaching since year one marks Today Commonwealth! the in @HillaryClinton with time rally It's Virginia! en @HillaryClinton con todos reunirnos de hora Es today! @HillaryClinton join to Honored President! hired" "you're a want They President. fired" "you're a want doesn't VA time difficult this at to world the of rest the Joining . to condolences Deepest @TimKaine. Senator and Virginia you, Thank @HillaryClinton: RT . Now, Commonwealth! the to back you welcoming Pleasure .@HillaryClinton PTSD from suffering vets to dogs service provides which Act, PAWS the on @SenatorFischer &amp; @CoryBooker join to Proud sacrifice their honoring finally are we Glad Senate! the passed has Medal Gold Congressional a veterans WWII Filipino awarding Bill violence. hateful of acts senseless these for justification No morning. this Rouge Baton in news the by Horrified it condemn must All atrocity. absolute an is Rouge Baton in today Shooting safely home come will they whether about shift daily a for leave they when worry who families their &amp; everywhere police to out goes Heart Rouge Baton in like attacks cold-blooded out carry to weaponry murderous the obtain to people for easy so is it that troubled Deeply others of expense the at himself enriching of history long very a has Trump live: out all it Check ! celebrate tomorrow and today events holding is .@NASA_Langley issues business regional on discussion @NOVAChamber a for Fairfax in afternoon this @MarkWarner friend my join to Excited together us bring would that plans of instead apart, us tears that rhetoric with fill to chose Trump Miami! in tomorrow trail the hit to wait Can’t mate. running her be to honored I’m Hillary. with phone the off got Just @HillaryClinton! de vicepresidencia la a candidato el ser de ¡Honrado —@timkaine them." to listens She people. insult doesn’t She Trump. Donald of opposite exact the is Clinton "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT —@timkaine optimist.’” an be right, do to want you me…‘if told once mom “My @HillaryClinton: RT —@timkaine life.” my of decision best the remains, and was, Anne "Marrying @HillaryClinton: RT —@TimKaine delivered.” always has she And Hillary. in faith and trust their put who’ve people of lot awful an are "There @HillaryClinton: RT preventing… on —@TimKaine loopholes.” close and checks background universal get we not will I and "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT … —@TimKaine States.” United the of president 45th the Clinton Hillary elect and history make go “Let’s @HillaryClinton: RT air! hot the brought who one the You're it. for them pay should you &amp; fine is AC Roanoke Hotel the .@realDonaldTrump in. all it Taking delegation. Florida the of member this to off Hats optimist. an be right, do to want you If right. do or right be to whether decide to have all We serve. to chance the for Grateful results. gets Hillary results—and deliver can you if is politics in matters What … → stage the take @POTUS and @TimKaine, @JoeBiden, as Facebook on live of three night Watch @HillaryClinton: RT —Tim Annella." and Woody Nat, children: wonderful three my and Anne wife beautiful my thank to want "I —Tim States!" United the of president vice be to nomination party's my accept humbly "I —Tim happened:" it how you tell me let but here, be to expected never "I it" do businesses family small how 's pitched I &amp; brothers My salesman. best his was mom ironworking union a ran dad "My carpentry." &amp; welding kids taught I Honduras. in missionaries Jesuit with volunteer to school law off year a took "I —Tim world." the in husband luckiest the am I and years, 32 almost for married been have I and "Anne —Tim Party!" Democratic the in here right you for home a got we've Lincoln, of Party that for looking are you of any "If —Tim do.” people last—tough don't times tough hey, but 1930s, the since recession deepest the through state my steer to had “I —Tim was.” Clinton Hillary that senator a fantastic how you tell will listening, is nobody sure made they've "Republican ourselves. as neighbors our love must we and neighbors all We're together. them keep to Hillary trusts She deported? be would parents her feared who Monday on from heard we girl little the Karla, Remember safe. daughters and sons mothers' other keep to Hillary trust They night? last from heard we Movement the of Mothers the Remember … —@TimKaine himself!" It's too. passion, a has Trump Donald families. and kids for passion a has "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT —Tim me.'" 'Believe biggest his makes he after right words two same the saying of habit a has lot, a "promises Trump stiffed. got all They succeed. them help would he said he when Trump Donald believed students University Trump of Thousands mouth." Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, —Tim comments." offensive his after him for vote could woman any how know didn't she said she Bush: Barbara Lady First former from it "Take —Tim job." the for ready she’s proven who’s candidate The job. the with trusted be can she proven who's candidate the elect better "We together. stronger we're knows she because ready She's experience. her of because ready She's heart. her of because ready Hillary's —@TimKaine mouth.” Trump's Donald of out comes that word one believe cannot you "Folks, @HillaryClinton: RT —@TimKaine lead." to Ready win. to Ready fight. to Ready ready. is "Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT presid… vice great a be will He know. I anyone as servant, public a committed and humble as man, a good as is Kaine “Tim @HillaryClinton: RT gr… a make will he know I speech. his during out came service to commitment and integrity spirit, genuine @timkaine's Sen. @MagicJohnson: RT down. you let won't I president. vice for nomination Democratic the accept to life my of honor the was It pre… vice our as proud country whole the make @'ll know to getting just are who there out you of those "For @HillaryClinton: RT about. is election this what That's another. one serve and can you good the all Do belief: basic this share We htt… ticket: Democratic official the as rally campaign first their at Philadelphia in stage the take @TimKaine &amp; Hillary @HillaryClinton: RT go. Let's election. this win to campaign and out go to left days 100 just have we'll tomorrow, of As Anne wife, his on —Tim others." serve to looking you're if partner life best the "She's see. to needs America what That’s party. our of heart the is that spirit can-do optimistic, the showed we week, Last Americans. as do should we what it's do—and families what That's other. each for out look to need We T… from Tweets Twitter! our over taking is @timkaine nominee, VP @HillaryClinton's as rally hometown first his of honor In @HillaryforVA: RT -TK home. be to happy so I'm @HillaryClinton, with trail the on week exciting an After Virginia! Hello, @HillaryforVA: RT https… -TK Volunteering: balloons? than cooler what's know you But amazing. were balloons the Yes, @HillaryforVA: RT haters! for not is Virginia rally. VA a of out baby a kicked he Today, family. VA Star Gold a Then Roanoke. Hotel the attacked Trump First people. other of eyes the in looking through God know to come We States. United the of president be to woman strong a support and up stand to chance a men strong gives election This together. work can You person. other the hate to have don’t you but view, of point different a have could You : to return @timkaine's of highlights the out Check @HillaryforVA: RT @AFLCIO! me, having for Thanks same. the deserve family—others our for living decent a provided shop union dad's My … → here spot your Reserve Friday. this Milwaukee in be will @TimKaine BREAKING: @HillaryforWI: RT home: at here employees in invest that companies supporting with starts economy stronger A president. fired" "you're a be he'd says record His president. jobs "greatest" our be he'd claims Trump … here: online LIVE – Conference @NatUrbanLeague addresses .@TimKaine @cspan: RT -@timkaine it. fight and face the in square injustice look to need We @NatUrbanLeague: RT president. great a and friend old an to birthday Happy us. on counting are election—families this shoulders our on weight of bit little a feel to ought all We it: to access has everyone sure make Let's succeed. to it need businesses Small learn. to broadband need Kids view. of points others' from things at looking life of walks all from people policy—it's than more about is Healing . to time It's many. too for right that threatens VRA weakened a and democracy, our of heart the at is vote to right The up. give don’t you and about care you something trying back your on knocked get you when is Character deal. big a detail—it's a not it's business, or kid own your about it's if but plans, policy detailed got We've plan. economic his at look himself—just for it in only is Trump Donald preven… to together come and terror against up stand to have We despicable. is Pakistan in hospital a of bombing Today's @HillaryClinton: RT Trump. like business do them of none life—and my in businesspeople great some meet to enough fortunate been I've folks. clearer, be couldn't jobs on choice The home. hits really Trump Donald support can't he why about daughter his to letter David's War! Border the reinstate to deal a broker will candidate VP Mizzou-educated Kansas-raised, this Yes, act: to Congress for time It's hurting. are Families funding. Zika around conversation the in place no has Politics tab. the up pick to families working leave and top the at those for rates cut nutshell: a in plan tax Trump's today: did Trump Donald what That’s violence. countenance to anything do should presidency the seeking is who Nobody @gabrielledoug! native, Virginia to congrats special a Rio—and in performance outstanding their on the to Congrats break. a me Give families? working help somehow will top the at those to cut tax huge another giving thinks Trump ahora. actuar que Tenemos pública. salud de problema este enfrentan familias mientras Zika sobre actuado haya no Congreso el que Indignante much. so Not families? Working plan. economic his under bandit a like out make would Trump Donald change. real want and angry are people why exactly is This … pipeline. Dakota North the against sisters &amp; brothers American Native our and @shailenewoodley with stand We @janeosanders: RT —@LATimes presidency." the seek to candidates prepared best the of one is Clinton "Hillary limit. the sky's the ceilings, no are there When billionaires. the and Trump Donald Adelson, Sheldon not and class middle the for works that government a create to going are We victims… the of spirit tremendous and lives the honor let's Today, 2001. 11, September of horror the forget never We'll @HillaryClinton: RT https://… catastrophe. a be would Trump president. pragmatic smart, a be would Clinton board: Editorial @latimes: RT off. us ripping stop to decide drugmakers before medication their afford can't they because die to got have people many how about worry I Nov in @HillaryClinton for vote will We @realDonaldTrump. about silent stay to going arent people Good right. .@U2's agree. we happen," never will that plan absurd and cruel "a mean you "nonsense" by If feelings." my hurt that him, of fun made Trump Mr. When condition. same the have I and reporter "The Klan. Klux Ku the this of endorsements newspaper only his of one got just Trump Donald House. White the in champion a deserve families and kids think you if this RT detall… más para @Hillary_esp en ¡Síganme español. en discurso mi daré donde Arizona en estaré Hoy Kaine. Tim habla Les ¡Hola! @timkaine: RT Vote:… him. stop to power the have voters Latino immigrants. and Latinos demonizing on campaign his built has Trump 🤔 them: Join out! miss Don’t the… Honor lives. their gave mine of Friends vote. to right the for arrested--all and beaten been protested, marched, I’ve @repjohnlewis: RT … vote: to need they why them tell to friends your with share and page your Create you? to most the matter issues What @HFA: RT story: Wiggins's Mae is This skin." my of color the on based buildings Trump the in apartment an denied was "I Carolina: North in live speak Hillary watch Day, Election until days 5 just With https… days." few a in made history more even see will maybe knows "Who special: was Series World winning Cubs says Clinton @ABCPolitics: RT —Hillary against.” vote to someone just not for, vote can you candidate a deserve you that believe truly "I Latinos. and Americans African against discriminating for @TheJusticeDept by sued were company entire their Fred—and father Donald—his unifying. and inclusive and hopeful is that one for vision dark Trump’s rejecting are people America, Across law. the by respected is everyone and law, the for respect has everyone when safer all are We agree: you if vote to plan a Make —Hillary other.” each about fear stoke we when best our at we’re believe don’t "I you? Are her. with is .@FLOTUS something… has she Trump, versus Hillary to comes it when and years, the over history of lot a seen has Steininger Ruline @HillaryforIA: RT economía"—@TimKaine… nuestra a y diversidad nuestra a contribuyen multilingües y bilingües familias las que entiende no "Él @Hillary_esp: RT us… a gracias mejor país un es Unidos Estados más y inteligente más fuerte, más nación nuestra a hacen "Ustedes @Hillary_esp: RT real… "There @PeteWilliamsNBC: Foundation?" Clinton the into investigation FBI the of status the is "What .@chucktodd: @TheBriefing2016: RT @Pharrell. and @BernieSanders with Carolina North in trail the on Hillary Join Carolina North in —Hillary ground.” common find to together, people bring to people…working to listening by started done I’ve "Everything be.” will I president of kind the is that Tuesday, next me elect you “If —Hillary see?" to going we are change of kind what is, question The president. new a have will America 20, January "Come —Hillary future?" our fear and other, each fear to going we are America—or stronger better, a build to going we "Are —Hillary down.” other each tear not up, people lift to want We small-minded. not big-hearted, is America that know "We lifetimes. our in elections consequential most the of one is This vote. to know you everybody Get vote. and out Get vote? to ready you Are are. WE who about is—it’s Trump who about just isn’t election This this: of part a Be voted. already have Americans million 31 than More prison? in be still should they thinks he that Trump about say it does What exonerated. were Five Park Central The things. these of all said who president a Imagine that: About Trump —Donald has." anybody that temperament greatest the have to honored also "I'm history: in campaign divisive most the running for rewarded isn't Trump sure Make you see to Hope Dems! local and @HillaryClinton for today Commonwealth the criss-crossing I'm Virginia: in Friends Beach! Virginia in sing-along leading .@MartinOMalley @vademocrats: RT … Martin! proud it Sing clearer"—@MartinOMalley. be not could choice the "Colorado, @coloradodems: RT pro… emancipation the of reading 1st heard Americans African where the see to @_HamptonU by Stopped relations police-community improve pipeline, school2prison end system, justice criminal reform to Need @HillaryClinton. w more agree Couldnt @MartinOMalley‼️ + Clinton/Kaine + Puppy @vademocrats: RT Demo… all and @LevarStoney @HillaryforVA @HillaryClinton elect Lets Virginia. in Dems meeting day incredible an What back. it bring to wants who president a for voting aren't We discrimination. end to nation a as far too come have We wage? living a to wage minimum the raise should we think doesn’t multi-billionaire, a Trump, Donald that it is How … collusion price possible for companies drug these investigate to feds the wants Sanders Bernie @Carolynyjohnson: RT agree. Americans of 90% medication. live-saving of off money much too make companies Drug … oped @guardian My resolved. be to listening &amp; love prayer, w/ faced be must @MarkRuffalo: RT America. in families wealthiest the of 158 just from come has race presidential 2016 the to contributed been has that money the half About collusion price possible for companies drug these investigate to feds the wants Sanders Bernie @Wonkblog: RT broken! curses Two Rickey. Branch since guy office front best the Theo's @Cubs. the for happy be to not hard it's but guy, Central AL an I'm -TK detalles! más para @Hillary_esp en ¡Síganme español. en discurso mi daré donde Arizona en estaré Hoy Kaine. Tim habla Les ¡Hola! campaña una de español en completo discurso primer el daré Hoy, país. este en millones 40 de más de idioma el es español El -TK speak. you language what are—or you who matter no backgrounds, all of people embrace We strength. greatest America's is diversity Our cuenta.… esta desde hablando estaré les Hoy aquí. estar de emocionado muy estoy y Arizona a llegar de Acabo todos! a ¡Hola @Hillary_esp: RT … aquí! votar para plan un ¡Haz viernes? mañana termina temprano voto el que ¿Sabías Arizona, de Amigos @Hillary_esp: RT reform… y educación la a acceso trabajos, mejores crear como latinas familias las para plan nuestro sobre hablaré breve, En @Hillary_esp: RT … -TK presidencial. campaña de evento un de español en completo discurso primer el doy mientras ahora Sígueme @Hillary_esp: RT comunid… nuestra de valores Los duro. trabajo y familia fe, conceptos: tres en resumir puede se Honduras en aprendí que “Lo @Hillary_esp: RT cu… ahí estarán madre su o padre su si saber sin mañana, cada padres sus a adiós dicen les UU. EE. los en niños "Demasiados @Hillary_esp: RT … personas”—@TimKaine. de millones 16 casi a deportar quiere Trump deportación. de nación una crear quiere Trump “Donald @Hillary_esp: RT cuenta.”—@TimKaine. voto Cada la hacer puede latina voto del poder “El @Hillary_esp: RT peque… y salud educación, empleos, oportunidades: crear para plan nuestro sobre familias con directamente hablar de Honrado @Hillary_esp: RT https://t… volunteer: Then President. Vice next our as @TimKaine have to is Jordynn as ready as you're if RT @HillaryforAZ: RT Trump. Donald supporting is wing right the of fringe hateful most the reason a There's Democrats! other &amp; @HillaryClinton for vote the out get to tomorrow @HillaryforMN over taking I'm possible. as profit much as make to is goal whose companies large of projections market and whims the upon dependent be cannot care Health respected. be should dignity person's every that reminder a is underserved and poor the to devotion Teresa's Mother left. class middle a be won't there soon class, billionaire the by on stepped getting that's class middle the for up stands Congress Unless for. fought has movement our what exactly It's direction. right the in step important an is prisons private of use its end to plan DOJ's The state. the or prisoners the either for outcomes better provide not do they and safer, not are they cheaper, not are prisons Private Americans. million 150 over - percent 50 bottom the as wealth much as times 23 about owns percent one of one-tenth top The job: the for unfit he's reasons 5 are Here Commander-in-Chief. as do would Trump what hear will Americans Tonight, top. the at those help only would other The Americans. hardworking of millions help would candidate One much. so have already who people few a to goes it of all if much worth isn't growth of sake the for Growth mother."… my about thinking myself find I day, long a of end the at or backstage moments quiet the "In important: so its why on oped My reform. immigration debate finally will @realDonaldTrump &amp; @HillaryClinton Tomorrow t… in is future America's like them support to have We teachers. appreciate to enough not it's , On … care. to us on It’s lies. of lot a told he writes, @HeerJeet performance, polished a delivered Pence Though @JamilSmith: RT president for Clinton Hillary endorses Atlantic The @TheAtlantic: RT right. something doing are we scared, is industry pharmaceutical the When Fraud is Model Business Fargo’s Wells immigrants. toward feelings his about vague been never has Trump week, this speech hateful his before Even job. another Get say: I vote the suppress to laws pass who politicians To vote: to register And live: Watch Colorado. in trail the hitting Hillary’s &amp; go to days 27 them: of one you're sure Make —Hillary election.” presidential this in vote to people of numbers record expect “We Colorado in —Hillary Independents.” and Republicans for also but Democrats, for yes, president, the be to want “I Colorado in —Hillary you.” for America in place a is there And you. for enough big is Dream American the know, to girl and boy every want “I —Hillary top.” the at those just not everybody, for working economy the get to got “We’ve prices drug prescription outrageous reduce help will 61 Proposition Read: Must it. Google Just lying? is Trump Donald if know to Want more: and downgraded worth net his ✓Had Twitter on am 5 at woman a ✓Attacked debate a ✓Lost has: Trump week, one In up. them break to have we out, them bailed we when were they than larger are banks largest the when view, my In year.” a $125,000 than less making families for tuition-free universities and colleges public make to going "We’re —Hillary America.” better a for voted you say you’ll hope in did you what ask grandchildren and children your "When Hillary on —@POTUS hate.” trumps love that knows “She —@POTUS: thing.” this for fight to got We’ve granted. for election this take cannot "We —@POTUS business.” serious is This curve. a on presidency the grade don't "You Trump Donald of coverage media’s the on —@POTUS show.” reality a like this treat to suddenly afford cannot we that is line bottom "The —@POTUS: can.'" we ‘yes, about It's will.' he ‘yes, about not is "America —@POTUS president." being for disqualifying as considered be to used that day every stuff says Trump "Donald debt. in dollars of thousands of tens incurring require shouldn't learn to chance The doctor. Trump's Donald from letter this about questions some have We lied." knowingly and faithful Republican the of faces the into looked he Or perjury. committed Trump "Donald either. wouldn't she and that, like daughter my to talking anyone tolerate wouldn't I —@RepJohnLewis have." we transformation of tool nonviolent powerful most the still is vote to right "The sisters. and brothers American Native our to listen must We right. are @Interior @USACEHQ, .@TheJusticeDept, … LISTEN: @timkaine husband her abt tweets politics, re Holton Anne w speak to Thrilled @coolmompicks: RT enough. is Enough violence. gun on right is .@TownleyH president: vice next America's about know should you things other 13 records—and favorite .@TimKaine's campaign. insult-driven Trump's Donald defend can't Pence Mike Even movement. labor American the destroy Republicans right-wing and Trump Donald let to going not are We campaign. insult-driven Trump's Donald defend can't Pence Mike Even @HillaryClinton: RT here: up Sign Reno! in rally tomorrow’s at @BernieSanders and me join can you Hope @CatherineForNV: RT economy. the of collapse near the causing for jail to gone has executive Street Wall major one not that outrage an is It @FLOTUS. you, Thank dreams. her reach and education an get to country—deserves every girl—in Every doing. we’re than better do can We off. us rip to companies insurance private allows that country major only the are We vacation. a like it's Anne, with event campaign a do to get I time Every ask. to much too isn't really Trump from set One Hillary. from returns tax of years 40 almost seen have People House! the in serve to woman Iowa 1st the her make Let's @MonicaVernon! for @GrinnellCollege at crowd Good out… brothers', Koch the like money, dark dirty, get to forces join to Eager support! your for Grateful .@BernieSanders @CatherineForNV: RT Bangladesh. in products your making stop and example by lead you don't why deals, trade bad about talking just than rather .@realDonaldTrump … . being. human and songwriter singer, great a lost world, the and México, Mi @Jorge_Silva: RT want. they price whatever for drugs own their of versions generic offering corporations not prices, drug lower to competition real need We … thoughts. our in family his Keeping Seattle. in leader AAPI prominent a Santos, Bob Uncle of loss the Mourning @jastengco: RT weapons. nuclear with trust can we man a not is tweet a with bait can you man A state: your impact would each how See plans. economic out laid have candidates Both now. wrong they're and then wrong were They NAFTA. by created be would jobs many how us told TPP back now who folks same the when remember I right. absolutely was He people. vulnerable most our and poor the for care take we how is progress our of test the that said FDR treatment. health mental access can family every sure make Let's years. 30 in rate suicide highest the facing We're them: of one ask Just women. Indiana to devastating been has governorship Pence’s Mike infrastructure. nation's this rebuild to is jobs meaningful create rapidly and effectively to way best The justice. social for fight to continue we as remember to important That’s unimaginable. once was that progress much so seen has America responsibilit… take to him for time It's said. he's things horrible the of all for apology an country the owes Trump moment. quiet A … out. sit to stake at much too election—there's this about ones loved your to Talk family. a support can that pay decent and pride, dignity, provides that job a find to able be should hard work to willing American Every election. this in face we choices stark many the of One II. War World since jobs good-paying new, in investment biggest the pass to parties both with work will we one, day on Starting —Hillary us." be to it want of millions create and century 21st the of superpower energy clean the be to going is country "Some manufacturing: American support to partnerships America” in it “Make in billion $10 invest to going We’re businesses. small stiffing career whole his spent has Trump Donald retirement. secure a and benefits, good wage, good a deserve parents our and children our of care taking people The everyone: for debt-free and class middle the for tuition-free college make to fight Let’s theirs. refinance can’t families and students but debts, his ignore can Trump Donald that right not It’s living. good a make and trade, a practice skill, a learn to able be should You job. good a to path only the be shouldn’t degree four-year A learn: you while earn can you so programs apprenticeship and programs training union in invest to going We’re —Hillary companies." and workers American of advantage take to tries who else anyone and China to up stand will I president, "As world. the of rest the with compete can’t we that strength—fear not fear, on based is approach his but trade, on game big a talk may Trump compete. to afraid isn’t America room. locker the in cowering be would Biles Simone and Phelps Michael Trump, as fearful as was @TeamUSA If America: in things great make Actually again? great America make to do could Trump thing positive One rewards. the in share should everybody so success, business’ a to contributes floor, factory the to suite CEO the from employee, Every secretaries: their than rate tax lower a pay to able be not should Multi-millionaires managers. money Street Wall and millionaires, corporations, big to cuts tax in trillions give would Trump nothing. get Americans of cut. tax billion $4 a gets family his mean: would that What tax. estate the eliminate to wants Trump loophole. Trump the from year a million $15 than more of cut tax average an get would America in taxpayers richest 400 The police. and schools kids, veterans, our in invest let’s Instead, himself. like people to breaks tax in trillions give to wants Trump —@FLOTUS seriously.” job this take to going who’s someone need a in demand should we qualifications the to comes it "When —@FLOTUS campaign." presidential a of true is thing same the And are. you who reveals It are. you who change doesn’t presidency "The —@FLOTUS up.” back right gets down…she knocked gets she when see job, this do to takes it resilience the has "Hillary Hillary on —@FLOTUS president.” become to endeavored ever has who people qualified most the of one elect to opportunity an have “We —@FLOTUS: vote." doesn't who but votes, who about just aren't "Elections —@FLOTUS Obama.” Barack after Office Oval the in sits who determine will decision "Your —@FLOTUS: today.” vote to registered know you everyone and yourself get to got “You’ve —@FLOTUS: tuition.” college afford can you whether determine will 8 November on make you that choice “The —@FLOTUS not.” change—or climate fight will and science in believes who president a have we whether decide will you 8, November “On —@FLOTUS together.” stronger always we’re and story, American the of part is us of each that believes president…who a deserve "We leaders. bold of need desperate in are we when time a at leader a is .@ZephyrTeachout PM. 5 at today @KatieMcGintyPA and me Join conspiracy: "birther" the pushed he that offended be would Americans African why" "know doesn't Trump Donald you. to luck Good says: and $8,000 patient cancer a gives that system voucher a into it transform and Medicare end to want Republicans leave. maternity paid provide not does that Guinea New Papua besides country only the being about be not should exceptionalism American girls: teenage to mean would president woman a What … el tenemos esto Por somos. quienes de orgullo del parte es esto y hispanas raíces de nación una “Somos @Hillary_esp: RT Florida in —Hillary ahead.” years the in greater even become will we together, work we if and great, already are we is view "My —Hillary wall.” a building about Mexico of president the to talk to than women insult to easier lot a it "finds Trump Trump on —Hillary him.” for even unhinged, is meltdown Twitter latest "His —Hillary Universe?” Miss former a against attack Twitter a in engage to morning the in o'clock 3 at up gets "Who codes. nuclear the near anywhere be not should tweet a by provoked be can who man A —Hilla… muralla" la construir sobre México de presidente el con hablar que mujeres a insultar fácil más resulta "le Trump A @Hillary_esp: RT days. 39 trail. campaign the yes—on and office, the class, in face women struggles the to attention brought election's This poverty. in living be not should you week a hours 40 work you if that believe, to happens @HillaryClinton and believe, to happen I Trump. that economy an or everyone benefits that economy an between choice a is election This @ClintonFdn… of Because meds. anti-retroviral lifesaving got countries poor in AIDS HIV with people 200K @ClintinFdn, Before @PaulBegala: RT ideas: Some returns? tax his release to refusing @realDonaldTrump is Why violence. and bullying acceptance—not and love deserve They are. they way the perfect are kids LGBT programs. anti-poverty successful most nation’s the of one been has it law, into Security Social signed FDR since years 81 the In America in fair housing make will I and Clinton Hillary How Kaine: Tim @CNN: RT wealthy. the and Street Wall for one and class working and poor the for one – country this in system justice two-tier the end to got have We too: vote you sure Make today. early Voted @POTUS: RT degradi… comments reprehensible Trump's Donald away excuse can apology no that find I girls, precious two of grandfather the As @JebBush: RT hate. trump we - men and women straight, and gay hispanic, and black white, as - together stand we When pra… policing reform to work her on Garner, Eric of mother Carr, —Gwen voiceless." the of voice the be to going "I'm Socia… expand must We checks. monthly their in dollars extra few a than help more need veterans disabled and Seniors the at abortion on Pence Mike schooled Kaine Tim @HuffingtonPost: RT idea. radical pretty a sadly that's today Republicans to Compared scientists. to listen should we view radical the holds .@HillaryClinton it. of proud And unions. of struggle the the to thanks enjoy now we benefits the of few a just are safety workplace and Medicare Security, Social medicine. and food between choosing be not should seniors world, the of history the in country richest the In https://t.… President. Vice be to ready is @timkaine sunglasses. in taste Good immigrants. Respects people. working for Fights @JoeBiden: RT better. deserve families military and veterans Our you. help to plans big has Hillary 2002, and 1980 between born were you If … remarkable. is race, the of stage this at this, about Everything poverty. deep tackle to plan unveils HRC @rtraister: RT what. matter no families working for up stand would who one – Senate the of member fantastic a make would @DeborahRossNC that know I unacceptable. That’s bailout. a get economy the crashed who bankers while debt insurmountable with hit get hard study who Students youth. LGBT to especially important, so is why shares .@timkaine @attn: RT notes. few A Trump. for even , This theories? conspiracy and lies with woman a smear to night all up stays man of kind What "helped"? he say her—and blame to gall the has he And attacks. Trump's to up standing courageously for praise deserves Alicia president. a for dangerous is This go. let can't and out lashes he skin, thin Donald's under gets something When looks. their about opinion personal his as valuable as only are Alicia like women Donald, To Pathetic. pregnant. was she weight—when her for Kardashian Kim insulted He actor. accomplished O'Donnell—an Rosie bullies obsessively Trump women. contempt—for disregard—even this reflect policies his and years, for insults Donald's heard We've → everyone for works that economy an building about Cleveland in speaking Hillary’s live: Watch stress. financial feeling are families many Too top. the at those just not everybody, for working economy the get to got We’ve stiffed. not work, your for rewarded be to supposed you’re job, your do you If embarrassment. national a It's people. all to care health guarantee doesn’t that Earth on country major only the remains States United The why share me letting for @ELLEmagazine you Thank @Mariska: RT America. in families working all for free tuition universities and colleges public make will We peo… all to care health guarantee doesn’t that earth on country major only the be to stand States United the can How hikes: price drug prescription excessive stop to plan Our patients. before profits put never should companies Drug Senate! to @ChrisVanHollen and @HillaryClinton elect go let's Now me. having for Thanks County. Arundel Anne love I @AmericanLegion the to —Hillary lead.” must America challenge, the great how matter “No exceptional. us makes what of part is allies of network our because allies, our with standing means leadership American home. flying then hours, few a for in dropping by insults of year a for up make to trying than more takes together work to countries Getting will. we And it. defeat must we ISIS; contain can’t We them. to up stand to have we dictators; to up cozy can’t We @AmericanLegion the to —Hillary 'disaster.'" a military American the calls who opponent, my including anyone, reject completely "I Washington. to tantrums temper and name-calling more brings who president a is need we thing last The —Hillary war.” of prisoners or nation our for sacrifice ultimate the made who’ve families Star Gold disrespect ever never, will "I that: fix to plan Our need. they services health mental the getting aren’t families their and veterans many Too history.” American in president reckless most “the be would he because Trump for vote not will they said experts security national GOP 50 less. not unions, more need We low. obscenely are wages workers’ and high obscenely is inequality Wealth https:… job. another Get politics. of out get vote, to people want don't you If cowards. political are NC in Republicans @GunnelsWarren: RT https:… now: Russ with Stand granted. for anything take to afford can’t we And race. close a be would this knew always We @russfeingold: RT slogans. some has Trump Donald epidemic. heroin the stop to plan billion $10 a has Clinton Hillary @voxdotcom: RT t… told you're if evacuate and instructions emergency follow to everyone urge I storm. major a is Hurricane —Hillary love." and know I that America the is This place. a has everyone where America an is America for vision "My fo… choices fewer and prices higher mean would deal This merger. Warner/AT&amp;T Time the kill should administration The read: Must exchanges. health of out pull will we merger, our reject you If Justice: of Dept. to threat .@Aetna's like. looks government our of control corporate what is This save: you help to wants @HillaryClinton up. adds College Food 🍕 board and Room 🏡 Books 📚 Tuition 🎓 @CollegeDems: RT -H injured. were who dozens the and ones loved lost who those with are prayers My horrifying. are NJ in derailment train the from images The safe. is everyone that grateful Very unacceptable. and horrific is office @NCGOP HQ County Orange the on attack The up. stand people of millions unless it implement to able be will president no but document progressive very a is platform Democratic The gap. treatment the close to time It's untreated. are illnesses health mental experiencing adults of 60% before? hashtag that of thought not I have How win. they us, divide they If win. we Security, Social to right the for education, for wages, decent for fight we if knows class ruling The … morning! this office Moines Des our at @MartinOMalley see come to forget Don't @HillaryforIA: RT it. stop must We America. in oil dirtiest the of some transport will Pipeline Bakken The GDP. nation’s our of 60% nearly to equivalent assets have which banks biggest other the and Fargo Wells up break must We @HillaryClinton — face." we problems the of many solve can we ideas, and energy your harnessing "By @TeenVogue: RT month. a $9,900 to years 10 last the over doubled than more has drugs cancer of cost the States, United the in that, unacceptable is It eco… the to keys the wants he now And ground. the into companies his thing—driving one at good is Trump Donald Trump. than perspective policy or character a from president become to person qualified less a been hasn’t there history entire our In elections. buying billionaires with democracy vibrant a have cannot we that understands everybody Almost today: voters to calls some election—make this in difference the make could conversation One address economic big in poverty fighting on focuses Kaine @kailanikm: RT Symposium: Agenda Women's Black the at live speak Hillary Watch —Hillary health.” women’s in interested Republicans some got finally pneumonia my that is news good "The —Hillary action.” and understanding both need You laws. and hearts both change to have you progress, real drive "To Agenda Women’s Black the to —Hillary meeting." the run to chance fair a had you time past It's table. the at seat a deserve just don't "You —Hillary against.” just not for, vote to something deserve people American “The —Hillary justice.” delivers actually that system justice criminal a for fight and Movement the of Mothers the of pain the remember "We’ll balance. the in hangs grandchildren and children our of future The years. 50 next the shape will days 53 next The —Hillary president.” black first our de-legitimize to movement birther the led has he years, five For is. Donald who know "We States. United the in born was president the that words own his with say to refused again Trump yesterday, Just apology. an people American the and him owes Trump Donald simple. and plain America, in born was Obama Barack stop. won’t it don’t, we If this. to up stand to got We’ve this. accept can’t just We president. be to unfit is Trump Donald —Hillary American.” an not Mexican, a sees he and Indiana, in born judge distinguished a at looks Trump "Donald Trump on —Hillary Americans.” patriotic not Muslims, as them sees and family Star Gold a at looks "He 10. to one of scale a on rate looks their how decides and women at looks Trump Donald other.” each of afraid all us make and try to using is opponent my that rhetoric divisive the and bullying, the cynicism, the reject “Let’s hate. trumps love where future a build Let’s there! you see to Hope @texasdemocrats. and @HillaryClinton for campaign to Saturday coming I'm friends: Texas women young to —Hillary you." for easier little a things make to can I whatever do I’ll opportunity, the have I “If agree. you if this RT … must we why reason Another ISDS. called system super-court secretive 's on piece @HuffingtonPost New @CWAUnion: RT agree. you if this RT @HillaryClinton: RT —@KingJames: Clinton." Hillary for vote and polls, the to up show vote, to register "Let's it? in what's know Trump Does Constitution." the defend and protect, "preserve, to oath an takes president The high. too are America in wages said and stage debate a on stood actually Trump Donald Detroit in —Hillary families.” working for tuition-free State Wayne like colleges public make to going "We’re wrong: them Prove feel. to you wants side other the what that’s but politics, about cynical get to easy It’s share. fair his paid even hasn't he taxpayers—and of backs the on businesses squandered numerous built Trump Donald Congress in him need We equality. womens &amp; families, working vets, for champion a is .@jimmowrer protesters. of thousands of hundreds of front in speech Dream" a Have "I famous his delivered King Luther Martin today, ago years 53 over. from far is work Our vision. that of sight lose never must We America. in racism and injustice oppression, against together stood They he… because just that threaten can't Trump power. of transfer peaceful and elections fair on built is democracy Our tweets:… he time every donate to pledging are supporters Hillary cost—because a at come tweets his Trump Show … @Alli_Wilber. @HillaryClinton, for voting early for you Thank . make to like feels it what is This @NickMarroletti: RT … location: polling closest your Find NC. in Hillary for early vote and history Make day! the is Today @HillaryforNC: RT … RSVP! to link the Click Montpelier! in TOMORROW ticket Dem VT the and @SueMinterVT, @BernieSanders, Join @VTdems: RT job. another get to needs and coward political a is vote the suppress to laws passes who politician Any @POTUS. be to prepared more been ever has Nobody @HillaryClinton! for sweep debate 3 for 3 Outstanding @POTUS: RT abortion. on debate the won Kaine Tim clear: is thing One @LEBassett: RT —@NYTimes year." a than more for trail the on seen have we Trump Donald the ignored simply Pence "Mr. res… Hillary’s needs. energy our meeting about question great a asked Bone Ken dressed impeccably the debate, the At vote: to registered you're sure make Then that believe you if RT Seattle. in night last killed those of ones loved and families the with are thoughts My there! you see to Hope Democrats. and @HillaryClinton for campaign to week this coming I'm friends: IA &amp; MI, OH, IN, it. about @HillaryClinton asked I speech. incredible Obama’s Michelle @FLOTUS watched I @TheEllenShow: RT Stanton Cady Elizabeth - equality.” to upward struggle long one but is past the of history “The women. strong support and up step to need men Strong can. we where together come we important it’s ground, common find to hard it's When goal. bipartisan a been always has service National nation… on —Hillary them.” of one is this and heart, my to close really are that issues on focusing campaign the end to trying “I’m @HFA: RT down. other each tears or up other each lifts that country a we’re whether about is election This —Hillary down?" other each tear we do or up other each lift we Do left. days "39 @HillaryforFL: RT @OHDems! go Let's @Ted_Strickland. @HillaryClinton, for campaigning today State Buckeye beautiful the in Here → now RSVP Kalamazoo! to coming is @MartinOMalley Governor TOMORROW: @HillaryforMI: RT it: stop can we how about question a Hillary asked violence gun to son a lost who mother A tuition-free. college public a to go to able be you'll less, or $125,000 earns family your if plan, Hillary’s Under minutes): 30 than less (in Commander-in-Chief be to ready not he’s proved Trump Donald ways 7 it. raise to have we and wage starvation a is wage minimum current The reality. ignore to continue cannot Congress Congress? to us sent who people the to it—listening overdo to have don’t occasionally—we we if What colleagues. my for idea radical a have I fraud. his into investigation an prevent to general attorney Florida's off paid allegedly foundation Trump's Donald discrimination. and racism of forms all end to together stand to have we anything, for stand we If https:/… Street. Wall de el no negocios, pequeños nuestros de éxito el por mide se economía Nuestra @Hillary_esp: RT entrepreneurs→ local with speaking is @TimKaine LIVE: @HillaryforCO: RT adelante. salgan latinos de negocios pequeños los que a ayudar para plan nuevo un Lanzamos vote:… to plan a Make ballot. the on is Democracy ballot. the on is Tolerance ballot. the on is progress Our —@POTUS: doors.” some on knock Go off? send good a me give wanna "You → live Watch Arizona. in Hillary for trail the hits @FLOTUS campaign, this in left days 19 just With —@FLOTUS president." be to wants who man a alone let man, any from behavior this tolerate shouldn't we and women, demean not do men "Decent Trump on —@FLOTUS hope." in lacking utterly and completely is country our for vision whose candidate a have we race, this "In -H you! of proud so all We’re Aly. and Simone silver, and gold the home bringing on Congrats bridges? 8,000 fix to money that use could we when cut tax billion $4 a family Trump's give we would Why income. their of regardless that do can education higher pursue to want who people all which in nation a create can We @ColinVanOstern @Maggie_Hassan @HillaryforNH @HillaryClinton for today state your in back I'm friends: NH we… if is families working help can we way only The people. to listen to time the taking in power there's believe We executives. Street Wall of recklessness the for hook the on be again never should Taxpayers https://… país. este a hecho han latinos y hispanos los que contribuciones tantas las honremos , Este @Hillary_esp: RT in." believe we believes, he what of lot "A Trump? support members Klan Klux Ku many so do Why photos: in @POTUS, and Hillary friends. to colleagues to rivals From harmonica! on @timkaine with Jamming @JonBatiste: RT problems. our fix can alone person one thinking by progress made never has America staggering. it’s ignorant so is This @HillaryClinton: RT election. this in candidate superior the away, and far is, @HillaryClinton that question no is There them. take will work hard and dreams their as far as go can kids many how be should success for metric Our jobs. create and wages raise inequality, reduce will agenda economic @HillaryClinton's agree: economists Progressive world. the around lives saving is @ClintonFdn The Freedom. and Jobs for Washington on Marched we today, ago years 53 @repjohnlewis: RT society. of form oligarchic an to closer and closer moving is country this that day every worry I grandfather and father a As politics. of out get should you ideas, your on stand can’t you If vote: the suppress to trying governors Republican cowardly to say I and… dreams their as high as rise kid—can every but own, her just kid—not every so president for running is Hillary you see to Hope Democrats! and @HillaryforNH @HillaryClinton for campaigning today back I'm friends! Hampshire New … here! RSVP tomorrow? office Conway our by stops he when @MartinOMalley see to Want @HillaryforNH: RT … us: join to here RSVP Thursday! on bank phone PSU our by stop @MartinOMalley have to wait can't We @HillaryforNH: RT htt… Madison! in today us with trail campaign the on him have to honor an such was it and , on is .@BernieSanders @russfeingold: RT https… —@BernieSanders: down." Hands candidate. superior the is Clinton Hillary issue, every "On @HillaryClinton: RT Michigan in chapter UAW a at LIVE .@BernieSanders @TheYoungTurks: RT goo… in are @PADems @HillaryforPA @HillaryClinton Pittsburgh! in here volunteers &amp; organizers of group looking Great ours:… Here's country. this for vision in difference a about talking fundamentally we're election, this In us. uniting than us dividing in interested more he's that clear it makes plan immigration Trump's Donald MH - support" his by honored truly I'm and families, hard-working for champion incredible an is "@BernieSanders @Maggie_Hassan: RT companies! fuel fossil biggest the of greed the defeat can we together, stand people When … interests security national upend could ties foreign Trump's story: cover latest Our @Newsweek: RT night. last sweep podium historic their on @KristiHollywood and @ItsPooda, @Bri_Rollin, @usatf's to Congrats mom her on —Hillary alone." life through gets one No powerful: but simple was me to on passed she lesson "The health. and mind your on takes survival for fighting toll the including like, is poverty what understand money have who people sure not I'm retirement. secure a for lives entire their worked have who people those protect and Security Social expand to obligated feel should We —@NYTimes… them?" for want we example the this Is children. our of generations for models role are presidents "Our l… the reading up choked Kaine atrophy. muscular spinal has He FL. in today Phillips Mike volunteer campaign met .@timkaine @betsy_klein: RT –Joe hands. good in is office VP's The backs. Americans' hardworking have Hillary and @TimKaine clear: thing's One @JoeBiden: RT tonight. back his got you've know @TimKaine let to RT Ready. @timkaine: RT Mike. words, kind the for Thanks –Joe hands. good in is office VP's The backs. Americans' hardworking have Hillary and @TimKaine clear: thing's One @JoeBiden: RT Ready. —Tim Clinton.” woman—Hillary history-making strong running be to proud so am “I → Ferns Two Between on appearance Hillary's from moments favorite Our president. for @HillaryClinton endorse to proud is Voice Every @EveryVoice: RT live: Watch Philly. in Hillary for trail the on out back is @POTUS Day, Election until days 56 just With Hillary on —@POTUS place.” my take to nominated have we leader the of prouder be not could "I —@POTUS Clinton." Hillary elect to fall this can I as hard as work to going am I campaign, last my run have I though "Even —@POTUS 1968.” since poverty in drop one-year largest the That's poverty. of out people million lifted "We —@POTUS time.” long a for country this of direction the determine will today, from weeks 8 just make, we that make, you that choice "The —@POTUS here.” motions the through going just me not is This Clinton. Hillary electing into really am I say, just I "Can Hillary: on —@POTUS ceilings." glass through blast and barriers down break to plans real got who's leader “A —@POTUS president." our as serve to Clinton Hillary than qualified more woman or man a been never has there believe "I —@POTUS: vote!” boo, Don’t Trump. Donald guy, other the there’s “Then —@POTUS: Clinton." Hillary for voting be should you better wages, higher want you "If … challenges. health mental facing students college-aged 4 in 1 the for resources community better need We @timkaine: RT ours… for want we future of kind the build to can we whatever doing in deep dig to Americans as obligation our is It me. to incomprehensible just That’s 303:1. was it 2014, In 20:1. was pay worker average to pay CEO of ratio 1965, In Trump. endorsing still is Ryan themselves? of think they will what president, their as Trump Donald have country this of women young the If vets. our insult Trump hears he when means it what on POW, and veteran WWII Sollender, Joel … pole totem remarkable a bearing camp, protest pipeline Rock Standing at arrive tribes state WA 8 @billmckibben: RT Breaks Tax More Even Get Will Estate Real Way, His Gets Trump If @ZephyrTeachout: RT … member." family sick a for care can parents so leave paid for and women, for pay equal for work “I’ll @russfeingold: RT wrong. and racist absurd, is That problems. our all for people undocumented blame not us let but issues, about disagreements have can We Americans. of millions for reach of out is program childcare quality a of cost the that unacceptable is It share. fair their pay should everyone So military. our and roads, schools, tax-funded our from benefit all We fu… planet's our than less matter profits their that companies fuel fossil tell must we not, or it like they Whether @HardballChris -- out." shut a was It time. big won "Hillary @hardball: RT president. one only but -- candidates two from heard we Tonight, @ChadHGriffin: RT do: to needed she what did Clinton Hillary @TheAtlantic: RT Machado. Alicia is name Her Housekeeping." "Miss and Piggy" "Miss her called Trump Donald … face! to face me, VS. @TimKaine - debate presidential VICE first the debate, presidential first tonight’s Following @jimmykimmel: RT face. we challenges the meet to temperament right the have to needs president next Our plan: our Here's services. health mental to commitment our up step to needs country Our Trump: Donald not it's sure make Help Office. Oval the into walk will president next our today, from months Four moment: special pretty a was It week. this trail the on me joined Al dad My Trump. Donald than better is America proud.… them make Let's Tuesday. on make we choice the at back look will grandchildren and children Our Amazing. 2012. from doubled approximately -- early ballots cast have voters Latino million 1 over FL, In @XochitlHinojosa: RT it. see to needs who someone know you if this Share states battleground 12 in million 20 nearly with nationwide, cast been have votes million 43 over today, of As News: NBC @JesseRodriguez: RT —Hillary together." history make let's Tomorrow, vote. your for asking I'm "Today, Day. Election of eve the on Pittsburgh in campaigns she as Hillary Join day! the Tomorrow’s b… inclusive, hopeful, a for vote can you Tomorrow, America. for vision divisive and dark a accept to have don’t "We —Hillary us.” of ahead still are days best America’s believe “I vote. to have you then thrives, class middle the when thrives America that believe you If then… in, live they code ZIP what matter no teachers, good and schools good have should kids our all believe you If potential. God-given their to up live American, every and kids, our all help to can we everything together—doing mission our be to has This —Hillary beginning." the just is that but election, the is "Tomorrow hate.… trumps love that prove let’s Together, walls. not bridges, build we where America an for Vote in… be will country this president, is she when that confident absolutely am I because Clinton Hillary for voted "I daughter." her be to proud ridiculously fiercely, am "I @HillaryClinton: on Clinton Chelsea @politico: RT —@POTUS can.'" we 'Yes, said, I can.' I 'Yes, say, didn’t I you. of all you—you, on depends "America to… important "too is election this because today Hillary for in doors knocking out was Elizabeth old year 89 @clionamccarney: RT this:… of part Be turnout. record showing already are election—and this on impact powerful a have will voters Latino —@Beyonce… history." making of brink the on being to voice no having from come we've far how "Look campaign: the of rallies last her of one for Michigan, Rapids, Grand in Hillary Join co… our in unity and division between basically is election be not could election this in choice “The —Hillary… vote?” to friends your get help to ready you Are Michigan? tomorrow, vote to ready you "Are —Hillary… together!” them for reach we if us of ahead still are days best America’s that believe really "I —Hillary country.” great this to contribute to something has us of one single "Every —Hillary year.” the of end the at poverty in be still shouldn’t you full-time, work you and hard, work you "If —Hillary year.” a $125,000 than less makes who anyone for tuition-free be should universities and colleges "Public —Hillary everyone.” but me, support who people just Not Independents. Republicans, Democrats, Americans: all for president a be to want "I … country." our in unity and division between basically is election "This Clinton: Hillary @CNN: RT Trump on —@POTUS codes?” nuclear the with you trust we can how tweet, to you trust don’t advisors closest your "If how: Here's Trump. stop can Women Kha… Mr. watched class his school—until at bullied was who boy 10-year-old a of story the told Khan Khizr Yesterday, voting.… you're if this RT in. believe we America the for up stand to chance the have we Tomorrow, tonight force full in out is Philly @JoshSchwerin: RT —@POTUS country." the across kids for and daughters our for want I and Michelle model role the is "Hillary Philly. in live @ChelseaClinton and @BillClinton, @FLOTUS, @POTUS, Hillary, Join one: this miss to want don’t You —@BillClinton together.’” stronger ‘We’re said, she happened, what matter no … with her hit they what matter no along, came what matter “No Hillary… friend, president—our our be to qualified singularly is who someone elect to chance the have we “Tomorrow, —@FLOTUS quits.” never She up. gives never she because side our on want we person the is Hillary tough, gets going the “When Hillary on —@FLOTUS trust.” can all we that leader a to over handed is country this that ensure to duty a have “We —@FLOTUS win.” will Clinton Hillary tomorrow, vote and out get we If hands. our in is it us; on is election “This —@FLOTUS afraid.” us make and us divide to seek who those to up stand can you vote, your with “Tomorrow, —@FLOTUS earth.” on nation greatest the is it that great, been always has country this that say can you vote, your with "Tomorrow, —@POTUS go?” to ready you Are up? fired you Are Philadelphia! “Hello —@POTUS job.” the finish will who progress, our on build will who president 45th a elect to chance a have "We —@POTUS serious.” more be not could and clear more be not could booth voting that into step you when face you choice " Trump on —@POTUS codes?” nuclear the with him trust us of any would why tweet, to him trust don’t advisors closest his "If —@POTUS for.” vote to extraordinary somebody have you someone, against vote to have just don’t “You —@POTUS vote!” boo, “Don’t progress" our on build will who president 45th a elect to chance the have now "We Obama: President @CNN: RT —@POTUS stake.” at is future your because vote to out turn people young that betting "I’m —@POTUS hope.” choose you'll and fear, reject will you tomorrow, that betting am "I Philly in —Hillary together.” them for reach we if us, of ahead still are days best our that heart my all with believe "I —Hillary it.” expanding keep to want We country. this of vision the shrink to want don’t "We —Hillary for?” vote we will What time. our of test the face we "Tomorrow, —Hillary made.” we’ve that progress the up rip anybody let to going not am "I —Hillary out.” people turn to helping calls, phone making and doors on knocking help, your need “We —Hillary history!” make “Let’s them?… join to Ready voted. already have Millions year. this vote to eligible are Latinos million 27 … volunteers! @HFA you, to up is history Tomorrow, country. the across records vote early broken We've @RobbyMook: RT vote." to need our in place no have bigotry and sexism and racism that believe you "If together. Stronger Carolina: North Raleigh, in campaign the of rally last her for Hillary Join 8. Nov. Tuesday, officially it's and , Raleigh, in campaign Clinton Hillary the of rally Final @rubycramer: RT —@ChelseaClinton hours.” few a in mom my for vote to get finally I that excited so am "I win!” will she that believe I win! will she that believe “I —Hillary America.” for vision big-hearted inclusive, hopeful, a for vote can “You —Hillary want.” we country of kind the ballot—it’s the on name Trump’s Donald or name my just not "It’s —Hillary vote!" to have you then change, climate on act to have we that and science in believe you "If —Hillary vote!” to got ’ve our into discrimination write never should we believe you "If hate. trumps love that prove and out go Let’s walls. not bridges, build we America, In vote!… go this—and RT difference. the make can you Today, count. doesn't that vote a as thing such no There's here:… go to where Confirm today? vote you will When open. officially are polls and Day Election It’s today: Vote still. stand Don't vote: you where confirm and them Hillary—join for votes their cast have Americans of Millions Day! Election It's @HillaryClinto… candidate qualified exceptionally an there's Fortunately, president. of office the for unfit is Trump Donald @johnlegend: RT more. once justice toward history of arc the bend us Let @TheDemocrats: RT today. history some make go Let’s bein… to used get to need I like Looks it. to me beat Turpin Minerva 99-year-old but place, polling my at first be to wanted I @timkaine: RT event an at you see to Hope @HillaryforME. @HillaryClinton for campaigning today state your in I'm Maine: in Friends strong! looking is @HillaryforME victory. game Ground = time call on Volunteers + phones Burner 🍰👏 today! me for cake a baked Maine Raymond, of people kind The Maine… across all @emilyanncain @HillaryforME @HillaryClinton for campaigning eve Day Election Spent justice. environmental and economic social, for up stand and vote rights: democratic their exercising by world the change can people Young @SueMinterVT… need we why explains @BernieSanders families, class middle for up standing &amp; education change, climate the On @SueMinterVT: RT not. does clearly Trump Donald that. understands @HillaryClinton that. of proud be should we and strong us makes Diversity —Hillary beginning." the just is that but election, the is "Tomorrow @HillaryClinton: RT drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the paying of tired and sick are people American The share. fair their paying start Street Wall and America corporate friends, billionaire his and Trump Donald that demand to going We’re non-competiti… manufacturing make to order in Chinese the for and by created was warming global of concept "The … for vote to who sure aren't still who progressives young for message important an has .@BernieSanders @nowthisnews: RT Governor: for @SueMinterVT Editorial: @VNewsUV: RT profits. huge makes industry drug the while need they medicine the afford to able being not of tired are people American The … them: share please , in voting you're If opponent. my and me between differences real are There @ZephyrTeachout: RT up. us divide to campaign, his of cornerstone the bigotry made has who Trump, Donald allow cannot we hoax. a it's thinks Trump Donald change. climate combat will Clinton Hillary stake. at is planet the of future the share. fair their pay to going are they that corporations huge and class billionaire the Trump, Donald tell to time it's religion. or race by us divide will who someone not together, nation our bring will who president a need we billionaires. from democracy our back take and United Citizens overturn will who justices nominate will Clinton Hillary https:/… them from learn can we what Here's Burlingtonians. of awesomeness the on agree to seem people America, across All @lucia_graves: RT all. for right a remains voting that ensure to time It’s vote. the suppressing by themselves protecting politicians cowardly with Enough elections. buy to able be not should class billionaire the and companies drug the democracy a In vote. to opportunity and time the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election country.… our of charge in one put we time It's communities. our of hearts the been always have women Strong Hillary. for vote you'll where confirm to to Go vote? to plan your What's day! big the Tomorrow's trail! the on day last the for up Fueling https… diferencia"—@TimKaine la hacer a va histórica, bien manera una en nación, esta en latino voto del poder el que "Creo @Hillary_esp: RT history:… some make and thing this win Let's chapter. next the for wait can’t I full. is heart my Tonight, Hillary: for vote your cast you'll where Confirm open! are polls and Day, Election It's us… get to need I like Looks it. to me beat Turpin Minerva 99-year-old but place, polling my at first be to wanted I changed. be must and trend egregious an That’s education. on spending our than faster rising is incarceration on spending Our violence. from safe are community every in women until done isn't work Our Act. Women Against Violence the of years 22 mark to Proud Report Bureau Census on Statement Sanders NEWS: people. American Native the with relationship new a develop to be must goal Our president. fired” “you’re a afford can't We term. first his in jobs million nearly lose we'd plan, Trump's Under Am… your in place a have son my Would Trump: Mr. ask to want "I hero: American Muslim fallen a of father Khan, Khizr president for candidate best the easily is @HillaryClinton | EDITORIAL @PhillyInquirer: RT community. the about said he thing insulting most the even not It's Wednesday. on hombres" "bad Latinos called Trump night? last comedy of kind this was Where : the at lines best Hillary's on up Catch here." be to schedule nap rigorous my from break a took "I do… him like someone think to seems Trump unit. entire his saving country—and his serving died Khan Humayun Captain 461%. price the up jacked Mylan EpiPens. at Look it. do just they So prices. tripling or doubling from companies drug prevent laws No … --&gt; here Details @5 open Doors TONIGHT! Montpelier in be will @SueMinterVT &amp; @BernieSanders - forget Don't @VTdems: RT zero. be should number that me, ask you If tax. income federal in pay companies their what than salaries higher receive CEOs American 29 year. last profits in billion $50 made companies drug largest 5 the Meanwhile, prescriptions. their afford cannot 19-64 age Americans 5 of 1 touch. we lives the but build, we what be won't earth this on monument greatest Our h… intelligence. election US of charge in aide Kremlin the with meeting for probed being is advisor Russia top Trump's @TheBriefing2016: RT Russia? and Trump Donald with deal the is What true! not still This @TheBriefing2016: RT Iraq.” of invasion the supported Trump Donald volume. the up turning are fact-checkers the hope "I Trump. Donald is He check: Fact Clinton. Hillary than temperament better has he says Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT th… of President be to seeking anyone for disqualifying is lightly war nuclear Taking saying: without go should This codes. nuclear the near anywhere hands his have not should tweet a by provoked be can who man A too. president your is Obama Barack .@realDonaldTrump: troubling.” deeply so is weapons nuclear about attitude "cavalier Trump's Donald —Hillary stamina." about me to talk can he committee, congressional a of front in testifying hours 11 spends Trump Donald "When Alicia. name: a has Piggy” “Miss called Trump woman The reason a for videos recruitment their in @realDonaldTrump uses ISIS Remember: @realDonaldTrump. not that's sure make Let's weapons. nuclear 7,300 approximately of control have will President next Our pariah.” “international an and disgrace” national “a as Trump to referred Powell Colin General four-star generals, of Speaking him. covers that media of view the That's view. my not That's time. the all lies he that is Trump Donald with discussions of difficulty The running. was he announced he since abortion to guns to immigration on positions switched has Trump times 117 least at documented has NBC that? about say to anything have Trump Does future. their impacting debt, in deeply school leaving are people young of Millions president. be should who someone isn't This change. climate denies &amp; wage min. the raise won't billionaires, for breaks tax more wants Trump discrimination. housing for Trump Donald sued Department Justice The fact: a It’s lies. more No it! Googled just I Donald, policy. foreign successful makes what knows @HillaryClinton nations: other with working coalition-building, Diplomacy, concern. for cause they're are Russia and Trump between connections The @TheBriefing2016: RT bribery. legalized to amounts that system finance campaign a today have We ourselves. kid not Let's tw… or thing a learn all could We dreams. and hopes, optimism, their with going me keep trail the on meet I kids The Dakota N. of out keep to fight must we effects fracking's of one just are Oklahoma in those like Earthquakes economics. bad but immoral, only not is it because opposed be must poor the and sick the elderly, the of backs the on budget the Balancing más”—Hillary. mucho hacer debemos DACA, y DAPA a defender de “Además @Hillary_esp: RT Sanders. Bernie and Seth with conversation political intelligent some for late up Stay @shoemakermike: RT resilience. of symbol a it's Today, girls. little 4 killed and church this bombed Klan the since years 53 been It's disability. sees only Anastasia—he like people see doesn't Trump Donald fraud): his into investigations stop to it used Donald how (and Foundation Trump the about have we questions 7 . the at remarks full Hillary's Watch Obama: —Barack vote.” Go send-off? good a me give to want "You achieved: they've all to threat a is Trump Dream. American the for country this to came parents Qumber's … —@Astrid_NV. nuestras" las como familias y DREAMERS los a protegerá Clinton Hillary solo presidenta, "Como @Hillary_esp: RT Betsy. friend, lifelong Hillary's Meet sent. were they that time the is tweets sexist his with problem the thinks Trump Donald that telling pretty It's it. get doesn’t really Trump sexism. tolerate longer no can we 2016, year the In —@VogueMagazine President." Madam hope: us give words “Two top. the at him like people And Trump. mostly plan tax Trump’s Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT it. requires Obama President against smear his but it, cause should Trump Donald as frequently as outrage muster to difficult be can It ISIS. of founder the not is Obama Barack No, Commander-in-Chief. our as serve to allowed be never should often so low, so sink to willing Anyone right. priorities our get to have We graduates. college other than week per less $300 paid are teachers when wrong very is Something decisions. death and life make to judgment and strength, steadiness, the have to needs Commander-in-Chief next Our families. their and military, the of members veterans, for fighting decades spent has Hillary —Hillary privatized." be VA the let not will "I mental. or physical need—whether veterans our care health the to barriers remove to can we everything do to need We secret. a not is ISIS defeat to plan Hillary's opponent, her Unlike @TheBriefing2016: RT give. can we services health mental best the deserve veterans Our seen. be can wound every Not why. see to @TheBriefing2016 Follow otherwise. say facts The Commander-in-Chief. be to ready he's claim and try to going is Trump Tonight, Iraq invading supported he said Trump Donald 2002, In @BuzzFeed: RT War. Iraq the against was he saying with away get Trump Donald let Don't — this RT @TheDemocrats: RT long. so for seen we've that activity fraudulent of kind the America, of Bank or Fargo Wells Bank, Deutsche it’s whether tolerate, cannot We American." Muslim a was he And old. years 27 was He Khan. Humayun Captain was son "My Minter.… Sue supporting in me join Please facing. are we issues the at look hard a take to going is who governor a need We @SueMinterVT: RT vote: to Register country. this of people working the for disaster absolute an be would presidency Trump Donald A col… make will who candidate one only There's have. they debt student much how ask vote, won't they say friends your When @BernieSanders: RT infrastructure. crumbling of because water the in lead by poisoned been have children yet world, the in country wealthiest the is This know: to need you things few a years, for it doing been you've or voter first-time a you’re Whether business." your of none "It's Now? office. for ran he if returns tax his release to promised Trump Donald Hillary on @MercersDairy, of co-owner —Roxie, girl." our She's future. the for hope us gives "She disabilities. with people for opportunity expand to do to need we more lot a There's Americans. of millions attacking they're Parenthood, Planned attack Pence and Trump When @NYTOpinion via amnesia galling Pence’s Mike Bruni: Frank @nytimes: RT here: Listen podcast. campaign official the Her, With of episode second the in @TimKaine with beer a Have go. to way long long, a have still we justice racial to comes it when but progress, of lot a made have may We vote:… to out turn and register friends your and you sure Make night. last Columbus in out turned strong 18,000 @nytopinion via poor America's helping for plan My Clinton: Hillary @nytimes: RT corporations. big not them, with stand to Congress for time It's loophole. haven tax offshore the eliminate to want Americans of Two-thirds trade." "free not is That hour. an cents 65 paid are who Vietnam in people with compete to workers American force would TPP The plane: campaign official the on Hillary with free for fly to chance once-in-a-lifetime your for now Enter th… what finish Let's nation. equal more a to closer us moving box, ballot the to barriers down broke women ago, years 100 Nearly @POTUS: RT … @HillaryClinton and @AngieCraigMN @Terri_Bonoff about talk @MartinOMalley hear to now @wccoradio to in Tune @MinnesotaDFL: RT —M better. it said have Couldn't @HillaryforMN: RT —M . the to back be I'll bet You @HillaryforMN: RT stigma. to up standing in courage your from learn all can We @Simone_Biles. you, of Proud Hillary on —@POTUS collected.” and cool and calm is she crisis, of middle the in "Even Hillary on —@POTUS president.” great a be can she know I why that's And quits. ever ever, never, she and done, job the gets "She —@POTUS vote.” to friends your get and Vote, good. any do doesn't Booing vote! boo, "Don't Hillary on —@POTUS Commander-in-Chief.” next the be to hand steady the knowledge, the temperament, the got "She's Trump on Rubio Marco quoting —@POTUS people.” working to it sticking career a spent has who artist con dangerous “A GOP the to —@POTUS Putin?" with bromance a having nominee your with OK "You're —@POTUS vote.” to out turn don’t we if one: just election, this lose we way one only ’s to "Go —@POTUS democracy." our undermines that elections—then our of legitimacy the about minds people's in doubt of seeds the sow to try you "When —@POTUS think.” to you wants opponent Hillary's what matter…that’s doesn’t vote your that cynicism easy the for fall "Don’t —@POTUS blame.” and grievance, and anger, but offer to anything have doesn’t Trump "Donald vote: Go —@POTUS ballot.” the on is Tolerance ballot. the on is Civility ballot. the on is "Progress you? of thinks Trump Donald mean this does what taxes, your pay you If @TheBriefing2016: RT China. and Mexico Bangladesh, in made is line clothing own his but jobs American outsourcing and policies trade our about lot a talks Trump millions? harmed behavior illegal whose execs Street Wall to happens nothing but marijuana possessing for jailed are kids that it is Why criminals." and 'rapists' as Mexicans painted has Trump Donald campaign, his of days first the "From taxes. *any* paying isn't Trump Donald that chance non-zero a is There fact: incredible pretty a Here's system. energy our transform to funds with up come to hard be not would it banks, respects it as much as planet our respected Congress If it: fight to can we all do to need We society. a as are we who of heart the to right cuts discrimination Housing else. everyone on impact an has everyone is about is life human what believe I but vulnerable, the on backs our turn to easy seem can It said: have Pence Mike and Trump Donald things divisive and incoherent, hateful, the of sample a Just law. of rule and democracy our threatens also environment—it the and workers our to threat a only not is TPP The profit? in billion $50 made companies drug 5 just year last when drugs prescription for prices highest the pay to continue Americans do Why safety. kids' their about worry to parents black for like it’s what understand and empathize to need people White https://t.… @realDonaldTrump educates PTSD with struggled who soldier A — real" very are they And nightmares. have still "I @NYDailyNews: RT … here: RSVP TOMORROW! Madison in event exciting an for @BernieSanders and Russ Join @russfeingold: RT get… to people working for OK it's maybe subsidies, taxpayer in billions receive can Walmart of family Walton the If q tonight's attend to couple lesbian invites Kaine Tim @NBCOUT: RT health. physical with par on health mental for care to access put finally to time It's record. criminal a get you country, this in marijuana smoke you if But Zero. jail? to go to going are Fargo Wells at people many How 1979. models. those of one is ownership employee that believe strongly I class. middle the help that models economic expand to need We employees. for conditions working improve and country the throughout companies stronger create can we businesses worker-owned expanding By absurd. completely is teachers off laying are we that idea The years. two last the over Mexico about sent has Trump Donald tweet every literally of list beautiful big, A today: vote to Register him. stop can You Commander-in-Chief. be to unfit totally and unqualified is Trump Donald de… while leader Russian thuggish a on praise heap president for nominee Republican a saw just I believe can't really I @morningmoneyben: RT https… Putin. to unfavorably @POTUS comparing as serve to fit be he'd prove to tried Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT assau… sexual for combat in women Blame 3. Putin Praise 2. generals our Attack 1. tonight: trifecta unpresidential Trump's @brianefallon: RT $ businesses save ✓ access funding improve ✓ paperwork cut ✓ plan: business small Hillary's taxpayers. hardworking protect and banks big the up break to time – bailouts more No gamble. big a are banks Big @TulsiGabbard: RT accountable. him hold to need We normal. become office” for unfitness “manifest Trump’s let can’t We rights sovereign respect &amp; voices American Native consider Must environment. &amp; equity for forward step Great citizens. class third as them treating stop and voices, American Native to listening start must government The fuels. fossil from away move must we habitable that's planet a children our leave to going we're If Earth. one have only We his! release to Trump Donald for time it’s agree you if RT returns. tax of years 9 released I’ve @tedcruz: RT servant." public knowledgeable deeply and thoughtful “experienced, an with ticket the on be to Proud HIV/AIDS. treat to medicine affordable more get people of millions Helping to? up been @ClintonFdn the has what So won. they and vote, to right the for fought women today, ago years 96 shake. fair a for fighting and up standing people of Millions about. all are revolutions political what is milestone That rights. women’s for fight the continue and progress, our upon build always must We over. from far is struggle the But too. that, for fight will everywhere men hope I and workers, women for equity pay demanding be should goals the of One answer. to needs still Trump questions 35 are Here families middle-class of millions on taxes raise would Trump Donald Study: @oneVoxdotcom: RT @StephenCurry30. team, this on you have to Proud feel… don’t I so also harder working I’m "Me, Ohio. in says Trump ago, years 18 than wages real less making are People @JenniferJJacobs: RT citizens. regular of expense the CEOs—at corporate benefit to CEOs corporate by written been have deals trade Our minorit… affect disproportionately that policies correcting to move bold a is prisons private of use ending .@TheJusticeDept @Tim_Canova: RT entirely: prisons for-profit of existence the end must we Why https://… @betsy_klein via cyberattack Russian a to up stand to willingness Trump's questions Kaine @CNNPolitics: RT Donald? again, it try we would why So economy. our help doesn't breaks tax huge millionaires giving that know We to? “close” are you oligarchs Russian the of all with relationships business and personal your of nature the disclose you Will 8. business? done you've whom with billionaires Russian the with relations discussed campaign your or you Have 9. Moscow? in pageant Universe Miss your to pass VIP a get Tower Trump of out organization criminal a ran who boss mob Russian the did How 10. profits? your above the puts that policy foreign conduct you can how developers, Indian politically-connected to ties business With 11. risk? at profits and interests your put would it if necessary, if nation any on tough be to willing be you'd sure be we can How 12. ego? own your preserve to allies crucial with relationships damage impulsively (again) won't you know we can How 13. abroad? parties other or officials foreign bribed you Have home. at here pay-to-play in extensively engaged you know We 14. governments? or partners, business foreign from payments to tied contractually currently family your and you are extent what To 15. working? you are whom with and Where implications. security national with countries in including deals, foreign ~120 mentioned You've 16. met? they whom with and campaign, the during undertaken they've deals business and trips foreign the of all disclose children your Will 17. one: this ask @kurteichenwald let We'll 18. latter? the pick won't he account, bank own his and security America's between choose to forced if that guarantee Trump will how sum, In 19. president? as change that would Why all. above wallet own his for out looking unscrupulously life his spent Trump's clear: pretty It's 20. policies? trade our from benefit should Who … values. American of test screening immigration new his fail would himself Trump bet I @igorvolsky: RT kids. their feed they how change to forced aren’t moms so leave family paid pass must We to. want they before breastfeeding stop moms of 60% incarceration. and jails not education, and jobs more need We pastor: black A out. lashes he family: Muslim A "disgrace." a him calls judge: Latino a by criticized gets Trump hoax. a is change climate that believe to continue who people elect to afford cannot planet this and country This United. Citizens overturn not do we if democracy our and campaigns our on have can interests corporate impact the to end no be will There trabaj… el y familia la fe, la tanto valora que comunidad una honrando Hispana Herencia la de Mes el celebrar de "Orgulloso @Hillary_esp: RT bigotry campaign his of cornerstone the named he's that is un-American and dangerous particularly is campaign Trump's that reason The Day. Election on home stay to afford can one no why show that maps Two https:… contraception: emergency to access on attacks political fought @HillaryClinton senator, York's New was she when Back @emilyslist: RT generation." our of charities humanitarian great the of "one @ClintonFdn the called Watch Charity them. stop must We nation. this of fabric the destroying slowly is America corporate and Street Wall of greed obscene The move. PR a It's discount. a isn't This 2007. in did they than more times 3 cost still will EpiPens generic $300 At change. demand to up stood people of millions then But now. by impossible be would equality marriage thought we ago, years Ten true. came dream that Yesterday gold. of dreamed @Helen_Maroulis 2004, in wrestling women's introduced IOC the When insulted. hasn’t he who with work to Trump for Washington in left one no be to going There's pro… political the in participate to people for easier it make to possible everything doing be should we America, In there! you see to Hope Democrats. and @HillaryClinton for campaign to Friday this coming I'm friends: MN Saxa Hoya family. @Georgetown the in everyone join to Excited welcome! warm the for @GUPolitics Thanks taxes. dodge also they 500%, EpiPens of price the raise just didn't They limitless. apparently is greed Mylan's you: save will plan college Hillary's much how out Find always. but November, this just hate—not trumps love that clear make Let’s deal. big very a That's what? know you tuition-free, universities and colleges public make to going she’s says @HillaryClinton When —Hillary you.” for fighting stop never 'll try. first our on fight every win we'll promise can't "I rights. sovereign their protect to fight their in sisters and brothers American Native our with stand We you. families—thank their and present, and past serving, sailors all To @USNavy. the from sacrifice and service of years 241 marks Today at office! for - run to girl a Tell @IGNITE_National: RT Howard! homecoming happy and Cathy, Congrats —@JoeBiden engaged!” get and out Go Vote. "Register. night. good really really, a have you When https… word: the spread &amp; registered Get better! do to have We vote. to registered aren't Americans million 70 than More @jasoncollins98: RT and… register could person every that so unconscious &amp; bloody left beaten, was I - is Today @repjohnlewis: RT contest: No truth. the tell can't he proved Donald Commander-in-Chief. be to ready she's that proved Hillary night, Last and… register could person every that so unconscious &amp; bloody left beaten, was I - is Today @repjohnlewis: RT tomorrow! Democrats and @HillaryClinton for campaign to you near event an to coming I'm Omaha: &amp; Iowa in Friends Washington. and Pharma Big to message strong a send will 61 Proposition on vote yes A say: to has @TimKaine what read to want you'll debt, student with saddled are or college to go to want you If nothing. do can we Or, superpower. energy clean a America make and change climate of threat the on take can We Aleatha: Meet friend. her and section, cheering graduation her pal, pen childhood her been Hillary's process. political the in participate to people for easier it make must we vote, the suppress to Republicans many of efforts the Despite https:/… here: it about Read himself. like billionaires for break tax backdoor his - Loophole Trump the hits .@HillaryClinton @mpshapiro: RT wage. living a workers their pay to refuse they but worker, average their than more times 1,203 make CEOs food Fast nationally. that make to best my do to going I’m hour. an $15 wage minimum their made have who America across cities have we Today happen: that make will Hillary how Here's success. to ladders and opportunities are there when better does Everybody … ! the at @kenmartin73 Chairman with booth the by stopping for @MartinOMalley Thanks @MinnesotaDFL: RT —M incredible. are donuts mini These @HillaryforMN: RT overseas. jobs American sending corporations big of tired they're that message clear a sent have people American The continues. equality for fight our but Amendment, 19th the of adoption the since years 96 been It's Carter —President it." abandon doesn’t she doing, worth job a there’s Hillary—when about thing special a "That’s Francis -Pope beings." human mistreat also we nature, mistreat we "When office. in days 100 first our in reform immigration comprehensive introduce will I &amp; Hillary ready: you're sure Make thing. this win to left days 51 got We've @timkaine: RT families. working to listening start to time is it top, on those benefit to deals trade our rigged have who CEOs to listening of Instead same. the do to Donald for time information—it's health of lot a released have I and Hillary emails Hillary's on reporting the on —@WashingtonPost facts." the of boundaries the exceeded vastly has story "The them. for it end to us to up is it greed, their and fraud their end not do banks Street Wall If @TheRivetersPod on me to much so means @HillaryClinton why and career my about Hear @barb_kinney: RT line. bottom his for great they're interests—but America's with conflict may Russia to ties Trump's Donald hard… making at great be he'll indication, any is mate running his as Pence Mike choosing in decisiveness Trump's If —@POTUS… matters." vote doesn't vote your says that cynicism easy the for fall "Don't "… a it calls Trump superpower. energy clean a into America turn to plan a has Hillary change: climate on choice The puppet Putin’s Trump, Donald EDITORIAL- POST @PostOpinions: RT vote: to Register president. next the is Clinton Hillary that certain make to can we everything do must We 2016. in latest the discussing be We'll hour. AM 9 the in @CNNSOTU on @DanaBashCNN joining be will tomorrow: in Tune his? pay Trump Donald doesn't why So taxes. their pay and hard work Americans of Millions … year. a than more for trail the on seen have we Trump Donald the ignored simply Pence Mike debate, the During @nytopinion: RT -H end. to got has This others. many Too Crutcher. Terence Scott. Lamont Keith -H end. to got has This others. many Too Crutcher. Terence Scott. Lamont Keith @HillaryClinton: RT history." political modern in performances debate of series effective most the in Trump Donald " Olympics. one in golds track 3 win to woman first the Rudolph: Wilma honoring we're begins, field and track As @GUPolitics Politics! of Institute @Georgetown at America of leaders future from Greetings her… with they're why on staffers @HFA Hillary." elect to working are we why here’s and proud, are we Black, are "We president. you're when death and life between difference the be can move wrong One election. this in need we spirit the That’s what. matter quit—no to refuse We again. up back right get we down, knocked get Americans When —Hillary gets." it tough how matter no stop, never I’ll better. life your make to harder work will one "No @HFA: RT up. other each lift and other each for out look to have We alone. life through gets one No @HFA: RT laws. and hearts both change to have you progress, real drive To enough. not is caring Simply inside-out. the and outside-in the both from reform for push to have you people, of number greatest the help to want you if democracy, a In movement. birther the led and supremacists, white retweets who businesses, his in discrimination of history a with candidate a facing We're Trump. Donald than better is America this. than better is America message: clear a send to have We hate. this to up stand to have We know. you everyone Register friends. your Register today. vote to register and to Go @HFA: RT hate. trump will we together, work we When leave. family paid to access deserves parent Every Chobani. by move Great choices. reproductive their for women punish is do should government thing last the but values, moral your Live counted.) (We debate. presidential first the during times 58 least at people American the to lied Trump Donald … @MSNBC! on @ChrisKofinis and Schmidt Steve strategist GOP @BernieSanders, to talks @chucktodd → 5pET at TODAY @MeetThePress: RT @MeetThePress. @MSNBC’s on 5pmEST at @chucktodd joins Sanders Bernie Sen. UP: COMING lead. to prepared she's say I'd fire. cease a and deal peace a negotiated and countries 112 to traveled Hillary too. yours, of fan Big Kate! Emmy, your on Congratulations https:… others. from $ raise to certification state lacks $, people's other on reliant totally Fdn, @realdonaldtrump's NEW: @Fahrenthold: RT Hilla… —Betsy, proud.” parents her Making know? You way. own her in work God’s doing day every there out just “She’s with. standing they're who at look a take should leaders Republican work. equal for pay equal be should there America, In fairness. basic of issue an instead but issue, partisan a not is equity Pay —@POTUS her." see to chance a had I've But her. drives what about talk always doesn't "She costs. tuition massive with college attending from them discourage to good any us do doesn't It future. our are people Young Polls: why: explain I &amp; @jimrosapepe Catholics. among &gt;20% down @realDonaldTrump show Polls started. get to to today—go vote to pledge your Make nation. ally an of leader a by rebuked get to trip policy foreign one exactly Trump Donald took It today: PM 6 at Denver in Warren Elizabeth Sen. and Bernie Join wrong. actually was He alert: Spoiler anything? for him hire you would desk, your on landed resume man's this If women. assaulting about brags who women, objectifies who president be to man a elect cannot We are."… we hell the who That's immigrant. and Native-born straight. and Gay old. and Young women. and "Men House." White the inside army "one-woman a insurance health kids get to efforts Hillary's called adviser One income. of regardless Vermonters, all to education higher up opening is future economic Vermont's for key the that understands .@SueMinterVT devastating. was heard I What winter. last Flint visited I water. drinking clean get Flint in people help to refusing are Republicans d… just or shower to able be not and crisis water this through go friends best my of some see to heartbreaking "It's poisoned." being to due 2015 of July in twins lost "I children." these about forget and us about forget to going are people scared just "I'm band-… need don't we out, bailed get and made they mess the for billions get can Street Wall on billionaires the "If water. drinking clean have Flint in families ensure than government the down shut rather would Republicans that absurd is It that. do Let's Hillary's. with years 30 last his compare to wants Trump Donald —@FLOTUS girls.” and women its treats it how is society any of measure “The —@FLOTUS women.” assaulting sexually about bragged has States United the of president for candidate a saying I’m believe can’t “I Trump on —@FLOTUS behavior” predatory about openly &amp; freely speaking individual powerful a was This banter.' room 'locker just not was "This —@FLOTUS everywhere.” men decent to insult an is talk’ room ‘locker everyday as this dismiss “To —@FLOTUS unusual.” not is family my that know I and this, like women about talk not do life my in men "The indecent… It's politics. not It's normal. not is This eloquently. so and now, right truth much so speaking is Obama Michelle @JoyAnnReid: RT —@FLOTUS powerful.” feel themselves make to women down put to need don’t models, role truly are who men men, “Strong —@FLOTUS life.” her in anything on quit never has Clinton “Hillary leader. and model role true a are You tears. in Hampshire New in @CNN on speak you watching .@FLOTUS @ladygaga: RT Trump on —@FLOTUS enough.” is enough say, and up stand to us of all for time the is "Now —@FLOTUS one.” no Hillary, than job this for qualified more be could one "No —@FLOTUS election.” this of outcome the determine to need we power the all have women as "We —@FLOTUS: high.” go we low, go they when "Remember, —@FLOTUS world?" the in authority moral our maintain we can how then women, assaulting sexually about president a have we "If —@FLOTUS: fear.” and hatred reject we that children our show can we 8, November "On —@FLOTUS them.” meet to up rise we ideals, highest our discard don’t we times, difficult “In million. $134 people? American the of fraud massive a overseeing for get Stumpf John CEO Fargo Wells does What can." you ways the all in can you people the all for can you good the all "Do her: drives that faith the on Hillary solution."—Malala only the is Education back. held are us of half when succeed cannot "We @MalalaFund: RT vision: our Here's better. the for changed lives in success our measure I and Hillary ht… scheme pay-to-play a for fined is Trump's marks, high receives Foundation Clinton the While @TheBriefing2016: RT theirs. have we know to need they Now decades. for families working of backs the had have Unions thank. to people the are unions pension, a or day, sick a vacation, paid a enjoyed ever you've If today: help can you how out Find November. in win to together working us of all take to going It's Trump. over Hillary endorsing exclusively almost are country the across Newspapers happens: never that sure make to midnight before in Chip president. next our be actually could Trump Donald (1/2) American purely were children for had they dreams but English wasn't language 1st Their immigrants. mostly were grandparents great My (2/2) dream American the live to order in everything risk to willing being than American more nothing is There leave. family paid on stand they where them ask values, family about talk politician a hear you time Next believe.… both they things the justify to try dry—or to out Trump leave to have either will Pence Mike Tonight, think… Ayotte Kelly &amp; pigs, fat women &amp; thugs, Americans African rapists, Latinos calls @realDonaldTrump it: about Think @elizabethforma: RT @TimKaine on —@POTUS president." vice great a make will he And progressive. true a He’s man. good a is "Tim 3 at Minnesota in Clinton for campaigns Sanders Bernie Livestream: @StarTribune: RT https:… now: right RSVP and you near one Find country! the across events 2600 with tonight Revolution Our launching We're @OurRevolution: RT abroad. stash they profits on taxes avoid Apple like corporations American lets that loophole the close must We for. stand we everything down tear Trump let can't We stronger. us make values shared our America, In grandkids. and kids our for disaster a be would change climate on choice wrong the Making … @HillaryClinton: to only and couple power Holton/@TimKaine the of half one -- Holton Anne Meet @cafemom: RT @realDonaldTrump on —@JoeBiden president." be to unqualified thoroughly totally, is man "This politicians. from interference without woman, any of right a is abortion an have to decision The medication. their get worldwide HIV/AIDS with people million helps @ClintonFdn The FACT: ganado ha lo se él y católicos los con problema gran un tiene .@realdonaldtrump #… live: @BernieSanders see to PST EST/6pm 9pm at in Tune @OurRevolution! for day big the is Today @ErikaAndiola: RT the… into me make helped has "She him: she Clinton—and Hillary Lady First on impression an made Moore Ryan 1994, In too. terrible are policies his forget almost you offensive, and divisive so is Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT … @BernieSanders – revolution.’ political your It’s revolution. political my not ‘It’s @nowthisnews: RT Clinton. Hillary for voting be should you reason, big pretty a is which planet, this of future the that reason other no for If https://t.… presidency: Trump Donald a is deported be to needs that thing only The @HillaryClinton. endorses officially .@Latina @Latina: RT … here: RSVP @BernieSanders with Rally 5pm. at Montpelier in Friday this us Join @DaveZuckermanVT: RT Russia. with relationship cozy Trump's Donald about questions some have We explains: @billmckibben warning—literally. global on war declare to need We @NewRepublic: RT children: and women vulnerable detaining by dollars of billions making are companies private that disgrace a is It America. in model business acceptable an be longer no must time of periods long for jail in beings human Keeping desperation. their off profit to allowed be cannot prisons Private help. our need America Central in violence fleeing children and Women About "regrets." some has he that claim to tried suddenly Trump Donald week, This people. and water land, our protect to fight the in vigilant remain must we but victory major a is This years: 30 last the over done both we’ve things some are Here discrimination. fight to together stand must we anything, for stand we If America. in Muslims against generated being is hate of Lots straightforward. pretty is choice This together. come we unless them of any solve can't we and challenges many so have We —@WashingtonPost States." United the of president excellent an be to potential the has Clinton "Hillary him. hear can daughters our women, about speaks Trump Donald When al… bullies end, the In kids: our all to message clear a send and youth LGBT for stand a take let's , This stand. a make to have We world. the in prices highest the people our charge to companies drug the allow longer no can Congress of Members —@KingJames futures." their and children for champion a been always has "Hillary tax carbon a implement must States United the emissions, gas greenhouse of reduction the in leader global a be to order In campaigns. of funding public toward move must we democracy, our restoring and politics of out money big getting about serious are we If free. tuition colleges public make to is step logical next the highs, time all at are rates graduation school high when time a At Hillary. than better that knows nobody and politics, in kindness and love more need We love.… you who or are you who matter laws—no our under equality full deserves American single Every … voters. African-American state's the of votes the suppress to steps taking are Carolina North in Republicans @DFAaction: RT —Hillary be.” should it what into it turning to ourselves commit but is it as world the face to have “We president. be to unfit is Trump Donald that proves examples these of Any president. their be to Trump Donald want not do I kids. 4 and grandchildren beautiful 7 have I Fargo: Wells at scandal the about question one has Sanders Bernie @thehill: RT overnight. literally pill, a $750 to pill a $18 from price in up shot drug prescription a States, United the In —@… opponent." her elect to helping are you all—then at vote don't you if Hillary—or than other someone for vote you "If @HillaryClinton: RT her.… help to turn our it's Now is. she who it—that’s offer to is thought first Hillary's help, needs someone When : the at done and said has Trump what about lied straight-up or off shrugged Pence times 10 Trump Donald Defend Didn’t Pence Mike Why .@Time: die? will think you do people those of many How insurance. health off Americans million 20 Throw idea. “brilliant” a has Trump Donald prescriptions. their fill to afford can't Americans 5 in 1 Meanwhile, profit. in billion $50 made companies drug largest 5 the year, Last become. to want we nation of kind what of issue moral a with dealing we’re ultimately finances, and economics with today dealing we’re While liability. a not House, White the in leadership needs America -H joy. and sweetness with filled be year coming the May Hashanah! Rosh celebrating everyone to Tovah L'Shana that. do to easier it make goal—we'll common a toward work to together come Americans when happens change Real Io… in leader courageous principled, a He's Senate. State Iowa the to re-election for @richtaylorIA support to Proud Deal Monsanto-Bayer on Statement Sanders NEWS: @TimKaine: de columna la Lee asequible. superior educación una para oportunidad una merecen Todos @Hillary_esp: RT deeds. with but words with just not service, your honors that country a deserve You thanks. our deserve veterans Our immigrants. of millions for intentions his about clear perfectly been has Trump go." to have "They this. fix to need We families. Hook Sandy over makers gun protect would laws our that incomprehensible It's America. over all reverberate will that industry pharmaceutical greedy the against blow real a is 61 Proposition California's on… LIVE @BillMaher join Sen. former and @RTraister @AnnCoulter @BernieSanders Sen. 10: @ TONIGHT @RealTimers: RT profit. in billion $50 made corporations drug major 5 the year last need, they medication the afford cannot Americans of millions While @HumansofNY to —Hillary lens." different a through seen are "Women country. this in goals big set to want We another. one with work to want We other. each against turn to want don’t We —Hillary together." people brings who leader a be to want I country. this of proud I’m country. this love "I heard. voices their make can people working and students that so registration, voter automatic need We state. of secretary last our from lot a learn could he diplomacy, with help needs Trump If 2016 2, August Trump, —Donald anything." regret don't "I live: Watch change. climate on act to have we why about speaking Miami from live are @AlGore and Hillary Miami in —Hillary it.” addressing in world the in lead the take can America and urgent, it’s real, is change “Climate issu… pressing the solve to hard work will @HillaryClinton solutions. to opposition or climate on denial afford can't planet Our @algore: RT risk. at future whole our put and backward us drag or change climate address to efforts our up step either will president next Our change. climate of because destructive more likely was Matthew Hurricane but hurricanes, destructive had always We've ac… him hold to @TheBriefing2016 Follow what. matter no back Trump's got he's prove to going is Pence Mike Tonight, https:… America. in home every power to energy renewable build emissions, cut to further go &amp; Paris on deliver will Hillary @johnpodesta: RT are. they citizens the as people its treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop to time is It need. people that care of affordability or quality the provide don't we yet country, any than care health on capita per more spends America forward. us move can who candidate only the Carter—Hillary's President with agree I @NPAction @SenSanders America" for disaster a be will "TPP @scaKS: RT Bronx! NW the of friend a is @SenSanders right! That's @northwestbronx: RT http://t… conference budget at challenge leading be he'll pm 3 at but leaders labor with rallying is @SenSanders now Right @SenateBudget: RT Deal: Trade Job-Killing Protest Leaders Labor Sanders, stopped. be should the think you if RT http://t… Sanders Bernie Sen. - hungry" goes one no that is say can we least very "The @vanessasadsad: RT … @SenSanders says direction" wrong the "exactly is @HouseGOP @Senate_GOPs from budget The @SenateBudget: RT Partnership: Trans-Pacific the on Poll the Take @TheRevAl. with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 6pmET at up Coming @TheRevAl. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @USNews: Sanders, Bernie Sen. - Agreement Trade Disastrous Another Vote: a Lynch Loretta Give Rich: for Breaks Tax Budget’s Senate Renounce Should Hopefuls GOP House White NEWS: … workers federal to paid wages low protest to @SenSanders w rally unprecedented attend to forming crowd Massive @SenateBudget: RT NOW. act must We … off walked have who works low-wage with @USCapitol the outside rallying is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE brothers? Koch the on take to willing candidates Republican the of any Are @SenSanders family" your support to able be should you hrs/wk 40 work your "If @ProgCongress: RT Capitol the of front in striking workers contract federal joins Sanders Bernie Sen. @bridgetbhc: RT http… family" a raise to them allows that wage a needs worker "Every @GoodJobsNation: with stands .@SenSanders @TheActionNet: RT for asking workers with stands @SenSanders member CPC @USProgressives: RT Order! Executive Union &amp; will he announces @SenSanders : @GoodJobsNation: RT Act: Welfare Polluter End the Introduces Sanders NEWS: : the to opposition his about floor the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Track: Fast Down Slow Sanders: NEWS: Pay: Better for Rallying Workers Federal world. the in workforce educated best the need We today. hour per $15 to to rallying workers those applaud to want I Direction: Wrong the in America Take to Want Republicans @Guardian: Olotara, Betrand children- my feed to stamps food need still I but Senate US the in cook a am I Read: Must Deals Trade Our All Written Have Interests Special @SenSanders: - video New @_under_current: RT here: info More . in meeting hall town a holding be will Sanders Sen. 6:30pmET at Tonight … profitable: more pollution make would that TPP like deal trade a is Day Earth on need earth the thing last The @350: RT . via meeting hall town a stream live will Sanders Sen. 6:30pmET at Tonight tuned. Stay priorities. budget the on meeting hall town a holding is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE here: live Watch meeting. hall town a holding is Sanders Sen. LIVE: live: Watch @JrzyJoePiscopo. with talking @77WABCradio on be will Sanders Sen. 7:25amET: at up Coming here: live Watch @JrzyJoePiscopo. with talking @77WABCradio on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon-1pmET From … benefits: increasing and expanding for case the makes .@SenSanders @SSWorks: RT here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening live: Watch 202-536-3270 now: program @Thom_Hartmann the on up him Call Sanders? Sen. to talk to Want @Independent: @ArmitageJim, - mount deals TTIP over concerns as trial on countries puts Tobacco Big Read: Must here: Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls answer to hour 1 takes Sanders Sen. week every Almost promises… broken re floor, Senate on @SenSanders says deal," trade bad another with forward go we would name God's in "Why @SenateBudget: RT live: Watch floor. the on the against speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: question: simple very following the answer to got has president for running candidate Every Says: Sanders Jobs, American Cost and Workers Foreign Exploit Would Deal Trade Unfair NEWS: jobs. American million over of loss net the to led China with Relations Trade Normal Permanent that estimated .@EconomicPolicy jobs. US 680,000 than more of loss the to led has that estimates .@EconomicPolicy champs. @SuperBowl as repeat can England New how on Belichick Bill Coach Head @Patriots advises Sanders Bernie Sen. Confirmation: Lynch Loretta on Statement Sanders NEWS: @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5:15pmET: at up Coming @EdShow. 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening online: or air on Watch Q's. your taking is @SenSanders LIVE: @VermontPBS: RT (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's world. the of envy the once were railroads America's fight. the join and post this Share Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's 2014. in billion $342 breaking record a to 2001 in billion $83 from increased has China with deficit trade Our (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Cuts: Budget Devastating About Governors Warns Sanders NEWS: direction: wrong the exactly in country this moves budget Republican The governors: state to Sanders (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Cases: Marriage Gay Hears Court Supreme People’: American the to Up Catch to Court Supreme for ‘Time Marriage: Gay on Sanders NEWS: here: info More @HowardU. at meeting hall town a for tonight Sanders Bernie Sen. Join here: in Weigh married? get to couples same-sex allowing oppose or support you Do here: in Weigh lesbians? and gays to service refuse to allowed be should businesses think you Do @HowardU. at meeting hall town a holding is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE question: simple one answer to got has president for candidate Every (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's questions: following the answer must president for candidate Every Republican old same The roots grass strong A (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news PM The truly is This questions: following the answer must president for candidate Every 1987: Sanders, Bernie Sen. here: live Watch @BPShow. with talking air the on be will Sanders Sen. 8:45amET at up Coming here: live Watch @BPShow. the on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening here: live stream will conference news ET 12p @SenSanders FYI: @benjamin_oc: RT . via here live Watch America. for agenda his on conference press a holding be will Sanders Sen. noon: at up Coming America. for agenda his about speaking is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE live: Watch Capitol. the outside conference press a holding is Sanders Sen. now: Happening rich: the favored and families working hurt that budget a against hours 9 nearly for spoke Sanders Sen. 2010 In protests: on out speaks Sanders Sen. @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5pmET at up Coming 1985. Sanders, Bernie Sen. (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's up. give to than up show to better is It noon: at here live Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon-1pmET From 202-536-2370 call: or live: Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. NOW: 202-536-2370 call: or live: Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @ThisWeekABC. on @GStephanopoulos with talk will Sanders Sen. up: Coming (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's ads. 30-second negative on millions spend not country, our facing issues real the debate to candidates want I time: our of questions economic The here: Info priorities. national our and budget the about discussion a for tomorrow Sanders Sen. Join (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's here: live Watch floor. the on budget the about speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Americans. million 2 than more for services employment and training job cuts budget GOP the , is unemployment real when time a At program. housing affordable 8 Section the of off kicked be would families million a half nearly budget, Republican the Under sale: for not is Democracy Budget: Republican Disastrous The here: live Watch floor. the on budget the about speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: Americans for terrible is budget why reasons all out laying @SenSanders now Right @SenateBudget: RT Insurance: Health Off Million 27 Throws Budget Senate NEWS: @Hardball_Chris. with talking @Hardball 's on be will Sanders Sen. 7pmET at up Coming on LIVE @Hardball_Chris. with talking @Hardball 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on be will Sanders Sen. 8:30amET at morning Tomorrow MD: Lanham, in meeting hall town a holding is Sanders Sen. LIVE: http://… @IBEW struggling workers yet soaring profit corporate how about talking @SenSanders hall town budget At @SenateBudget: RT (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on be will Sanders Sen. 8:30amET: at up Coming @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on is Sanders Sen. NOW: 1936: Roosevelt, D. Franklin President .@Pontifex: banks. big up break to bill his introducing is Sanders Sen. : on LIVE Banks: Big Up Break to Bill Files Sanders NEWS: Banks: Big Up Break to Bill Files Sanders Trip: Nike on Obama Urges Sanders It, Do Don’t Just NEWS: @ChrisLHayes. with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 8:15pmET at up Coming @ChrisLHayes. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's manner. unconstitutional an in operating and control of out is NSA the view, my In 1989: in @CSpan on Sanders Bernie Sen. @HuffingtonPost: Sanders, Sen. - Banks Big Up Break NSA: on Ruling Court Welcomes Sanders NEWS: It: Do Don't Just Legislation: Iran of Passage Senate on Statement Sanders NEWS: dignity. with retire will they how idea no have and savings in $10,000 than less have people American the of Half @TIME: Sanders, Sen. - American Every of Surveillance Orwellian End To Time It’s (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. 1pmET - noon From … 202-536-3270 ready! questions your Get @SenSanders! w/ Brunch It's ET! Noon at up Coming @Thom_Hartmann: RT here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. NOW: program: @Thom_Hartmann the on calls answering is Sanders Sen. now: Happening like. looks oligarchy what is This 2015: and 1989 Sanders, Bernie Sen. @EdShow. 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Review: in Week The HQ: Nike at Obama on Statement Sanders NEWS: It: Do Don't Just (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @BobSchieffer. with @FaceTheNation @CBSNews' on Sunday this Sanders Sen. Watch the Stop @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5pmET: at up Coming @Springsteen: Bruce (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's : Expand trade disastrous our end must We (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's . the about @MitchellReports with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 12:10pmET at up Coming . the about @MitchellReports with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening staff - China.' not America, in jobs creates that trade to approaches new need 'We .@SenSanders: @mitchellreports: RT . via live Watch VA. , in budget the on discussion a holding be will Sanders Sen. 6:30pmET at Tonight FDR - worker. well-paid the is industry American of customer best TPP: the Stop priorities. budget on discussion a holding is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Behavior: Illegal and Recklessness Greed, Sanders: Bernie for brace Banks Read: Must Disease: Liver with Veterans of Lives Save to Powers Emergency Use to VA Urges Sanders NEWS: here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking be will Sanders Sen. 12:15pmET at up Coming here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Partnership. Trans-Pacific the for bill Track Fast the opposing floor the on is Sanders Sen. well? unbelievably do billionaires of handful a while wages lower for hours longer working are Americans of millions that it is Why C-SPAN2 on LIVE - Authority Promotion on .@SenSanders @cspan: RT jobs? wage low part-time, are America in today created being jobs new the of most that happen it does Why jobs? decent-paying of millions and factories 60,000 nearly America, in lost have we 2001, since that happen it did How pay? to used jobs manufacturing what half cases some in pay country this in created jobs manufacturing new that happen it does Why India? and Mexico, China, like countries wage low other with bottom the to race a in we are Why : on Clinton decade.” next the over jobs of increase net a produce will NAFTA that agree economists all “Virtually 1993: in .@Heritage wages." lower for just Mexico to move not will firms "American 1993: in NAFTA about talking .@McConnellPress jobs. US 680,000 than more of loss the to led has NAFTA @EconomicPolicy, to According here: floor Senate the on Sanders Sen. Watch 2014. in billion $342 record-breaking a to 2001 in billion $83 from increased has China with deficit trade The countries. low-wage in overseas made are @Nike by sold are that shoes the of 100% workers. American failed have decades four past the during policies trade free unfettered disastrous why epitomizes .@Nike States. United the in shoes makes who worker manufacturing single a employ not does @Nike jobs. our not is export largest our that so agreements trade our rewrite and manufacturing American rebuild must We Backers: Deal Trade of Says Sanders Now,’ Wrong They’re Then. Wrong Were ‘They NEWS: model. business acceptable an be not must bills phone their on customers off Ripping Deal: Trade on Vote Senate on Statement Sanders NEWS: @BloombergTV. on be will Sanders Sen. 5pmET at up Coming : the stop must we why about floor Senate the on today spoke Sanders Sen. VIDEO: @BloombergTV. on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Drug: Hep-C Life-Saving Acquire Should VA @NBCNewshealth: @maggiemfox, - Drugs Prescription on $100,000-Plus Spending Are Americans More Times Three VA: Charlottesville, in budget the on discussion a held Sanders Bernie Sen. week This (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's history. modern in mistakes policy foreign biggest the of one was Iraq in war The floor: the on speaking Sanders Sen. now: Happening : the on .@RBReich Bill: Trade Job-Killing to No Sanders: NEWS: .@RichardTrumka: TPP: on No Senate: to Sanders (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's right. priorities our get to time it's Maybe Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Roosevelt: D. Franklin President Prices: Rx Rising on Bill File Cummings Sanders, NEWS: Struggle: Towns and Close Factories When Deals Trade in Perils Read: Must Prices: Drug Rising Fights Sanders 3 bottom the than wealth more own world the in people 85 richest the when time a At (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's bill. education new his announce he'll where via conf press a livestream will Sanders Sen. 11:30amET at up Coming @MicNews: @ZeeshanAleem, - History in Debt Loan Student Most the Has 2015 of Class The Official: It's … tuition colleges/universities public 4-year make to bill his announcing is Sanders Bernie Sen. : on LIVE Tuition-Free: College Make Sanders: NEWS: @WashingtonPost: - waiting. still It’s town. Tennessee this for hope promised Clinton Bill @WolfBlitzer. with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 1:30pmET at up Coming @WolfBlitzer. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening higher of financing the approach we how in change fundamental a for time is It Tuition-Free: College Make Tuition-Free: College Make VIDEO: @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5:10pmET at up Coming universities. and colleges public at free tuition make to bill education his about talking on is Sanders Sen. NOW: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Wage: Minimum Raise to Vote LA Applauds Sanders NEWS: poverty. dire in live to not deserve they week, a hours 40 work people If Fraud: is Model Business Street Wall Says Sanders Crimes, to Guilty Plead Banks Big 5 After NEWS: everyone? for affordable college make to more do should government federal the believe you Do (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's stop. this make must We Defeated: Be Must TPP The Bill: Trade Job-Killing on Vote Senate on Statement Sanders NEWS: Bill: Trade Job-Killing on Votes Senate @voxdotcom: @mattyglesias, - @Reddit_AMA Sanders's Bernie from moments 11 care: health single-payer over @SpeakerBoehner debated Sanders Sen. 1993, In Tuition-Free: College Make (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news EXTRA Today's : the about @ChrisLHayes with talks Sanders Sen. VIDEO: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's living. of standard minimum a deserves country this in Everyone 202-536-2370 in: call or live: Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon-1pmET From 202-536-2370 in: call or live: Watch show. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. NOW: right. was He of piece no virtually Today live: Watch floor. the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Privacy: Our Protect Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Bill: Trade Job-Killing on Vote Senate on Statement Sanders NEWS: system. education higher nation's our revolutionize must We Orwellian An idea. radical a not is environment our Protecting Day: Memorial Marks Sanders (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's .@Pontifex: @NYTimes: - Theology Scorned Revives Poor on Focus Pope’s Read: Must .@CornelWest: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's in wounded body, in (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's sale. for not is Democracy moral? it's think we Do up. give to than up show to better is It (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Oligarchy vs. Democracy @NYTimes: @Bittman, - Fairly? Workers Food Treat Finally We Can Read: Must change. must It society. moral a not is That 1962. in @UChicago at sit-in a at speaks committee, action social CORE the of chairman then Sanders, Bernie is It (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's China. in not America, in jobs create that deals trade for time is It @BGov: @PeterGosselin, - Economy the to Jobs Million Add You How Here's Cuba. with relationship our rebuilding in forward step major a is This Prices: Drug Rising Fights Sanders Review: in Week The @MeetthePress. on Sunday this Sanders Sen. Watch (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's Year: This Plants Close to Plans Off Back to Decision Service Postal Welcomes Sanders NEWS: of promise full (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's listings. local Check @MeetthePress. @NBC's on be will Sanders Bernie Sen. morning This .@Pontifex: -B time. difficult this during Bidens the to condolences our send I and Jane (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's http://… ! using me Tweet ask? to me like you would questions What @SenSanders: with speaking I'm 3pm: at LIVE @katiecouric: RT live: Watch @KatieCouric. with talking @YahooNews on be will Sanders Sen. 3pmET at up Coming Couric Katie to talks Sanders Bernie ET: 3 at Live @YahooTopNews: RT live: Watch @KatieCouric. with talking @YahooNews on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening @sensanders candidate presidential interviews @katiecouric live: Watch @YahooNews: RT crimes" non-violent for jail in people many too far far, far, have "We @katiecouric tells .@SenSanders @YahooNews: RT is citizens senior among Poverty revolution. political a need We (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's out? stressed are people our of millions why know you Do @thinkprogress: @PykeA - Taxes Income Pay Percent Richest The How At Glimpse Infuriating First Offer Data New @MitchellReports. with talking @MSNBC on be will Sanders Sen. 12:15pmET at up Coming @MitchellReports. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Bill: Spying Domestic Opposes Sanders NEWS: Act: Freedom USA the about yesterday @SenSanders w/ spoke I ICYMI: @katiecouric: RT Spying: NSA on out Speaks Sanders lives. decent and health live to entitled are Americans All Savings: Retirement No Have Households Older of Half NEWS: children. our for want I society free of kind the not is That @Maddow. Rachel with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 9pmET at up Coming @Maddow. Rachel with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's live: Watch @JohnsHopkins. at speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: War: Iraq Opposes Sanders Bernie Video: Flashback 2002 Security!’: Social Cut Not Will We ‘No, Bush: Gov. to Sanders Sen. NEWS: Workers: American for Fighting opportunities. job youth expand to bill his discuss to @HOPE_ProjectDC the at be will Sanders Bernie Sen. 11am at Tomorrow savings. retirement no have older or 55 someone with households American all of half than More opportunities. job youth expand to bill his discuss to @HOPE_ProjectDC the at be will Sanders Sen. 11am: at up Coming (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's privilege. a not right, a be must care Health opportunities. job youth expand to bill his discuss to @HOPE_ProjectDC the at is Sanders Sen. now: Happening bill jobs youth his discusses Sanders Sen. : on LIVE Bill: Jobs Youth Propose Conyers and Sanders NEWS: @WolfBlitzer. with talking @CNN on be will Sanders Sen. 1:10pmET: at up Coming @WolfBlitzer. with talking @CNN on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening America. in unemployment youth of crisis the ignore to continue cannot We America. in unemployment youth of crisis the ignore to continue cannot We People: Young Million 1 Employ to Billion $ Spend Let's Sanders: Bernie (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon-1pmET From Review: in Week The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's rich: the on taxes raising favor Americans of 68% (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's politics. and life American on influence much too have corporations large that believe Americans of 74% elected. remain don't they or electorate, involved an of views and needs the to respond officials elected Either Tragedy: National A Unemployment: Youth NEWS: tragedy. national this on backs our turn cannot We (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @MotherJones: -@AJVicens, Privilege the for Them Charge People-and Innocent of Tons Up Lock We it: miss Don't hour. first Wednesday's on is @SenSanders news: Big @drshow: RT now. by saved been have would it bank a were environment the If here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's ask? we should What day. @SenSanders It's @drshow: RT live: Listen @DRShow. with talking air the on is Sanders Sen. NOW: here: live Listen @DRShow. the on questions answering is Sanders Sen. NOW: now: @DRShow the on Sanders -Sen. Iraq. in war the from nothing learn will we that is fear My families. wealthy just not - all for right a be must education Higher @HelenaBengtsson: @suzyji years- three over $125m groups denial climate US gave donors Secretive Read: Must (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's work. to back workers unemployed of millions put to need We is unemployment “real” The Agenda: Values Family his announces Sanders Bernie people. vulnerable most its treats it how by but has it billionaires of number the by not morally judged is nation A values. family about talks that nation a just not are we that country this of people the showed we that time is It Sanders: Bernie Sen. from news Today's democracy. not is This process. political American the control increasingly super-PACs, their and billionaires, The country. our of families working the benefit to got have agreements Trade vote: for House applauds Sanders NEWS: it in them keep not poverty of out person a lift will job minimum-wage a that so wage minimum the raise to time It’s http:/… class middle the on war the end must we and end, must greed Corporate .@SenSanders: @GlobeOpinion: RT values family his details Sanders Review: in Week The more and middle-class the on war the trade, on votes House the Sanders: Sen. from news Today's @FaceTheNation on Sunday this Sanders Sen. Watch @BostonGlobe Sanders Sen. end"- must class middle the on war "The read: Must percent. one the just not people, all for work must economy The .@Pontifex: listings local your Check morning. this @FaceTheNation on Sanders Bernie Sen. Watch @BostonGlobe: Sanders, Bernie Sen. - class middle the on war The Sanders: Bernie Sen. from news Today’s enough! is Enough finds: GAO hungry, go 5) in 1 than (more seniors million 4 Nearly Finds: GAO Hungry, Go Seniors of Millions NEWS: @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5pmET: at up Coming @EdShow. 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening poverty. in living are country this in seniors of millions that acceptable not is It Sanders -Sen. workers. American for disaster a been have policies trade our understands history at looks who Anyone (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from News Today’s criminals like crimes committed not have who citizens treats that system a to subjected are people many Too citizenship. to path a with process immigration rational a need We today. hour per $16 than more be would it productivity, with pace kept had wage minimum the If live: Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening from. coming is meal next their where know not do they means that – insecure” “food are seniors million 4 Nearly year. a $7,600 of income average an on live seniors of percent 20 Sanders: -Sen. children. and elderly the including vulnerable most its for cares it how by judged is nation A (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's bill: jobs youth proposes America, in crisis unemployment youth the addresses Sanders Bernie Sen. 24. to 16 ages from youth million 1 employ government local and states help would bill My .@Neilyoung: @Slate: -@RosenbergTennis America in Debt With Living of Faces Many The Read: Must warm. themselves keep or medicine buy food, buy to ability their juggle to have day every seniors of Millions Change: Climate on Message Moral Francis’ Pope Welcomes Sanders NEWS: needed. actions bold the for catalyst a become should on message powerful Francis’ Pope nation. our taints still that racism of stain ugly the of reminder tragic a are killings church Charleston The sadness. deep deep, a and disgust outrage, with me fills violence senseless This nation. our taints still that racism of stain ugly the of reminder tragic a are killings church Charleston The . via pensions on conference press his livestreaming be will Sanders Sen. 11:30amET at up Coming here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening 1998 to Vote: Trade House on Statement Sanders NEWS: retirees million 10 to security retirement restore to bill unveils Sanders Sen. NEWS: Killings: Church Charleston the on Statement Sanders' kept. be to got has it pensions their to respect with country this of people working the to made is promise a When mistreated. grossly are who workers by picked be to eat they tomatoes want not does consumer American The terror” of act “an shooting Charleston Sanders: Sen. from news Today’s nullified. be cannot simply that workers by for paid and workers to made promise a are Pensions jobs. paying decent of millions and factories 60,000 almost lost have we 2001, Since killings Charleston to responds pensions, restore to plan unveils Sanders Sen. review: in week The home call they country the in be to right the deserve who kids are-American they who for DREAMers recognize must We Jr.: King Luther Martin Dr. : pension reverse to fight leads Sanders Bernie Sen. news: Today's poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who Nobody crumbling. is majority the of that exponentially, increasing is minority a of income the While .@Pontifex: oppressed. the for haven a been always has America Americans all for works that nation a create can we interests big-money the to up stand to prepared are we If billionaires for breaks tax more not and country our of people young the of needs the on focus to time is It here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Columbia. in grounds house state the from flag confederate the remove to SC of people the for overdue long is time the that believe I down. come should It history. racial stained nation’s our of relic a is flag Confederate The 26: June is Deadline here. apply can You office? Sanders Bernie Sen. in intern to Want flag Confederate the down Take Sanders: Bernie Sen. security social expanding for support broad finds poll , discusses Sanders Sen. news: Today’s top the to goes today generated income new all of 99% corporations multi-national major of CEOs for only not them for works that policy trade a deserve workers American says Sanders Sen. again, wins America Corporate NEWS: Sanders -Sen. interests big-money the just not and families working represents that policy trade new a need We at: live Listen 4:06-4:15pmET. from today @LeslieMarshall with talk will Sanders Sen. at: live Listen today. @LeslieMarshall with talking is Sanders Sen. NOW: @msnbc! on 5pET/4pCT/3pMT/2pPT at on @BernieSanders with to hour 1 ➨ @edshow: RT share fair their pay to corporations largest and people wealthiest the ask to have we say I when hawk deficit a I’m @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. minute a just In @Morning_Joe. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 8:30amET at up Coming @Morning_Joe. 's on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening workers undocumented for citizenship to path a for argues bill, trade on no votes Sanders Sen. news: Today's shadows. the of out neighbors our bring to time is It Bill: Transportation Passes Committee Senate NEWS: 2015. of Act Advancement Rights Voting the support strongly I bill: rights voting backs Sanders NEWS: end" must greed "Corporate .@SenSanders: @HuffPostBlog: RT time. same the at work to back Americans put and bridges and roads our fix can We enough! is Enough bill: transportation drafts bill, rights voting backs Sanders Sen. news: Today's tuned. Stay 11. at via live Watch tax. estate the on conference press his stream live will Sanders Sen. 11amET at up Coming # the of reading common-sense the recognized Court Supreme The tax. estate the on conference press a holding is Sanders Sen. : on LIVE upholding decision Court Supreme on statement Sanders' Bernie Sen. NEWS: inequality: wealth reduce to billionaires on tax proposes Sanders Sen. @jheil. and @MarkHalperin with talking @BloombergTV on be will Sanders Sen. 5:15pmET at up Coming @jheil. and @MarkHalperin with talking @BloombergTV on is Sanders Sen. NOW: @BloombergTV on @jheil and @MarkHalperin with talks Sanders Sen. Now: Happening pay overtime no earn employees of millions which in scandal the end must We here: Apply Friday. tomorrow, is Deadline Sanders? Bernie Sen. for intern to Want (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's @nytopinion @papergirlmacy - Worker?" American the for Up Speaking "Who's read: Must little so have many so while much so have few so when economically or morally survive cannot nation Our law.’ under justice ‘Equal building: its upon engraved words the fulfilled Court Supreme the Today Marriage: Same-Sex on Decision Court Supreme on Statement Sanders NEWS: here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking be will Sanders Sen. noon at up Coming 202-536-2370 at: in Call here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. NOW: up. caught finally has Court the glad very I'm community. gay the marginalized has system justice our long too For more: &amp; rulings and to responded Sanders Sen. Review: in Week The people" working the to face the in slap another is tax estate the "Repealing .@RichardTrumka: here: time broadcast local your See @ThisWeekABC. on Sanders Bernie Sen. watch Tomorrow, @: -@billmckibben People" the to "Power Read: Weekend Orwell: George here: time broadcast local your Check morning. this @ThisWeeekABC on is Sanders Bernie Sen. @Pontifex - idols. new created have We tax. estate progressive a enact to is democracy our preserve and inequality wealth reduce to way fairest The up. give to than up show to better is It (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's States. United the - right a as care health guarantee not does that earth on country major one only is There decision Commission Redistricting Arizona on statement Sanders' Sen. NEWS: democracy. our and voters for bad is it partisanship by controlled are districts congressional When employees overworked for rules overtime new welcomes Sanders Sen. NEWS: workers. for news good and direction right the in step a is rules overtime in change overdue long This few. a just not people, the all to belong government our and country Our @Seven_Days: @PaulHeintz, - March Pride Gay Backed Sanders Decision, SCOTUS Before Years 32 Read: Must Sanders: Bernie Sen. from news Afternoon economy: American the of reality the is Here (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's years. five next the in infrastructure our rebuilding in trillion $1 invest should we view, my In enough. is War Cold of years Fifty to kids their send to afford can't they where society a on kindly look not do people American The (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's education. college a get to ability the has country this in person every that sure make we how be should choice The corporations profitable and large to welfare corporate provide to government the for me to sense no makes It time. our of issue moral great the is inequality income and wealth of issue The poverty in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical a is it believe don't I @Politico: - Veterans Our for Fought Sanders Bernie How Read: Must share. fair their pay to class billionaire the asks that tax estate progressive a introduced have We raised. be must which wage, starvation a is $ ET Noon &amp; am 9 at tomorrow Union," the of "State CNN's on Sanders Sen. Watch extremism. that's bargaining, collective in together come to workers of right the deny you When @JakeTapper with @CNNSotu CNN's on is Sanders Bernie Sen. ET: Noon &amp; AM 9 at Today .@Pontifex: Union the of State CNN's on is Sanders Sen. Now: Happening @Politico: - Veterans" Our for Fought Sanders Bernie "How Read: Weekend United. Citizens overturn to need the is list the of top the At country. our facing crises major many are There Austerity: to 'No' Votes Greece NEWS: elderly. and sick children, poor, the for austerity more to NO saying for Greece of people the applaud I (I-Vt.): Sanders Bernie Sen. from news Today's fraud. a is economics down Trickle @nytimes: @TobarWriter - California" Hooverville, to "Welcome Read: Must Americans as responsibilities your shirk you if America of benefits the of advantage take to continue cannot You secure helped Sanders centers health for funding requests quietly GOP Sanders: Sen. from news afternoon Today's jail. in up end may today born males American African three in one and 50% is unemployment youth American African @TheRevAl. with talking on be will Sanders Sen. 6:40pmET at up Coming @TheRevAl. with talking on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening system. energy our transform to accept must we that responsibility moral a is There Greece and cuts pension pending unemployment, youth black addresses Sanders Sen. news: Today's families: low-income to accessible more energy solar make to legislation introduces Sanders Sen. NEWS: costs. these reduce help can energy solar to Access bills. electricity pay to struggle country this across Families crisis: financial Rico's Puerto on statement Sanders NEWS: base. tax its expand and jobs good-paying create economy, its rebuild can Rico Puerto that sure make must We college public free of idea" "grander proposes Rico, Puerto for protections bankruptcy backs Sanders News: Today's families. working divide to seeks that division of politics the against fight to have We -@the_intercept: Funding Request Quietly Expansion, Obamacare Sanders’ Sen. Denounce Publicly Republicans Read: Must class. middle the out bail to Street Wall for time is It live: Watch Senate. the on speaking be will Sanders Sen. 3:10pmET at up Coming NEWS: live: Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. NOW: nation. major any of poverty childhood of rate highest the have we yet and world the of history the in country wealthiest the are We country. our of kids the of all for system educational Pre-K universal a toward move must We enforcement law and jails on amounts incredible spend to than education and training job jobs, in invest to sense more lot a makes It Says: Sanders Embarrassment,’ ‘International an Children to Approach America’s NEWS: disappearing. been has class middle American great The embarrassment international an children to aproach America’s Sanders: Sen. broken. is power and wealth of concentration incredible the until about come to going is change real No 1974: to costs drug rising addresses proportions," crisis of issue "an unemployment youth calls Sanders Sen. News: Today's here: live Watch program. @Thom_Hartmann the on calls taking is Sanders Sen. now: Happening here: Watch or 536-2370 202 now: show @Thom_Hartmann the Call Bernie? for question a have you Do change. to got has that clearly taxes federal in nickel a paying not corporations major have you When @TheAtlantic: -@Chris_arnade Street" Wall to Policing Broken-Windows "Bringing Read: Must @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. 5:15pmET at up Coming world industrialized Western the in people any of hours longest the work already Americans that is truth sad The @EdShow. 's on be will Sanders Sen. now Happening world the in countries other most in employees than hours longer work already Americans Sanders: Sen. earth on country any of hours longest the of some work to continue Americans productivity, in increases huge Despite @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on be will Sanders Sen. 8:30amET at up Coming @ChrisCuomo. with talking @CNN on is Sanders Sen. NOW: immoral. is inequality income of level grotesque This reform finance campaign and immigration Rico, Puerto Sanders: Sen. from News Today's Prices: Broadband Cable, Probe to FCC on Call Senators NEWS: it. address to have We problems. devastating causing already is change Climate initiative solar low-income introduces poverty, child addresses Sanders Sen. review: in week The lifetime. his during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black 4 in 1 continue trends current If listings: local Check 12. July morning, Sunday @FaceTheNation CBS's on Sanders Sen. Watch legislation solar Sanders' price," any at profit of "mentality the criticizes Francis Pope News: Today's need. they that education early or childcare quality the receiving not are country this in children of Millions elections buying by democracy our undermine to able are billionaires which in society a accept not will We system!' just a want 'We say: must We .@Pontifex: listings: local your Check @FaceTheNation. CBS's on is Sanders Sen. TODAY: now @FaceTheNation on Sanders Sen. - exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a If poverty. in living are children our of percent 20 incomes. taxable on cap the lifting by benefits security social expand to got have We revolution. political a need We people. our of all for life of quality high a provides that society a to move to got We've Security Social expand to push the growth, economic on Sanders Sen. News: Today's succeed. to need they skills the and jobs the with people young our provide to got have We mainstream: the of out who's determine You Sanders: Bernie Sen. from News Today's shadow. the of out come can individuals so citizenship to path responsible a be should there believe I Agreement: Nuclear Iran on Statement Sanders NEWS: saber-rattling. over diplomacy for victory a is Iran with agreement nuclear The China. including earth on country other any than today jail in people more have we Tragically rise prices drug generic deal, nuclear Iran supports Sanders News: Today's need? they childcare affordable and quality the get cannot they that dads and moms working tell to it is sense What @stavernise: - Finds Study Poverty, in Live to Likely More Much Are in Children Black here: live Watch 2:15. at today floor Senate the on speaking be will Sanders Sen. Americans. African young of over-incarceration the be cannot and not is poverty and unemployment to answer The here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speak to way his on is Sanders Sen. here: live Watch floor. Senate the on speaking is Sanders Sen. was it Hispanics for , was 17-20) (ages graduates school high black for rate unemployment real the 2015, 2014-March April From Sanders -Sen. jails. more and more in than education and jobs in invest to sense more lot a makes it be: can I as clear as be me Let lives productive leading start and school leave can kids our where situation a creating start to got We've leave maternity and vacation paid guaranteed for advocates Sanders Sen. news: Afternoon direction. wrong the in went it Sadly, America. in wealth of redistribution huge a was there 2013 and 1985 Between apart. them tear not families, unite that policies pursuing be should We Malaysia in trafficking human over concern" "grave expresses Sanders Sen. News: Today's here: live Watch floor. the on speaking is Sanders Sen. programs. job youth on 2177 amdt. @SenSanders up: vote Next @NSBAComm: RT unemployment. youth of level high obscenely an have we that is America in incarcerated people many so have we reasons the of One live: Watch people. young to jobs give to amendment Sanders' Sen. on voting is Senate The NOW: … threshold) vote (60 Act Achieves Child Every , to jobs) (youth #2177 amdt @SenSanders VOTE: @DSenFloor: RT Live: vote? senator your will How jobs. find people young help to amendment Sanders' Sen. on voting is Senate The Jails Not Jobs for Calls Visit, Prison President’s Praises Sanders NEWS: up them lock to than people young our to education and jobs provide to expensive less lot a is It jails not kids our for jobs in invest to come has time The reauthorization security. of sense a with and dignity with live to deserve seniors American drilling. more not energy, clean toward move to Congress need We drilling. arctic ban to bill @SenJeffMerkley’s co-sponsored I Today Reauthorization Act Americans Older of Passage Applauds Sanders NEWS: crisis. planetary a is change Climate Sanders: Bernie Sen. from News Today's -@EconomicPolicy 1978 Since Pay Worker Typical than Faster 90x Grown Has Pay CEO Read: Must parents. their than living of standard lower a have will Americans young course, reverse not do we If mistake. huge a was 1999 in banks investment with merge to banks commercial allowing and Glass-Steagall Repealing TX: Greenville, from M. Karla Act Americans Older the applauds deal, Iran to responds jails," not "jobs for calls Sanders review: in week The class. middle the against Americans wealthiest the by attack massive a been has there years, 40 last the For up. guys these break to have you that and Congress the regulates Street Wall that believe I rules. money charge, in is money today, charge in not is Man .@Pontifex: in did it that wealth of share same the maintained simply had 90% bottom the If wrong is That leave. family paid of form some workers its guarantee not does that economy advanced only the is US The hours. long incredibly work to forced being are women and men class, middle American the of collapse the With institutions financial largest the up break to got have we fail, to big too ending about serious truly are we If college to go to afford cannot people young of thousands of hundreds that interests best country's our against is It Security Social expand to calls hour, an $15 to wage minimum raise to legislation readies Sanders Sen. News: Today's program. leave family and medical a have and does earth on country major other every what do to got We’ve project rail Vermont supports Wednesday, legislation wage minimum unveil to Sanders News: Today's we what that understand we Gray, Freddie or Garner Eric or Bland, Sandra like names at look we When Video: college. to child a sent never have that families from mostly students, school high 500 to spoke Sanders @guardian: Bailey -Sontia jobs" two work I that little so earn I Capitol. US the at cashier a am "I Read: Must right. a as healthcare to entitled is country this in person every that says that vision a need We continues. justice economic and racial for struggle The http://t… @RepRaulGrijalva @keithellison @SenSanders with 11am tmrw DC in rally to ready are We @GoodJobsNation: RT hour. an $28 than more making be would today America in worker lowest-paid The behavior. police outrageous totally shows arrest Bland's Sandra of video This hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise to legislation unveil &amp; workers of hundreds address will Sanders Sen. ET: AM 11 at Periscope on LIVE arrest Bland's Sandra of video to responds wage, minimum $15 for calls Sanders Sen. News: Today's college. to kids their send to afford can’t they yet hard, working are country the across People Periscope on LIVE hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise to rally address will Sanders Sen. ET: AM 11 at up Coming bill wage minimum $15 announces Sanders Sen. : on LIVE wage minimum $15 announces Sanders : on LIVE Wage Minimum $15-an-Hour for Bill Introduces Sanders NEWS: hour. an $ of wage minimum federal the on survive cannot people working that is truth simple The corporations. and people rich from money for beg to have not and office for run to able be to people young want I Sanders -Sen. wage. living a to raised be to got It’s wage. starvation a is hour an $ Sanders -Sen. poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who one No wage minimum $15 for fights Bland, Sandra of death and arrest condemns strongly Sanders Sen. News: Today's poverty. in living are workers full-time of millions that disgrace national a is It reforms for called &amp; @edshow on Bland Sandra of death and arrest the condemned strongly Sanders Sen. ICYMI values. family our not values, family their are Those … economists: national noted &amp; @SenSanders by led debt Greek on discussion a for 2:30 @ 30 July in Tune @SenateBudget: RT wage: living a for rally yesterday's from Pictures Bailey -Sontia ahead. stay and ahead, get can women working way only the is union a and wage living A catastrophic. is This century. this of end the by warmer degrees 10 to 5 be could planet our say Scientists labeling GMO block to bill passes House Sanders, Sen. in champion a found have proponents wage living News: Today's child. her feeding is she what know to right the has mother A … here: more Read do. to thing right the is wage minimum $15/hr a agree: country the in economists top 210 @SenateBudget: RT Glass-Steagall reinstating supports arrest, Bland Sandra to responds $15, for fights Sanders Review: in Week The video: the Watch wage. starvation a is wage, minimum federal current the $, need. in most people the treats it how by judged is greatness nation’s a us, reminded FDR As listing: local your Check @chucktodd. with @meetthepress NBC's on be will Sanders Sen. Sunday: coal and gas, oil, big for subsidies and breaks tax ended we If work. same the perform who men to compared dollar the on cents 78 earn women that unconscionable It’s airtime: for listing local your Check morning. this @meetthepress NBC's on is Sanders Sen. -@Pontifex fittest. the of survival the and competition of laws the under comes everything Today reform. finance campaign about serious deadly be must we change climate &amp; jobs creating about serious are we If Bank. Export-Import the through corporations multi-national to welfare corporate providing be not should We America. in sold be not should hunting, for not people, kill to used exclusively guns of types Certain change. to got has That families. their feed to afford cannot and week a hours 40 working are People solutions: control gun sense" "common for calls Sanders privilege. a not right, a is care Health situations. abuse domestic in involved who’s or background criminal a has who gun a have should Nobody Vox with down sits Sanders &amp; bipartisanship of history Sanders' Sen. at looks Journal National News: Today's discussion: the to RSVP -@JosephEStiglitz: Lamb" Sacrificial the "Greece, Read: Must Jr. King Luther Martin Rev. - poor." the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This march! the after about speaking @SenSanders @TheArcUS: RT here: RSVP Day equity. pay full for fight and women with stand to have we Men, smoking for record criminal a with Americans young many so stigmatize we that obscenity an is It hour? an $15 to wage minimum the raising support you Do poll: the Take RSVP: Crisis. Debt Greek the discussing be will Stiglitz Joseph &amp; Sanders Sen. Thursday: fuels. fossil from away system energy our transform aggressively to is now job Our … human-caused." real, is agree Scientists over. is debate The crisis. planetary this address to got have "We @EnergyDems: RT : Parenthood Planned on statement Sanders' NEWS: elections. buy to people of ability the equal not does speech Free Drug: Critical for Overcharging Combat to Officials Urge @RepCummings &amp; Sanders NEWS: … pm 2:30 at tomorrow conference debt Greek at others &amp; @JosephEStiglitz @SenSanders meet to chance Great @SenateBudget: RT them: impacted have programs the how about Sanders Sen. wrote people Medicaid, &amp; Medicare of Anniversary 50th the On health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to Republicans by attempt The stories: more See Oregon. -Alan, " have I'd Medicare "Without program. important enormously this defend we that important is it Medicare, of anniversary 50th the celebrate we As 902 Rm Building Office Senate Hart in 2:30PM at TODAY @JosephEStiglitz and Sanders Sen. with Greece in crisis the about discussion the Join Sanders -Sen. privilege. a not people all for right a is care Health Sanders -Sen. care? health to entitled is everyone that believe we do ask: to is job our society moral a As Sanders -Sen. child." and woman man, every cover to Medicare expand to need we that say to come has time "The Medicare-for-All Proposes Sanders Medicare, of Anniversary 50th On NEWS: crisis Greek ongoing the discuss to others and @SenSanders join will @JosephEStiglitz Thursday On @rooseveltinst: RT well. as issue security national global a also is this issue, environmental an just not is This right: a as care health guarantee not does that world industrialized the in nation major only the is America live: Watch @JosephEStiglitz. economist prize nobel with Crisis Debt Greek the discusses Sanders Sen. Now: Happening : life her impacted Medicare how shared Ann leave paid guarantee not does that country major only the being of embarrassment international the end must We insurance, health no have still who people million 35 have we Act Care Affordable the of gains modest the Despite system care health Medicare-for-all a for plan his announce Sanders Sen. Watch it knows America in nobody but world, the of history the in nation wealthiest the is This it. doing while rich getting and impunity with planet the destroying is industry fuel fossil The Parenthood Planned defund to efforts Republican rebukes &amp; Medicare-for-all for calls Sanders Sen. Review: in Week The -@thenation: Greece to Happening What’s About Care Should You Why Explains Sanders Bernie listings: local your Check @ThisWeekABC. ABC's on is Sanders Bernie Sen. Sunday: incarcerated. the for training skills real and education real need We prison. from back path a be to needs There hungry! going are country this in children when billionaires to breaks tax give not will We listings: local your Check Week." "This ABC's on is Sanders Sen. morning This .@Pontifex: poverty. in live should worker full-time no that – simple be should America in work time full of benchmark The contributors. major to payoff a as system political our of subversion complete a seen just We’ve Carter: President system energy our transform to boldly move must we &amp; us facing crisis planetary great the is change climate knows Obama Pres elections funded publicly for pushes , the welcomes Sanders Sen. News: Today's energy renewable toward &amp; fuels fossil from away system energy or transform to boldly move must We college. attending at shot fair a income, their or race their of regardless children, our give to need We emissions. gas greenhouse reduce dramatically must We clear. is task Our crisis. planetary a is change Climate health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to attempt Republicans’ Senate Crisis Debt Greek the addresses Sanders Bernie Sen. enough. is enough clearly: and loudly say to come has time The Women on Attack Republican Denounces Sanders Sen. NEWS: Sanders -Sen. little." so have many so and much so have few so when unsustainable simply is economy global "The supports health," women's on attack "an cuts Parenthood Planned attempted calls Sanders News: Today's tuition. afford cannot but college to go to ability &amp; desire the have who people young have we that insane It's @cspan on politics in money of influence the about speak will Sanders Sen. ET: AM 11:30 at up Coming here: Watch politics. of out money take to legislation announces Sanders Bernie Sen. now: Happening Sanders -Sen. America." in perishing is people' the for people, the by people, the of 'government 2015, year the "In Sanders Sen. - rich?" super the and rich the represent only who candidates elect to used be will billions many "How elected. gets who determine companies and individuals wealthy of handful a where country this in movement rapid a about talking are We bribery" political unlimited with oligarchy, "an is US The Carter: Jimmy President Sanders Sen. - them." for do can they what billionaires telling not are candidates where one be should future the for vision "Our Bribery’ ‘Legalized of System ‘Corrupt’ Replace to Elections of Funding Public Proposes Sanders NEWS: up. locked get people many how be not should enforcement law for success of measure The -@BuzzFeedNews: Nightmare a Find Workers Foreign , the to Invited Slavery: American New The Read: Must speech: the Watch bribery. legalized of system corrupt our replace must We Sanders: mainstream goes push anti-austerity elections, funded publicly for calls Sanders News: Afternoon States. United the in perishing is people the for people, the by people, the of government that much very fear I process political the in participate can income of regardless people all which in nation a be should vision Our @jorgeramosnews: with reform immigration talks bribery, legalized slams Sanders News: Today's bribery. legalized to amounts and corrupt is system campaign current The leave family paid guaranteeing in world industrialized the of rest the join to time It's compensation. worker times 300 nearly is compensation CEO Today America: in means inequality what is This communities: our helps the How Americans of millions helped has Act Leave Medical Family the years, 22 For earth. on country major every virtually behind lags US the respects many in values family real of terms In values! family real need We Rule Pay CEO on Statement Sanders NEWS: life. dignified a live to order in need they what receive people that guarantee a be must There rule: pay CEO new applauds , and suppression voter discusses Sanders News: Today's America! in racket prison private-for-profit the end to got have We b… ballot the to barriers all &amp; any of removal the requires society fair &amp; just A democracy. of foundation the is vote Our @repjohnlewis: RT Jr. -MLK myself. possess not do I vote to right the possess irrevocably and firmly not do I as long So on Turnout Voter Increase to Legislation Introduces Sanders NEWS: Watch: democracy. not oligarchy, is now at looking are we What destroyed. being is system political American The speech: Sanders' Sen. Watch suppression." voter against back fight and up stand to us for come has time "The 2011: in @TheDailyShow the on Stewart Jon joined Sanders Sen. when to heard. voices their make can Americans all that so automatically vote to registered be must 18 over Everyone ET PM 6:10 at @TheRevAl with @PoliticsNation MSNBC's on is Sanders Sen. up: Coming Act Rights Voting the of anniversary 50th the discussing @TheRevAl with MSNBC on is Sander Sen. Now: Happening country." major any of turnout voter highest the have America see to want "I : on Sanders Sen. News: Today's suppression. voter against back fight and up stand to us for come has time The live: Watch Program. Hartmann Thom the on is Sanders Sen. Now: Happening struggle. people because place takes Change @gillianbwhite: -@TheAtlantic Recovery" America's in Gaps Racial "The Read: Must turnout: voter on lead to for calls system, finance campaign broken slams Sanders Review: in Week The in. engage can it wars many how not is nation great a of test The : on Sanders Deal: Nuclear Iran Supports Sanders NEWS: listing: local your Check morning. Sunday @FaceTheNation CBS's on Sanders Sen. Watch equitable. be should it fair, be only not should wage living A Worker Social Vermont Slain on Statement Sanders NEWS: 1%? top the to going is income new all of 99% that happy we Are democracy. our on attack pronged two the seeing are We listing: local Check @FaceTheNation. CBS on Sanders Sen. Watch Today: warming. this combat to lifestyle of changes for need the recognize to called is Humanity .@Pontifex: debt. into going without college to go can American every that sure make can we Street, Wall out bail could we If people. its of all to care health provide doesn't that earth on country major only the is US the why know to want I Iran: with agreement nuclear the support will he @FaceTheNation CBS' tells Sanders News: Today's Roosevelt: D. Franklin President system. education higher nation’s our revolutionize must We families. working middle-class of reality the with do to nothing has today Congress US the in place takes What deal: nuclear Iran the supports he why explained Sanders Sen. Yesterday, resort. first the not resort, last the be should war that believe I terrible. is It real. is war of cost The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift should job A undergrads: for free tuition colleges public make to plan Sanders' applauds Times York New The News: Today's 1%. the just not and us of all for work government our make to time It's Sequestration by Caused Losses Job on Statement Sanders NEWS: society, our to threat serious a pose not do who Americans young non-violent of incarceration over the end must We http://… @USCBO): (via jobs million to up add could America cuts, budget harmful end to agree Congress in Republicans If @WhiteHouse: RT years. two next the over jobs million as many as of loss the at looking we’re sequestration, end to act not does Congress If cuts: budget arbitrary stops Congress if created be could jobs million to up finds @USCBO News: Today's be. can country great this what of think to you want I program. loan student our restructure fundamentally must We pay. overtime any without 60-hours-a-week to 50- working women million of absurdity the end must We society. of form oligarchic an to vote, one person, one society, democratic a from quickly very moving are We Sanders Bernie - ALL." IT HAVE CAN'T YOU is; message that and class billionaire the to message a have "We @MiaFarrow: RT rights. other all of preservative is vote to right The -B family. his and him with are thoughts My people. American the to life his devoted has Carter Jimmy President : the protect to fight in justice environmental on focusing Sanders Sen. News: Today's to. entitled are they benefits and care heath the get veteran every that sure make to going are We elections.” buy to continue cannot money “Big 1997: in Sanders Sen. poverty childhood of rate highest the and billionaires of proliferation a have we that wrong profoundly It's renewable 100% goes Burlington bill, wage minimum $15 Sanders' Sen. of impact The News: Afternoon right. human a is care Health years: the through consistency Sanders Sen. examines Maddow Rachel MSNBC's News: Today's Act. Rights Voting the restore to legislation consider to refused have Republicans that crime &amp; embarrassment an It's changed: hasn’t message Sanders’ Sen. Senate, States United the to Hall City Burlington From . with relations diplomatic normal develop to moving for Kerry Secretary &amp; Obama President applaud I history. nation’s our in program government successful most the is American. eligible every to owed benefit every out paid has Security Social bad, and times good Through deficit." the with do to nothing has Security "Social Reagan: Ronald President prices: drug rising investigate @RepCummings and Sanders Sen. News: Afternoon cuts: budget of impact on numbers CBO of description Sanders’ in inaccurate Nothing @EconomicPolicy: from Read Must incarceration. and jails not education, and jobs in investing be should We country. this in immigrants undocumented million 11 include must that everybody about talk we When percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost own not should percent one of one-tenth top The government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does speech of Freedom -@Pontifex filth. of pile immense an like more and more look to beginning is home, our earth, The decision. United Citizens disastrous the overturn must We attack. fierce under is democracy Our Bond. Julian of passing the on statement Sanders NEWS: no-brainer. a is pipeline XL Keystone the Rejecting Sanders -Sen. all. for justice to life his dedicated Bond Julian movement. rights civil the in figure heroic a of loss the mourn We wage: minimum hour an $15 for push leads issues, wrong on focusing for media out calls Sanders News: Today's care. quality provide to not possible, as money much as make to is goal companies' insurance Private Security Social for qualifying before 70 or 68 they're until work to Americans working-class ask to unacceptable It's drilling. more is needs environment our thing last the change, climate to due warming is planet our when time a At college? to kids their send and table the on food put to struggling people ordinary of side the on you Are sequestration: by caused losses job highlight to right Sanders News: Today's families working-class on rates interest high on profiteering of business the in be not should government US The program care health national single-payer a as child and woman man, every cover to Medicare expand to need We vote. to right the for fought and organized women American because ago years 95 ratified was Amendment 19th The change climate of crisis the tackle to more do must we but step important an is emissions methane cut to plan EPA’s corporations. private by run country this in penitentiaries have we that obscene is It negotiations budget open to Republicans push Democrats Senate and Sanders Sen. News: Afternoon drugs: prescription for more paying and less for harder working are Americans News: Today's habitable. is that way a in planet this leave we that certain make to responsibility moral a have We process political the own increasingly class billionaire the and class millionaire The disagree! I body. own her control to right the have not should woman a that are values family Republicans' families. working of aid the to come to Street Wall for time It's Sanders: Sen. on West Cornel -- truth." the speaks who politician a be to possible it’s that shows "He News: Today's media. establishment and economics establishment politics, establishment of tired and sick are people American The … event: an for Q&amp;A a leading @WhiteHouse, the at back is Fiorile Gina student Today: @uvmvermont: RT House: White the from live Q&amp;A a lead Fiorile Gina leader and student @uvmvermont Watch -@bydarrylfears: say scientists drought, California the worsened warming Global Read: Must @jegner: -@nytimestravel Vermont Burlington, in Hours 36 Read: Must privilege. a not right, a be should Education kids of generation entire an on backs our turning are We well and alive is today suppression Voter change: climate stopping racism, institutional ending wages, raising on focused Sanders Sen. News: Today's country major other every virtually in exists right that and care, health to entitled is child and woman, man, Every people. of millions of tens affects that poverty crippling the address must we communities, our empower truly To failure. a been has drugs on war the that question no is There up. give to than up show to better is It Street. Wall on greed the of because is collapsing is class middle the why reasons major the of One remains. activity political their while corporations of control effective no be can There Roosevelt: Teddy President roads? crumbling our rebuild to afford can't but wars ending never on trillions spend can we that happen it does How .@Pontifex: drilling more is needs environment our thing last the change, climate to due warming is planet our when time a At Sanders Sen. - low." damn too just are people of millions for America in "Wages 2007. in did she than year last less $1,337 made worker female typical the that unacceptable is It policy: foreign on positions Sanders' Sen. at look closer a takes @YahooPolitics News: Today's policies. trade disastrous our ended we time high is It Americans. working for disaster a been has trade free Unfettered in. are results The all. it have cannot they class billionaire the to clear it make and up stand to need We security! social expand to going are We security! social cut to going not are We world. the in turnout voter highest the have must we then democracy, vibrant a in believe truly we If panic: stock after Street Wall hits Sanders Sen. News: Today's ago. years 26 was it than today lower is income family median real that disgrace national a is It poverty. in live should worker full-time no that – concrete and simple be should America in work time full of benchmark The Care Quality High for Funding Additional and Recognition National Receive Centers Health Vermont NEWS: this in people 15 wealthiest the poverty, in living are Americans million 45 While savings in $10,000 than less have workers American of half over Today, Street: Wall and Washington between door revolving stop to bill supports Sanders Sen. News: Today's accomplish. cannot we nothing is there us, of all to belongs country this enough, is enough say, we When workers. wage minimum of two-thirds nearly represent Women delivery: overnight reinstate to @USPS on calls Sanders Sen. NEWS: dream. American the with hell to class; middle American the with hell to is saying are they What jails. of out billions making corporations private of absurdity the end must We voices" "prophetic are Pope and Sanders delivery, overnight reinstate to Service Postal urges Sanders News: Today's poverty. in living are America in kids of percent 20 nearly that embarrassment international an is It economy. productive a creating of part is that system banking a need We -@jsyche: Is Workers And CEOs Between Gap Pay The Outrageous How Here's Read: Must elections. and candidates buy to able being billionaires and corporations about not is democracy American tax: transaction financial Sanders' Sen. for call renews volatility Street Wall News: Today's truth." the tell just I hell. them give don't "I Truman: Harry President all. it want class billionaire the and brothers Koch The Freedom: and Jobs for Washington on March the of power the on reflects Sanders Sen. WATCH: Americans. million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart of family Walton the family, one Today, right: was he But election. an won Hitler saying for liar a called was Sanders Sen. @voxdotcom: from Read Must Sunday. on @ThisWeekABC and Union the of State @CNN’s join will Sanders Sen. ago. years 42 did he than year last less $783 made worker male typical the that unacceptable is It country. this in investing starts America corporate that so policies trade our in changes fundamental for time It’s @billmckibben: by Planet the and Pope The @nybooks: from Read Must -@Pontifex philanthropy. mere not is labor human and earth the of fruits the of distribution just a for Working poverty. in live should worker full-time no that be should America in work time full of benchmark The debt. student of issue the with deal must We more. or $100,000 $50,000, of debts carrying are today graduates college that absurd is It July: in to bill introduced Sanders wage, min $15/hour includes now platform Democratic News: Today's money. for billionaires upon dependent are politicians and corrupt become has system finance campaign our United Citizens of result a As ET PM 12 at @mitchellreports with MSNBC on Sanders Bernie Sen. Watch @mitchellreports with @msnbc on Sanders Sen. Watch ET: Noon at up Coming people. wealthiest the and Street Wall just not and us of all represents that government a want people American The poverty. in living children many so have we when billionaires to breaks tax give to sense no makes It seen ever have we blunders policy foreign worst the of one as down go will think I which war Iraq the against voted I ways horrendous in planet this threatening is change climate that scientists all nearly &amp; w/@Pontifex along believe I effectively" and selectively "very used be must drones argues Sanders Sen. News: Today's far. by -- world the in drugs prescription for prices highest the pay Americans Prices: Drug Soaring on Legislation Proposes Sanders NEWS: high? unreasonably are prices drug prescription believe you Do Bernie: Tell society of form oligarchic an to vote, one person, one society, democratic a from quickly very very, moving are We -@marialaganga: sea the by up chewed is island as struggle villagers Alaskan change: climate is This Read: Must poverty. in living not are county this in people so hour an bucks 15 least at to wage minimum the raise should we believe I drugs: prescription of cost skyrocketing the slow to proposal releases Sanders Sen. News: Today's taxes. of share fair their paying start to corporation largest the asking by revenue new substantial need We people. all of right a be must Education in: Weigh action. take must government the say 98% &amp; high too are prices drug say 99% responded. have people 6,000 funding: Parenthood's Planned cut Republicans if happens what bare lays Louisiana Read: Must government. the own could billionaires that was United Citizens in said essentially Court Supreme the What manner. peaceful a in conflicts resolve can it how but in engage can it wars many how not is nation great a of test The war. another yet avoiding while weapon, nuclear a produce to ability Iran’s limiting of chance best the has Iran with agreement nuclear The support overwhelming receives prices drug skyrocketing in rein to proposal Sanders' Sen. News: Today's share fair their paying start to well phenomenally doing are who people ask must we inequality massive of time a At behind: left were wages then but productivity with along increased wages workers' 1973 Until sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans infrastructure. crumbling our rebuilding by jobs paying decent of millions create to need We change. to got has That men. to compared dollar the on cents 78 earning be should women why reason rational no is There drugs: prescription of cost increasing the slow to moves and war of cost the discusses Sanders Sen. News: Today's exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a when that Street Wall tells which movement a need We -@nytimes Paychecks in Drop Biggest See Workers Low-Income Read: Must class. middle American the against today country this on going war 40-year a is There program. loan student our restructure fundamentally must We TPP. disastrous the defeating includes that and policies trade disastrous our end will that movement a need We exchange: the Watch -@HuffingtonPost. Inequality Income Over Up It Laugh Secretaries Treasury Rich Three Read: Must @HuffingtonPost — Mandate Vacation A Support Overwhelmingly Americans citizenship. to path a on States United the in living people undocumented million 11 puts which legislation need We deficient. structurally is US the in bridges 9 in 1 than more Today elections. and candidates buy to continue cannot they that class billionaire the and brothers Koch the tells which movement a need We land? without farmworkers many so are there where world a in wrong is something that realize truly we Do .@Pontifex: know to need you statistics income and jobs the lists index day labor Sanders' Sen. News: Today's families. working against war the of tired and sick are We @HuffingtonPost — Back Fight and Together Stand 2015: Day Labor on Sanders Sen. military-industrial-complex. the for lobbyists the not children, hungry of cries the to listen must We poverty. in live to "freedom" the with Americans other leave to want They all. it want billionaires These … Sanders Bernie from index Day Labor A money: and jobs the have doesn't who and does Who @latimes: RT life. decent a at chance a has the in person working every that so again once class middle the for fight to time It's class. middle the for works which economy an create to us for overdue long is time The … country this of people working the honoring of importance the about writes .@SenSanders @HuffPostPol: RT class. middle our built who organizers and activists the of accomplishments the celebrate to time a is Day Labor workers. all to leave sick paid extend to has now Congress do. to thing right the is order executive president's The jobs. paying decent of millions create &amp; infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to program jobs massive a need We thank. to people the are movement labor the of women and men the pension a or day sick a vacation, paid a enjoyed ever you've If inequality income growing highlighting and workers thanking by Day Labor celebrates Sanders Sen. News: Today's America. in inequality wealth of degree obscene the reduces which system tax a need We need. they that drugs prescription the afford can country this in everyone that sure make to got have We -@climateprogress Emissions Gas Greenhouse Their Reducing By Just Trillion $17 Save Could Cities Read: Must poverty. in living not are county this in people so hour an bucks 15 least at to wage minimum the raise should we believe I Bernie: Tell you? affected prices drug prescription skyrocketing have How earth. on country other any than jail in people more has States United the that reality tragic the end to need We prices drug prescription lower to and prisons private reform to bills introduce will Sanders Sen. News: Today's Americans. of incarceration the from profiting corporations of practice disgraceful the end to need We health. women's on attack an is Parenthood Planned for funding off cut to Republicans by attempt The leave paid guarantee not does that earth on country major only the being of embarrassment the end to got We've Iran: with agreement nuclear the about floor Senate the on speak will Sanders Sen. ET: PM 4:30 at up Coming here: preview a See ET. PM 4:30 at deal Iran the supports he why about speak will Sanders Sen. here: Watch . the about Floor Senate the on speaks Sanders Sen. Now: Happening Iraq. with war to go to need the on forcefully out spoke who people same the are agreement Iran the against out spoken have have who Those again. happen it see to want not do I happen. did fact in feared I what of much Sadly, Iraq. in war the against voted I engagement. military to resorting before solutions diplomatic pursue to obligation an have we believe I on. were we path the than better far is it mind, my to But not. course Of like? would I everything achieve agreement Iran the Does succeed. to chance a Iran with agreement negotiated the give to us upon incumbent is it think I Deal Nuclear Iran the Support I Why Option: Last the Be Should War Sanders: Sen. speech: his Watch Deal. Iran the supports Sanders Sen. Why @WSJ via prices drug high targeting bill introduce to Sanders Bernie @Loftus: RT prices drug prescription lower to bill introduces , of opponents slams Sanders News: Today's resort. first the not resort, last a be must war that understand not do colleagues Republican my of many that fear I Periscope. on Live prices. drug skyrocketing in rein to legislation announce will @RepCummings and Sanders Sen. ET: AM 10 at up Coming here: online LIVE – Prices Drug Prescription on @RepCummingson &amp; .@SenSanders @cspan: RT prices drug skyrocketing addresses Sanders Sen. now: Watch prescribed. are you medication the afford cannot you if matter not does it but world the in doctor best the have could You prices drug lower to legislation introducing are they announced @RepCummings @SenSanders @OversightDems: RT drug. that afford cannot people American the if good no does drug life-saving A need. they medication life-saving the take to afford cannot they because die will they that fear in live to have not should Americans Prices Drug Soaring Lower to Legislation Comprehensive Introduce Cummings Sanders, NEWS: @wolfblitzer with CNN on Sanders Sen. Watch ET: 1PM at up Coming speech: Sanders Sen. Watch stop." to got has It Americans. killing is industry pharmaceutical the of greed "The war. that of consequences unintended the comprehend to easy so not it war, to go to easy is It sentences. prison longer and incarceration not rehabilitation, on be must emphasis Our Vote Deal Nuclear Iran on Statement Sanders NEWS: longer. any suffering are who Americans rip-off companies drug the let cannot We ET PM 8:15 at @chrislhayes with MSNBC on Sanders Sen. Watch http://… lost. lives the honor to silence of moment a observe will 8:46AM at morning This . remember We @SenateSAA: RT cancer. with diagnosed being for bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In @StoryCorps: -@NPR Memorial" Enduring An And — Work Of Place A Cemetery, Brooklyn A "At 9/11: Remembering responsible people the prosecuting not was crisis financial the after made government our mistakes biggest the of One industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everybody, for work that policies drug prescription implement to time It's earth. on country other any than jail in people more has States United the that reality tragic the end to need We listings: local your Check Sunday. this @meetthepress NBC's on is Sanders Sen. -@chicoharlan: States United the in day a $2 on live to like it’s What Read: Must not do banks of CEOs the while marijuana, smoking for records criminal have youth many that acceptable not is It homes. million than more power to States United the in installed solar enough now is there 2015, of half first the Through undermined. being are democracy of foundations the and corrupted totally been has system political American The listings: local your Check @meetthepress. NBC's on morning this Sanders Sen. Watch of cut the in image heartless and new a found has old of calf golden the of worship The @Pontifex: greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and country this destroying is class billionaire the of greed The respond. to got has world The backs. their on clothes the just with Iraq and Syria leaving are People world. the in turnout voter highest the have must we then democracy, vibrant a in believe truly we If crisis refugee to respond must world says Sanders News: Today’s hour. an $15 to wage minimum the raise will we that and wage living a deserves America in worker every that says which movement a need We about. be should America what not is That hungry. bed to go children of millions when suffer morality and justice view my In it. close anything or society just a is US the that case the make to anyone for hard be think, I would, It direction. wrong the exactly in us move would movement union trade the on attack Walker’s Gov. richer even corporations large &amp; wealthy the making while receive people working that benefits the &amp; wages lower would plan Walker’s Gov. wealth. and money serve to have not should people The people. the serve should wealth and Money prices. drug prescription lowering on leads Sanders News: Today's children. many including care health of off people million 27 threw budget Republican the that understand children about talk you When EST. 12PM at today @mitchellreports @MSNBC's join will Sanders Sen. wealth. great and money of acquisition the worships which world, a in and nation a in living are We @SenSanders and @GKButterfield with DC to marchers Welcoming @EleanorNorton: RT America. of story a is story our story, my story, Their poverty? in living are county this in children the of 20% that moral is it think you Do interests. special of ahead health and profits of ahead people puts that system care health national a is need we What March. joins Sanders News: Today's income. of regardless education college a get to able be must desire the and ability the have who kids our of All -@brycecovert: Years Seven In Improved Hasn’t Gap Wage Gender The Read: Must change. to got has That men. to compared dollar the on cents 78 earning be should women why reason rational no is There lives. save to order in it from away not disaster the into raced responders first Our Report: Poverty and Income on Statement Sanders NEWS: billion. $170 by increase wealth their saw years two last the in people wealthiest 15 the when justice no is There people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must does, US the as goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society A @ChrisCuomo with CNN on Sanders Sen. Watch Now: Happening incarceration. mass prevent that conditions the create to can we everything do to be must goal Our universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It prisons. private of end the for call to @SenSanders Joining @keithellison: RT bars behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should Corporations Prisons: Private Ban to Bill Introduce Leaders House Sanders, NEWS: -@AlanaSemuels Families American Costs Incarceration What Read: Must around. that turn to begin will Act apart. families pulls society, our harms incarceration Mass population: prison the reducing of question harder the address &amp; racket prison profit for private the end must We earth. on population educated best the having of distinction the have to country our want I now. Morning This @CBSNews on live is Sanders Sen. prisons private ban to bill introduces Sanders News: Today's little. so have many so and much so have few so when justice no is there that understand to have we justice, and morality about talk we When ht… @RepRaulGrijalva @SenSanders Act w/ ban we if things good 7 @Grassroots_News: RT month. a jobs their losing were people 800,000 office left Bush when that forgotten have to seem Republicans health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to Republicans by attempt The @colbertlateshow CBS's on Sanders Sen. Watch ET: PM 11:30 at Tonight racket. prison private the end must We leave. medical and family paid of weeks twelve for fight will I Colbert Stephen with Show Late The to class middle the lifting of message his brought Sanders Sen. News: Today's married. get to able be shouldn't sisters and brothers gay our that are values family Republicans' sick. are they when doctor a to go to right a have children God's of all is about talking are we what morality, about talk we When wages. low abysmally for hours long working are people country this over all when justice no is There right. a as care health guaranteeing in world the around nations other joins which nation a be can We -@Pontifex inequality" and exclusion of economy an to NO say us "Let poverty. in living not are county this in people so hour an $15 least at to wage minimum the raise should we believe I process the in jobs decent-paying of millions create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to got have We country. our of people working and poor the with stand to courage the have we that imperative is it justice and morality toward strive we If fraud. a is economics down Trickle prices. drug prescription skyrocketing against fight the leads Sanders News: Today's prices: drug lower to plan Sanders' Read sick. get they if bankrupt go will they fear in live shouldn't Americans -@nytimes Overnight $750, to Tablet a $ From Goes Drug Read: Must Colbert: Stephen with Show Late The on Bernie Drug. Life-Saving of Increase Price “Overnight” Investigate Cummings and Sanders News: companies. pharmaceutical the of greed the to up stand to Congress for come has time The lives. healthy live to need they that drugs prescription the afford can country this in everyone that sure make to got have We increases price skyrocketing of list long a in latest the just is Daraprim for increase price overnight enormous The drug old 62-year a for price in spike $700-plus a justify to Pharmaceuticals Turing on calls Sanders News: Today's -@jcarrsmyth contact sexual unwanted report women college 4 in 1 Read: Must Getty | visit pope for workers striking join to Sanders Bernie @politico: RT justice. economic and social for call his heed will Congress that hope I US, the to Francis Pope welcome we as Today, families their of care take to enough earn not do Senate the in including US the in working people when justice no is There @GoodJobsNation union. a want We pay. fair want We justice. want We enough. is Enough http:… justice social for call heed to Congress on calls workers federal paid low for strike at Pope welcomes Sanders Bernie @RobertsDan: RT @maryaliceparks via Alike Sounded Francis Pope and Sanders Bernie Times 10 @BenjaminBell: RT Workers. Capitol Striking Joins Sanders NEWS: government US the but Walmart or McDonalds not is employer low-wage largest the when justice no is There @Reagan_Airport welcome hero's a to arrive Flight Honor female all first the aboard Veterans @Reagan_Airport: RT vote. to people for easier it make to possible everything doing be should we Day Registration Voter National On abortions certain prohibited have would that legislation block to voting after statement Sanders NEWS: Sequestration. on Statement Sanders NEWS: … @Sam_Frizell visit Francis' Pope of ahead workers Capitol striking joins Sanders Bernie @ryanbeckwith: RT bodies. own their control to country this in women of right the politicizing stop should Republicans … workers federal for increase wage a for call his amplify to Washington to visit pope's the using is Sanders Bernie @nytimes: RT Francis Pope about floor Senate the on speak will Sanders Sen. up: Coming inequal… economic to attention bringing Francis Pope about speaking floor Senate the on is Sanders Sen. arrives, pope the As @bridgetbhc: RT elections. of funding public to move and United Citizens overturn to got have we view, my in why, is that and rule, does Money to Francis Pope Welcomes Sanders NEWS: Watch: union. a and wage minimum $15 for calls Francis, Pope welcoming workers Capitol striking joins Sanders Sen. 8pmEST. at it Tune prices. drug skyrocketing and about talk to tonight @allinwithchris @MSNBC’s join will Sanders Sen. proposal: Sanders Sen. world. the in anywhere drugs prescription for prices highest the far, by pay, Americans Today, Watch: message. Francis's Pope on act to Congress on calls Sanders Sen. Francis. Pope about talking now @NewDay @CNN's on live is Sanders Sen. drugs. prescription lower for fights DC, to Francis Pope welcomes workers, with marches Sanders News: Today's wage. living a to wage minimum the raising by injustice this end to Congress for come has time The planet. the destroys that one not nature, with harmony in lives that system economic and social a for calling is Francis Pope about. be should life what not is money of worship the and money of accumulation the money, that saying is pope The embrace. should we that call a us issued has Francis Pope about all is Francis Pope what likes really Sanders Bernie @HuffingtonPost: RT embrace must we that challenge a us issued has Francis Pope Watch: about. be should existence human what not is money, of worship the and greed, that us reminded forcefully has Francis Pope work not does economics trickle-down that saying is Francis Pope to Francis Pope welcomes Sanders Sen. News: Today's Alike: Sounded Francis Pope and Sanders Bernie Times 10 world. this over all people teaching is Francis Pope that lessons profound very the examine would colleagues my of some that hope would I Congress: address Francis Pope Watch CNN on Congress to address Francis' Pope discuss will Sanders Sen. up: Coming @mitchellreports with MSNBC on is Sanders Sen. ET: PM 12:30 at up Coming Remarks Pope’s Applauds Sanders NEWS: history. modern in but today world the in only not leaders moral and religious important the of one clearly is Francis Pope greed. and unemployment poverty, inequality, wealth and income war, as such humanity facing issues major the of some address to us forces He world. the and country our in justice for struggle never-ending the of example wonderful a us gave pope the Day, Dorothy citing In Threat. Shutdown on Statement Sanders NEWS: Americans. from care health away take we demanding shutdown a of edge the to us taking again are Republicans Tax. Cadillac Stop to Bill Introduce Democrats Senate and Brown Sanders, NEWS: senses. their to come colleagues my hope I jobs. us cost and economy the disrupt will down government the Shutting address. @Pontifex's applauds Sanders News: Today's rights. women’s for fighting to commitment a means Feminism here: Watch @Thom_Hartmann. with on is Sanders Sen. now: Happening Resignation Boehner’s Speaker on Statement Sanders NEWS: worse. even get may it Boehner, Without people. American the with touch of out way is ideology Party's Republican The system. care health American the in bureaucracy of web the of example an are prices drug prescription Skyrocketing Drilling. Arctic on President to Letter Send Democrats and Whitehouse Sanders, NEWS: women. on attack Republican stop to votes Francis, Pope applauds workers, with marches Sanders Review: in Week The remarks Francis's Pope applauds Sanders Sen. poverty. in lived seniors of half nearly law, was it Before history. our in program government successful most the is Security Social listings: local your Check tomorrow. @FaceTheNation CBS on Sanders Sen. Watch drilling. more is needs environment our thing last the change, climate to due warming is planet our when time a At people. American the for medication on deals better get to power buying our use should We change. must That it. about anything do can't we &amp; night over tripled or double has drug a for price the find &amp; store drug a into go can You unacceptable. is That security. economic have moms single by headed families of 18% Only listings: local Check @FaceTheNation. CBS on Sanders Sen. watch morning This Congress: to address his in Francis Pope Street. Wall on take to prepared are you unless country this in made be to have that changes the make can't You … University Liberty at values the from different no issues, moral for fights he that says @SenSanders @FaceTheNation: RT debt. student class working off profiteering of business the of out government the get to need We -@olgakhazan Medication Expensive an of Cost True The Read: Must elections. buying billionaires about not is democracy American system. political our in role destructive very a playing are PACs Super politics: in money and affordability college about talk to Sunday @FaceTheNation joined Sanders News: Today’s earth. on country other any than jail in people more has States United the that reality tragic the end to need We beyond wealth have people of handful a where time a at living are We countries. developing in medicine affordable on chief trade to letter sends Sanders NEWS: Americans. all virtually of records phone of collection bulk the end and Agency Security National the in rein must We people. American the from care health away take we demanding shutdown, government a of edge the to us taking again once are Republicans senses. their to come colleagues Republican my hope I jobs. us cost and economy the disrupt will down government the shutting know We elsewhere. access cannot women many too care the provide clinics Parenthood Planned insurance health lack Americans of millions When health. women’s on attack an is Parenthood Planned for support off cut to Republicans by attempt The Chicago. of University the to returns Sanders Sen. News: Today’s care health for clinics its on rely who Americans million the punish would Parenthood Planned Defunding @_cingraham the in possession marijuana for arrested gets someone minute Every Read: Must marijuana. smoking for record criminal a with Americans young many so stigmatize we that obscenity an is It Watch: prices. drug prescription skyrocketing about floor Senate the on speak will Sanders Sen. up Coming people. American the to hazard health major a become has industry pharmaceutical the that secret no is It disaster. a been have results the and prices drug prescription regulate doesn't that earth on country major only the is The $750. for sold is it the in while pill, a cents 66 for Britain in sold be can drug exact same the that me to sense no makes It cancer. with diagnosed being for bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In Companies. Drug by Gouging Price Condemns Sanders NEWS: drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far by Americans charging are companies Pharmaceutical speech: Sanders' Sen. Watch suffering. are who Americans rip-off to continue companies drug let cannot We drugs affordable to access countries poor give to administration Obama urges Sanders News: Today's campaigns. their to contributors fuel fossil the about worrying stop to Congress tell to help your need We oligarchy. at looking are you parties political major two the of either than money more spends family one When it. ignore longer no can we and tragedy a is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black 4 in 1 place takes change when that's level, grassroots the at organize you When 2015! of Act Research the , Co-sponsoring for @SenSanders you! thank We @FacesOfAO: RT prices: drug prescription high investigates deal, trade Pacific bad against battle leads Sanders News: Today’s lobbying. and contributions campaign on year last million $250 over spent industry pharmaceutical The live: Listen EST. 10am at @OnPointRadio @WBUR’s join will Sanders Sen. up: Coming Livestream: LIVE: @OnPointRadio joins @SenSanders IN: TUNE @WBUR: RT http://t… @SenSanders jails.’ than rather people young for education and jobs in invest to want I — radical a as me ‘Count @OnPointRadio: RT @… money.’ enough have don’t they because engineer an or doctor a be can’t she or he that kid bright poor some tell ‘Don’t @OnPointRadio: RT billion. $170 by increase wealth their saw years, 2 last the in America in people wealthiest 15 the when justice no is there view, my In -B families. the to out go hearts Our killed. people innocent more with tragedy senseless Another Shootings: Oregon on Statement Sanders NEWS: slaughter. senseless of epidemic awful this to end an put to can we everything do must we nation, a As them. have not should who people by used being from guns prevents which legislation gun-control sensible need We begin. must policy good developing of work hard The end. must other each at shouting The Oregon: in shooting after laws safety gun sensible for calls Sanders News: Today’s world. the around problems devastating causing already is It activity. human by caused is It real. is change Climate over. is debate The slaughter. senseless of epidemic awful this to end an put and gun-control sensible pass to aggressively act must We -@RBReich Bunk Is Sanders Bernie on Attack Post's Washington the Why Read: Must universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It responsibility. moral our is medicine life-saving to access have countries poor in people sure Making control gun sensible for calls gouging, price for companies pharmaceuticals slams Sanders Review: in Week The disappearing. been has world, entire the of envy the once America, of class middle great the years, 40 last the Over religions great the of all in exists which vision a by motivated am I but being human perfect a from far far, am I savings. retirement no have 55-64 of ages the between workers of half Over ever. than important more is Security Social Today, -@Pontifex foreigners. once were us of most because foreigners, of fearful not are continent, this of people the We, departments police demilitarize to is job Our class. middle the out bail to turn Street’s Wall it’s Today oligarchy? political and economic into slide to continue we will or class billionaire the of power the on take to prepared we Are Syria: in zone no-fly American unilateral opposes Sanders News: Today’s corporations of CEOs the just not workers American of interests the promote that policies trade need We jobs. American cost and consumers hurt will that TPP disastrous the on forward move to decision the by surprised not but disappointed am I agreement. the defeat to can I that all do will I Senate, the In again. won have corporations big other and Street Wall system. check background instant strong very a need we means that and them have shouldn't who people of hands the in be not should Guns … politics in start his got he as 1980s, the in written Sanders Bernie of profile A @TheAtlanticPOL: RT respect. and dignity with retire can American every that so it expand to be must job Our Security. Social cut to be cannot job Our US. the across factories of thousands of tens closed &amp; jobs of millions cost have that China &amp; Mexico with deals trade failed follows @NewYorker. in profiled Partnership, Trans-Pacific opposes Sanders News: Today’s economy. the of collapse near the causing for jail to gone has executive Street Wall major one not that outrage an is It China. not America in jobs create that approaches new need We enough. is Enough policies. trade disastrous of continuation a is TPP The that. do to allowed be must they union, a join to right constitutional their exercise to want country this in workers If … union. a form to workers for easier it make to @SenSanders w/ Act Democracy Workplace the Introducing @repmarkpocan: RT … @SenSanders - so." do to allowed be must they union, a join to right their exercise to want workers "If @CWAUnion: RT … ~@SenSanders grows." America grows, class middle the when and grows class middle the grow, unions "When @repmarkpocan: RT wages. higher for bargain and unions join to workers for easier it make will Act Democracy Workplace The country. this in jobs union of number the increase substantially to got have we inequality, wealth &amp; income reducing about serious are we If union. a form can workers ensure to @repmarkpocan @NationalNurses @CWAUnion @GoodJobsNation join to Proud ht… bargain. collectively &amp; organize to right Renews @repmarkpocan. &amp; @SenSanders by introduced Act Democracy Workplace @NicholsUprising: RT strengthen can we @repmarkpocan @SenSanders w/ Together @DonaldNorcross: RT … @DonNorcross4NJ! @repmarkpocan @SenSanders workers, supporting for you Thank @GoodJobsNation: RT Rights Workers’ Strengthen to Legislation Introduce Pocan Sanders, NEWS: Rights Workers' for Fight Washington-Led Continue Pocan Rep. and Sanders Sen. @AFLCIO: RT harder. not unions join to workers for easier it make to is job Our unions. join to workers for easier it make to Act Democracy Workplace introduces Sanders News: Today’s well. does America grows, class middle the when And grows. class middle the grow, unions When grandchildren. our and children our for healthy and habitable is that way a in planet this leave to responsibility moral our is It Sanders Bernie Sen @Morning_Joe: on Tomorrow @JesseRodriguez: RT jail. to big too as executives Street Wall treats that system justice criminal a tolerate longer no can We wealth. nation’s the of only have but population our of 16% than more up make Latinos that acceptable not is It years. five next the over infrastructure our rebuilding in trillion $1 investing by jobs million 13 create can We -@RichardTrumka Workers American for Deal Bad a Is Partnership Trans-Pacific The Read: Must colleges. and churches our in shootings mass the and country our in violence gun by appalled am I … @thinkprogress via Unionize Workers More Help Would Bill New Sanders’ Bernie How @Teamsters: RT prosecuted. been has CEO Street Wall one not but marijuana, smoking for rates record near at arrested getting are people that obscene is It men. white to compared dollar the on cents 56 earn Latinas that unconscionable It's 1999: to country. our in power economic of concentration further to lead will Street Wall Deregulating Commissioner New Oppose to Sanders Industry, Rx to Ties Nominee’s FDA Citing NEWS: . to colleagues joins Administration, Drug and Food lead to nominee opposes Sanders News: Today’s TPP. disastrous the defeat and policies trade disastrous our end to movement union trade the with work will which movement a need We country? our of children the on backs our turn we when morality about talk we can How Gouging Price Drug Prescription Continued Denounce Cummings and Sanders NEWS: http:/… 1… in military’ the in ‘homos to referring for congressman GOP a ether Sanders Bernie Watch @ThisIsFusion: RT people. American the to hazard health public a is industry pharmaceutical the of greed The can. he because just prices unconscionable charging by medication lifesaving this on rely who patients the hostage holding is Shkreli Martin Pharmaceuticals: Turing slams union, a join to easier it make to bill a introduces Sanders Review: in Week The right. be would he And up. 'em break say would he today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If @HuffingtonPost - Fuels Fossil Up Propping Myths 7 The Demolishing Read: Must out. them bailed taxpayers the before year a were they than today larger 80% are Fargo Wells and America, of Bank Chase, Morgan JP Today, GDP. of 60% nearly to equal trillion, $10 nearly of assets have institutions financial huge 6 Just it. need they when need they help the get can people so country this in delivery health mental in revolution a need We shot. campuses college on people young and slaughtered schools elementary in children seeing embarrassed are we and tired are We energy sustainable to fuels fossil from away transition to India and Russia China, with work must We place. takes change when that's wage minimum the raising or rights gay it's whether level, grassroots the at organize you When already. saved been have would it bank a were environment the If us." over power alien an not and ourselves is government that forget never us "Let FDR: Americans. class working on back focus the put to banks largest those up break to need we and itself unto island an be cannot Street Wall -@nytimes House White the capture to efforts for money the half nearly provided have families 158 Just Read: Must oil. dirty very of transportation and excavation the encourage cannot you change, climate about serious you're If poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical terribly a is it believe don’t I unforgivable. and unsustainable That’s each. $30,000 of average an owed debt student with 2014 in graduated who People medicine. life-saving to access restricted Pharmaceuticals Turing whether into inquiry begins AG NY’s News: Today’s little. so have many so and much so have few so which by process casino-capitalist the of part myself consider not do I crisis. major a is That habitable. be not well may kids our leave we'll planet the change, climate of crisis global the address not do we If tax. speculation Street Wall a with tuition-free universities and colleges public attend country this in kids help to Street Wall want I inequality. income talk to today @TheEllenShow join to Sanders Sen. News: Today’s other. the is Guinea New Papua leave. maternity paid grant not does that two only of one is the countries, 185 of Out process political the in participate to people for easier it make to possible everything doing be should We world the in turnout voter highest the have to want we democracy, vibrant a in believe we If most. the it need that states in access voting expand help to critical is VRA The @splcenter: RT Security. Social cut, not expand, to be must job Our … 10pm! @ Friday @BillMaher with to returns @SenSanders ? to ready Who's @RealTimers: RT htt… law. bipartisan historically a , helped Republicans if reaction @SenSanders' be would this imagine We @civilrightsorg: RT -@AriRabinHavt: Crisis? Debt Phony a Concocting CBO the Is Why Read: Must politicians. from judgment or interference without doctor a with consultation in made be should pregnancy a end to decision The rich? super the and rich the represent only who candidates elect to used be will billions many How Security. Social of expansion for calls @TheEllenShow, joins Sanders News: Today’s -@Wonkblog: world the around others to compared off worse is class middle American The Read: Must banks. big the up break to have We Congress. regulates Street Wall Street, Wall regulate not does Congress expert: bipartisan by mainstream' 'quite called Security Social reform to plan Sanders's Bernie @gerrymullany: RT today. education college a of true is same The free. for education school high a get to able be should kid every said we ago years 100 corporations. and people rich from money for beg to have not and office for run to able be to people young want I … @SenSanders - profits." huge provide to not people, all for care quality provide to be should care health of function "The @RealTimers: RT http://… Countries Poor in Patents Drug of Waiver Back to @WTO &amp; US on Call @SenSanders Backs AHF @AIDSHealthcare: RT listings: local your Check morning. Sunday @ThisWeekABC, ABC's on Sanders Sen. Watch shadows. the of out America in people undocumented million 11 take to citizenship towards path a &amp; reform immigration comprehensive need We amounts. Surprising do? 1% the on taxes raising could What @nytimes: RT right. a as care health guarantee would system all for Medicare A insurance. health no have still Americans million 29 revolution. political a through is America transform really we way only The -@pontifex marginalized." and excluded themselves find people of "Masses citizenship. of right a as people its of all to care health guarantee not does that earth on country major only the be not should We debt. into going without college to go can American every that sure make can we Street, Wall out bail could we If dignity. with retire can everyone ensure must We all. at savings retirement no have 64 and 55 of ages the between workers of half than More vote. to registered automatically be should older or age of years 18 Anyone . expanding for pushes @ThisWeekABC, joins Sanders Sen. News: Today’s zero. provides US The leave. maternity paid of weeks 14 provides – rights human to comes it when model a as seen exactly not – China 2000. since shuttered been have factories American 60,000 than more deals, trade disastrous of result a As responsible. people the prosecuting not was crisis financial the after made government our mistakes biggest the of One losers. are Americans average the tails and wins Street Wall Heads rigged. is that economy an is have you What fuels. fossil from away system energy our transform and world the lead to responsibility moral a have We drugs. life-saving for prices raising companies pharmaceutical against push leads Sanders News: Today’s America. in people wealthiest the just not us, of all represents that government a creating means It democracy. means Socialism Democratic it. afford cannot they because college to go not do Americans young qualified many so that disgrace national a It's families. wealthy extremely of handful a by controlled and owned government a toward oligarchy, toward movement rapid a seen We've Change Climate on Claims Mobil Exxon into Probe for Calls Sanders NEWS: banks into offices post turn to plan sensible highly Sanders's Bernie @TheAtlantic: RT 1%. of one-tenth top the to class middle the from wealth of redistribution mass been has There @Huf… via research climate over Exxon by fraud" "potential investigate to DOJ wants Sanders Bernie @lbarronlopez: RT https:… workers injured protect to plan a for call @SenSanders incl. lawmakers investigation, @NPR + @ProPublica a Following @ProPublica: RT change climate about public the misleading for Mobil Exxon investigate to DOJ asks Sanders News: Today's planet. the of expense the at model business their protect to lied and change climate and fuels fossil about truth the knew Mobil Exxon leave family paid guarantee doesn't that country major only the is US the but values" "family about talk Republicans now: Apply Sanders? Bernie Sen. for intern to Want Sequestration: Budget to End Ceiling, Debt on Action for Calls Sanders NEWS: nurses. than lower rate tax effective an paying up end don't billionaires that so tax income progressive a need We class middle the in invest and bills our Pay Sanders: corporations. profitable and wealthy the from nothing ask and people vulnerable most the of backs the on budget the balance not do You Rico. Puerto on Treasury to Letter Sends Sanders NEWS: PM 8-9 Tonight @allinwithchris. MSNBC's on denial change climate Mobil's Exxon into investigation an for call his discuss Sanders Sen. Watch 11:35|10:35c Tonight @JimmyKimmelLive. ABC's on Bernie miss Don't disaster. a be would debt our on Defaulting clear: be Let’s now college free needs America Sanders: Bernie @washingtonpost: RT Exxon: of investigation for calls @washingtonpost, in affordability college on op-ed pens Sanders News: Today’s crimes. non-violent for destroyed been have lives many Too sentencing. minimum end to need We change climate about public misleading for Mobil Exxon Investigate Should DOJ Sanders: Sen. drugs" on war the end to need "we why Kimmel Jimmy tells Sanders Bernie @RollingStone: RT Watch: tuition-free. college public make to wants he why explains Bernie @npratc on tonight More stone!" a from blood get can't Street "Wall debt: Rico Puerto on Sanders Bernie Sen. @gallennpr: RT dollars. twelve of upwards cost could call phone fifteen-minute a that outrageous is It acted. @FCC the Glad security. for pay we price the be shouldn’t privacy to right and liberties civil Our leade… global a become must Rico Puerto energy" renewable about anything heard not have "i - question right the ask @SenSanders @nprcinc: RT Rico. Puerto Off Ripping Funds Vulture Slams Sanders NEWS: tuition-free. universities and colleges public make and past the of movement progressive the on build to time It's -@jamieson Temp Warehouse Amazon an of Death and Life The Read: Must it. accept didn't I Iraq. in war to going for case the about said others and Cheney Dick everything heard I 2002 In money. more even make can investors wealthy of handful a that so suffer to forced be not should Ricans Puerto class middle our rebuild to action bold for calls Rico, Puerto off ripping funds vulture slams Sanders News: Today's station. anyone’s of regardless all to available be should education An diploma. school high new the is degree college A stone. a from blood get cannot simply You -Bernie stone." a from blood get can they that believe not should Street "Wall Security. Social cut to efforts Republican resist must we year, a $12,000 of incomes on survive to trying are seniors of millions When little so have many so &amp; much so have few so that acceptable economically &amp; morally it's whether answer to have to going are we nation, a As -B history. recorded in hurricane strongest the endure they as need Mexico of people the everything provide to ready stands America upon. depend desperately families working and poor sick, children, elderly, the that programs cut not must We workweek 40-hour your back bring to wants Sanders Bernie @HuffingtonPost: RT ET 12PM &amp; 9AM at tomorrow @CNNSotu, CNN's on Sanders Sen. Watch corrupt. is system finance campaign our that and rigged, is system economic current our that understand people American The kids. their with time quality spend can they so vacation paid of weeks of couple a least at to right the have should dad a and mom A -@JustinWorland Economy Global the Wreck Could Change Climate Read: Must ET PM 12 &amp; AM 9 at today @CNNSotu, CNN's on Sanders Sen. Watch should? we way the children our educating aren’t we if country great a have we can How children. our with is America of future The more or 7% pay to forced are graduates college of millions but of rate interest an with loan auto an get can you that sense no makes It -@VP children." our of all for education public free of years 16 to commit to need "We legislation. homophobic simply was Act Marriage of Defense The Mobil: Exxon investigate to Justice of Department the asks Sanders News: Today’s oligarchy. into sliding is politically, and economically both country, our that much very worry I @latimes) (via research: change climate on skeptic to leader from went Exxon How @sierraclub: RT ET AM 11 at Today @TheView. on Bernie Watch colleges. public tuition-free need We ago. years 50 degree school high a of equivalent the is today degree college A wage. living a become must wage minimum The raised. be must which wage, starvation a is $ ET 9pm at in Tune Sanders. Bernie hosts @maddow Tonight, @bfouhy: RT donors. campaign wealthy just not us, of all to belongs country This tonight! Rachel with in-studio Sanders, Bernie @MaddowBlog: RT Earth. on country other any than jail in people more have we today America in Tragically, https:… hour. full the for @SenSanders see to tonight @PBS to in Tune studio! @charlierose the outside meeting chance A @CharlieRoseShow: RT leave. family paid with months 3 least at for baby newborn their with home stay to right the have should Parents VT. for grant transportation announces workers, with marches @TheView, joins Sanders News: Today’s government. the by collected being information that without call telephone a make to right a have People privacy. our violating without information personal and valuable most our defend must government The States United the in vote 15,000th his casts Vermont of Leahy Patrick Senator @SenatorLeahy: RT Vermont of people the to service of years many your on but votes 15,000 on only not @SenatorLeahy to Congratulations country. this of families working and class middle the by caused not was recession this know they because angry are people American The debt. loan student in trillion $ in drowning are Americans that unacceptable totally is It security. for pay we price the be shouldn’t privacy to right and liberties civil Our -@nytimes Away Melting Is Greenland read: Must matters. vote their think don't they When demoralized. become people When low. is turnout voter when win Republicans all. it have cannot they country this in billionaires the and America corporate tell and unions with stand to got We've prices. drug skyrocketing stop to fight leads bill, cybersecurity against votes Sanders News: Today’s elections. turnout voter low buys money big their when win Republicans out. come people when win Democrats Deal: Budget on Statement Sanders NEWS: nation. our confronting issues important most the on focus to time us gives deal budget two-year a view, my In eliminated. be should it US, the in creation job real for vehicle a become to reformed be cannot Bank Ex-Im the If https://… it legalize to states freeing drugs, dangerous of list federal from marijuana nixing propose will Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT deal big a be would proposal marijuana Sanders’ Bernie Why @Wonkblog: RT change. to got has That use. marijuana of result a as records criminal have they because destroyed lives their seen have Americans many Too change. climate on science overwhelming the rejects that party political major a have we that embarrassment an is It body own her control to right the have should woman no that is saying are they What values. family about talk candidates Republican of lot A drugs. illegal of list from marijuana removing for calls Islamophobia, against up stands Sanders News: Today’s drugs. outlawed of list government’s federal the off marijuana take to us for overdue long is time The https://t… column My leave. family paid backing by empathy show should) (&amp; could He time. family wanting for PaulRyan for Good @EJDionne: RT people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must do, we as goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society A penalty: death the to opposition his &amp; reform justice criminal discuss to floor Senate the to headed is Sanders Sen. system. justice criminal the into – color of people disproportionately – people many so pushing stop to time is It C-SPAN2 on LIVE – Reform Justice Criminal on .@SenSanders @cspan: RT punishment. capital end to States United the for now is time The Americans. other of murder the in involved be not itself should society, civilized democratic, a in State, The Reform. Justice Criminal on Speech Senate During Penalty Death to End for Calls Sanders NEWS: Reform Justice Criminal on remarks @SenSanders WATCH: @cspan: RT people. killing of business the in be should itself state the think don't just I today, world this in violence much so With revenge. of doctrine the beyond go must We Watch: system. justice criminal broken our fix to reforms for calls Sanders Sen. marijuana on prohibition federal &amp; penalty death to end for calls Sanders News: Today's minute. every one That’s arrests. possession marijuana 620,000 were there 2014, In need. and want they education the get to Americans ordinary for harder and harder it making are costs Rising dignity. in retire can American every sure make to Security Social expand to need We armies. oppressing like look not do they so departments police demilitarize must We penalty. death the eliminating in democracy major other every joining include must reform justice criminal Real mob." organized by Government as dangerous as just is money organized by Government that now know "We FDR: Monster! The from Halloween Happy jobs. decent-paying of millions create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to need we millionaires, to breaks tax giving of Instead America. in jobs decent-paying create and country this in re-invest to got has America corporate China, to jobs American sending of Instead NH. Lebanon, in grandchildren his of three with treats or trick Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT need. they education the get to Americans for harder it making are costs rising but college, through runs class middle the to pathway key A nation. our and people young our for tragedy a is That debt. auto-loan or card credit than debt student more have Americans done" things "got Sanders Bernie official, Vermont As @BostonGlobe: RT option. first a not resort, last a as force military use to need we world, the in military powerful most and largest the As Syria in ground the on forces special put to decision president's about skeptical Sanders News: Today's Shkreli Martin for bad and — Medicaid for good that's change a made deal budget The @voxdotcom: RT college. to kids their send to or care child afford can’t they yet jobs, three or two working are people country this over All ends. never that East Middle the in quagmire a in up caught gets again once States United the that is nightmare My top very the at people the to goes income the that is result the work, you hard how matter doesn’t it where economy rigged a in living We’re unacceptable. is That whites. will than marijuana using for arrested be to likely more much are Americans African extremism. that's body, own her control cannot she that woman a tell you When fuels fossil dirtiest the of excavation the prevent to can we all do to have we change climate combating about serious are we If vote. to opportunity and time the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election now @mitchellreports MSNBC's on Sanders Sen. Watch Act: Water Clean on Statement Sanders NEWS: clean. water our keep to efforts undermine to attempting are colleagues Republican my that unconscionable it find I benefits. Security Social expand to need we want, Republicans most as programs, disability or Security Social cutting of Instead bills. their pay to just jobs 3 or 2 work to forced are more many &amp; poverty in living are workers full-time of millions that disgrace a It's lands: public on drilling ban to @SenJeffMerkley w/ bill introduce will @allinwithchris, joins Sanders News: Today’s it. do won't just old same old same The society. American transform to people of millions of movement political a is now need we What Noon: at Live ground. the in fuels fossil keep to legislation climate major unveil @SenJeffMerkley and Sanders Sen. … Lands Federal on Development Fuel Fossil New All Ban to Wants Sanders Bernie Breaking: @MotherJones: RT @suzyji by extraction fuel fossil US curb to plan climate new launches .@SenSanders @LGamGam: RT … ground the in fuels fossil keep to @BillMcKibben w/@SenSanders NOW—Speaking LIVE @SenJeffMerkley: RT ground the in stay must fuels fossil world’s the of 80% century next the in 5-10° of increase temperature a avoid To children. your about more and contributions campaign your about less worry say I change, climate on science the reject who Republicans To warming. global reverse to act to responsibility moral a have We lands. public on fuels fossil more even extracting instead are we emissions, carbon cutting be should we when time a at that absurd is It 11/5. morning, Thursday conversation their hear to in Tune afternoon. this @SenSanders with talking out is .@NPRinskeep @MorningEdition: RT Land Public on Drilling New Ban to Bill Introduces Merkley Sanders, News: Ban Marijuana Federal Ending Proposes Sanders Bernie @WSJPolitics: RT people. ordinary for better life make to want not do brothers Koch The energy. sustainable to fuel fossil from away system energy our transform and industry fuel fossil the to up stand to have We lands. public on drilling new ban to bill introduce Merkley Sanders, News: Today’s year. this adjustment cost-of-living a receive not did veterans disabled and citizens senior of millions that unacceptable is It interests. special power­ful on take and walk the walk to got we've talk, the talk just can’t we change, cli­mate about ser­i­ous we're If Veterans: Seniors, for Benefits Critical Other and Security Social Boost to Legislation Introduce Senators NEWS: Worship: of Place American Native Protect Giveaway, Land Stop to Bill Drop Baldwin Sanders, NEWS: battlefield. the on earned has she or he that benefits and care the receives veteran last the until continues war of cost The now Keystone reject should Obama Sanders: Bernie @thinkprogress: RT : about Says Sanders Thought,' I Than 'Worse Deal Trade Bad NEWS: CEOs. just not families, working for work that country this in policies trade need We . the defeat to can I everything do will I down. it tear not class, middle disappearing the rebuild to need We law. the broke they true, it's If profits. their protect to change climate about lied Exxon suggests evidence The https://t… firm. mine foreign a to gave Congress that lands Apache ceremonial back take to want Baldwin Tammy and @SenSanders @mmcauliff: RT homes. their heating or medicine food, between choose to have not should America in citizens Senior rights. sovereign their of ahead put profits corporate seen have sisters and brothers American Native our often Too legislation? marijuana for come finally point tipping the Has @nytopinion: RT . opposing continues inquiry, for called Sanders after investigation under ExxonMobil News: Today’s unacceptable. is That indebtedness. personal of source second-largest the now is and debt card credit surpassed has debt Student . kill to decision the applaud strongly I fuel. dirtiest the of some of transportation and excavation the support to insane It's project. this kill to decision president's the applaud strongly I 1, Day from to opposition the led has who someone As 13: Nov. by Apply Sanders? Sen. for interning in interested Vermonter a you Are 1%. top the just than rather Americans of majority vast the of needs the represents that government a having means socialism Democratic democracy. undermining are They coward. political a is voting, from people keep to tries intentionally who vote, the suppresses who Anybody turnout. voter large a produces which and momentum and excitement generate which campaigns run we unless win not will Democrats view, my In vote to ability the seniors &amp; color of people people, low-income denying intentionally is which suppression voter absurd this end to have We us. protect to line the on lives their put who those protect to can we everything do we that be must it anything for stands country our If incarceration. and jails than rather people young our for education and jobs in invest to want I country. this in victory progressive every of forefront the at were women know we history, through back look we As people." elderly treats it how by judged also a of quality "The Francis: Pope job. another get should they election, free a face can't Republicans the If lose. to going are they war a is this that ensure must We women. against war a waging is country this in right-wing The mistake: no Make interests. money big on dependent not are future the in candidates that so elections of funding public toward move to got have We government in work can what of emblem powerful a is service postal the save to crusade Sanders' News: Today's xenophobia. is That country. the of out them throwing and people of millions up rounding about talk to value American an not is It Friday: by application your finish you sure Make Sanders? Sen. for intern to Want place. takes change when that's level grassroots the at organize you When -Staff position. the for considered be to order in application the of sections all complete must You .@MartinShkreli https:/… great America makes what of part is Office Post the why or — prosaic the for passion Sanders's warrior:Bernie Postal @Reinlwapo: RT bankruptcy. in out come not should you hospital, the to go you When care. health access to able be should you sick, you’re When -@Karl_Ritter 2030 by Poverty Extreme Into Million 100 Over Push Could Change Climate Read: Must decision. United Citizens disastrous the of result a as corrupt is system finance campaign Our elections. buy to able be should billionaires other and brothers Koch the that mean not does It vote. one person one means Democracy country. this in people incarcerating by profits making be not should Companies union. a and $15 demand to today strike on workers of thousands the with stand I persecution. fleeing those of protector a as US the of role historic the shirk cannot We oppressed. the for haven a been always has America workers striking with stands Sanders News: Today’s planet. habitable and healthy a children our leave and change climate combat to responsibility moral a have We it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift to got has job a 2015, year the In … -@SenSanders wage! living a deserve living a for work who country this in People @GoodJobsNation: RT Hill Capitol on rally wage minimum holds @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT … ! their in workers contract federal with standing for @SenSanders you Thank @GoodJobsNation: RT Spending Defense Increasing Against Votes Sanders NEWS: Ruling Immigration on Statement Sanders NEWS: families. separating not families, uniting about be should policy immigration American pay: over workers Capitol rallies Sanders Bernie Sen. rain, the In @AP_Politics: RT country. the of out them throw and – years for US the in been have whom of many – poeple of millions up sweep not should and cannot We wage! living a to raised be to got has It wage. starvation a is wage minimum federal hour an $ The worker. average the than more times 300 nearly makes now CEO average The union a and wage minimum $15 a demand to yesterday the joined Sanders News: Today's year. the of day every veterans our for care to commit must we us, defend to lives their risk who women and men brave the honor we as Today, bigotry. and racism of forms all to no say and people one as together stand we when nation stronger a becomes America NH. Lebanon, in parade Day Veterans a in marches Sanders Bernie @danmericaCNN: RT us. defended who those on backs our turn ever, or now, not do we that means it anything, means country of love or patriotism If families. their and veteran every for provide to promise our keep to obligation moral a have We war. to go not do you then veterans your of care take to afford can't you If veterans? our help to afford can't we but taxes income federal pay not to corporations major 4 in 1 allow to afford can we that it is How prescribed. they're drugs the afford cannot they because dying cases some in and sicker much becoming are Americans change. to got has That properly. function don’t that systems weapons outdated into money pour to continues budget Pentagon bloated The shadows. the in living people million 11 the for citizenship to pathway a make to duty moral our is it immigrants, of nation a As debt. in living without college to go can American every that ensure to fight must We right. a is education Higher inspired @SenSanders how Read @DaniDougPost: RT democracy. American to danger real a is This States. United the in oligarchy to road the up opened has United Citizens blunders policy foreign worst our of one Iraq, in did we like quagmire another in involved get doesn't US the sure make to can I all do I'll tuition free of support in marches staged colleges hundred a over at students Sanders, by Inspired News: Today's now. system energy our transform to action bold take must We change. climate about nothing did we why wonder grandchildren our let cannot We Organize Workers Let to Contractor Senate Tell Leaders Senate Sanders, NEWS: enough! is Enough poorer. becoming else everyone almost and richer, getting richest the seeing are we today, America In http… tactics. anti-union coercive its end to cafeteria Senate runs that contractor urge Senators Dem of dozens &amp; Sanders @greenhousenyt: RT workers cafeteria Senate for bat to goes Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT body. own her control to right woman's a preserve must We poverty. in living be not should Senate the in time full working Employees stop. to got has It Americans. killing is industry pharmaceutical the of greed The wrong. very are we results, different bring to going is agreements, old the as principles same the on based deal, trade new a think we If it afford cannot they because need they care the getting skip or bankrupt go should one No -@laura_ungar Americans rural on preys Cancer late: too Found Read: Must vulnerable most and poor the upon overwhelmingly fall that impacts change climate severe most the prevent to responsibility moral a have We debt. student high outrageously of because car or home first their buy to afford can't graduates college of millions that unacceptable It's babies. newborn their with home stay to afford can't they because work to back forced are parents new of millions that unconscionable It's today. hour per $16 than more be would it productivity, with pace kept had wage minimum the If government. the not make, to doctor her and woman the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The already. saved been have would it bank a were environment the If leave family paid for support his highlights &amp; refugees Syrian banning opposes Sanders News: Today's fear. fighting xenophobia, fighting racism, fighting – Americans be is that and best do we what do must We here: live Watch AM. 10 at today nominee commissioner FDA new on hearing the attend will Sanders Sen. II War World of eve the on refugees Jewish of thought Americans What @washingtonpost: RT here: live Watch ET. PM 1 at @YahooNews on @katiecouric with talk will Sanders Sen. companies. pharmaceutical to up stand will who FDA the at leader a need We need. they drugs purchase to afford can't Americans of Millions Ties: Pharma Deep With Nominee FDA Questions Sanders NEWS: less. for drugs same exact the buy to Americans allowing Canada, from drugs import to authority the has FDA .@sam_baker prescription. that fill to afford cannot they if good any anyone do not does drug prescription saving life a clear: be Let’s history. recent in commissioner FDA any than pharma to ties deeper has Califf Dr. medicine. for prices outrageous pay to have they because need they food the buying not and dying are People terrorism. international fight to used is money that of 10% than less significantly yet, military the on year a billion $600 over spend We direction. wrong the in gone has redistribution this is problem The wealth. of redistribution massive a been has there years 30 last the In Plan Power Clean Repeal to Effort on Statement Sanders NEWS: planet. our than contributions campaign with concerned more are Republicans that reminder a is Plan Power Clean the block to vote Today’s change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse Republicans exceptions few with that embarrassment an is It world this from ISIS of stain the eliminate will that ISIS against campaign organized an in world the unite to time the is Now tuition-free. college to go kids our help and class middle the out bail to turn their It's Street. Wall out bailed We war. to them send don't veterans, our of care take to expensive too is it think you If development &amp; research than marketing and sales on more spent and year last profits in billion $57 made companies pharmaceutical 4 top The families. for work Congress make can we up, speak people When donors. and lobbyists to respond politicians involved, not are people the When industries. those in workers the protecting also while fuel fossil from away system energy our transform boldly to have We about. be to supposed is country this what destroying be will we refugees, on backs our turn we If … going we're what not it's And are. we who not That's values. deepest our betray would refugees of face the in door the Slamming @POTUS: RT people. a as are we who lose to going not we’re say to nation enough strong a are we But barbaric. and disgusting was Paris in saw we What security. economic include must freedom Real airports. and rail, bridges, roads, – infrastructure crumbling rebuilding jobs million 13 to up create would that legislation have We drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far by pay we result, a As lose. never companies drug The corrupt. respects, many in but, unfair grossly only not is which system political our reform must we that means Socialism Democratic rules. the by play doesn’t Street Wall that obvious becomes it fraud, is model business their when Congress, regulates Street Wall When system. democratic a not that's vote, don’t people young of 80% and vote don’t people of 63% When world. the from ISIS of stain the eliminate to effort international an need We ! that world the shows @SenSanders 's @MoveOn: RT top the for treatment special in believe don't I Constitution. the undermining by ISIS destroy not will We bigoted. and outrageous is statement Trump's Donald leaders. political major from coming words racist hear to continue to us for died have people many too and suffered have people many Too … percent 90 bottom the as much as have percent top The right: is Sanders Bernie @MaxEhrenfreund: RT wealthy. very the just not all, for works that economy an create must we that means socialism Democratic income-@Carolynyjohnson household median the than more cost now drugs Specialty Read: Must all. at sense no makes That drivers. truck or nurses than lower rate tax effective an pay Billionaires debate. the into racism inject to process political the using be not should People wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to have We poverty. in live shouldn't you week, a hours 40 work gonna you're If embarrassment. an is That privilege. a not right, a as people all to care health guarantee doesn't that country major only the is US The kids. her of care take to money enough earning be should mom single a that say to idea radical a not is It interests. money big the to listening It's people. American the to listening isn't Congress system finance campaign corrupt a of result a As that. doing in jobs create to going they're and goods buy to going they're people, working of hands the into money put we When right. be would he And banks." big the up "Break say? he'd what know you today, alive were Republican, good a Roosevelt, Teddy If tragedy. unspeakable an is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black four in One earth. on country major any of poverty childhood of rate highest the have not should we today, America In it expand be should We Security. Social cutting about talking be shouldn't we savings, in $10,000 than less have Americans of half over When streets. the on out sleep veterans while super-yachts, their of size the to as compete billionaires which in nation a accept not must We -@ezraklein this like them treat wouldn’t we mothers, valued really America If Read: Must poverty. in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works somebody if that say to idea radical a not is It Merger Pfizer-Allergan Condemns Sanders NEWS: drugs prescription for world the in prices highest the pay already who Americans for disaster a be would merger This 1999. in was it than less $4,100 is income, family median America, in Today, inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not We Twitter! on followers million 1 our of one being for Thanks win. we fight and up stand people of millions When value family a isn't that child that with home stay to afford cannot they because school to child sick their send to forced is parent a When dodge tax Pfizer block to administration Obama on calls Sanders News: Today's worse. get only will and oligarchy is That GOP. or Democrats the either than campaign this on money more spend will brothers Koch The https:/… Sanders. Bernie rating: highest with Sen doing. are sens their job the of approve they whether people 76k asked We @ConsultReid: RT 83% of rating approval an with America in senator popular most the is Sanders NEWS: Security Social cut not expand, must We income. their of all virtually for Security Social on depend citizens senior of third a than More children. newborn their with home stay to allowed are parents new when is value family real A suffer. economy the and people American the leave, sick paid mandatory without country developed only the is States United the When bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed are corporations that absurd is It apart. them tear not families, unite that policies enact must We shadows. the in live to continue who Americans aspiring the forget can't We end. must that and abuse sexual and violence domestic from suffering still are women and girls many Too have? should country this economy of kind the is that that think anybody Does 1%. top the to goes today generated income new all of 99% time. our of issue political and economic moral, great the is inequality income and wealth of issue The century. 21st the of issue rights civil the be must reform justice Criminal officers. police by Americans African of killing the to end an putting be must piece first The socialist. than pragmatic more was Sanders Bernie mayor, As @nytpolitics: RT powerful. too just are banks big The Congress. regulates Street Wall Street, Wall regulate not does Congress Roosevelt Delano Franklin -President want." from freedom is freedom third "The better. deserves country our values, these On families. our of lives the improve and family of bonds the strengthen values family Real lucky. so be will families all not that fact the on reflect should we today, thanks give to ones loved our with gather we As care. health without Americans of millions of tens leave to unjust and immoral It's system. justice criminal broken our of indictment clear a is behavior illegal their for Street Wall on crooks the prosecute to failure The year. a $9,400 of average an college to kids sending families middle-class save can we speculators, Street Wall taxing By leave. medical and family paid of weeks twelve least at guaranteed be should America in worker Every combined. Americans of 42% bottom the than wealth more own Walmart of family Walton The fact. a is That tonight. kids their feed gonna they're how know not do who today families of millions have You Shooting Parenthood Planned Colorado on Statement Sanders NEWS: consequences. unintended have can rhetoric bitter that realize people hope and work its and Parenthood Planned support strongly I done things get to Republicans with hands joined Sanders Bernie mayor, a As @NYTNational: RT power. or wealth their of regardless all, for works that system criminal-justice a have we that confidence people give must We suffering. human on back our turn cannot just we that conclusion the to me leads belief that And people. one and world one are We … vote @HuffPostPol via … ban marijuana federal ending bill introduces Sanders Bernie @BigBoi: RT should. they taxes the pay finally market the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most " all at profit of logic the us taught has capitalism "Rampant Francis: Pope citizenship. to pathway a Americans aspiring gives that reform immigration in believe and prejudice and nativism to appeals despise I sentencing. mandatory-minimum with away do and jails running of business the of out corporations get to is goal My plan: My economy. the help will that jobs new of millions create and infrastructure our modernize must We need. they medication life-saving the take to afford cannot they because die will they that fear in live to have not should Americans Americans. ordinary against stacked are country this of systems political and economic The infrastructure. crumbling our rebuilding into trillion $1 investing by jobs good-paying million 13 create can We poverty. in live children our of millions while soaring are profits Corporate economy. rigged a in living are We -@susanberfield Workforce Massive Its on Eye an Keeps Walmart How Read: Must benefits. expand must We veterans. disabled and elderly the for benefits Security Social cut not will we No, Republicans: tell must We engineer! combat female first America's becoming on Anderson Skylar Spc. Congratulations industry. fuel fossil the from get they contributions the not kids, their leave will they planet the about worrying start must Republicans ISIS. fight to region the in countries Muslim the of participation strong the including coalition broad a together put to need We ignore. longer no can we that damage severe causing and man-made real, is change Climate clearer. be not could community scientific The Drugs: Affordable Demands Sanders , On NEWS: live. to need they drugs the afford can people so Americans, off ripping is that industry pharmaceutical the on take must We lowered. be must rates interest loan Student programs. loan student on billion $1 over makes government federal the when wrong morally is It Says Sanders Change, Climate on Lead Must NEWS: drugs. affordable to access is crisis the problem, scientific a longer no is AIDS with those for caring in problem biggest The Watch: budget. GOP the to opposition Democratic the lead to floor the on speak will Sanders Sen. up Coming C-SPAN2 on LIVE - Care Health on .@SenSanders @cspan: RT privilege. a not right, a care health make to ACA the on expand should we insurance, health off Americans million 17 throwing of Instead needs. she care health the gets country this in woman every that so it expanding be should we Parenthood, Planned defunding of Instead Budget Republican Slams Sanders NEWS: change. demand to nation whole a inspired Parks Rosa bus, the of front the at down sitting By United. Citizens overturn must We elections. buy to able be not should billionaires and millionaires America, In suicide." of limits the at are "we act we unless that and worse getting is change climate said he when right was pope The tuition-free. be should universities and colleges Public debt. of mountain burdensome a with school leave students our let cannot We industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everyone, for work that policies drug prescription enact to time is It -@Carolynyjohnson headlines’ the whatever … position our hold ‘Let’s price: its got drug $84,000 an How Read: Must … Children Our for Planet the Preserving Than Money Koch About More Care Candidates GOP Sanders: Bernie @BonnieNorthGP: RT … floor Senate the on Parenthood Planned for stand powerful a took just Sanders Bernie @micnews: RT Americans of millions to care health critical provides which Parenthood, Planned against witch-hunt the end must Republicans bodies own their control to ability the have women sure make and Parenthood Planned on war the stop must We stop. must violence gun senseless and sickening This country. this in occurrence almost-everyday an becoming are shootings Mass end. must It US. the in levels epidemic reached has violence Gun year. this shooting mass 355th the was shooting Bernardino San The them. have not should who people by used being from guns prevents that legislation sensible need We owners. gun of majority vast the and people American the of 90% by supported is that something – checks background universal need We magazines capacity high of sale the end to need We ban. weapons assault the renew to need We streets. the off guns illegal get to need they tools the enforcement law give and crime federal a trafficking gun make to need We now. act must Congress legislation. safety gun support people American the of majority vast The loophole. show gun the close to need We guns. obtain to stalkers and abusers domestic allow that loopholes close to need We gun. a buying from prohibited people of behalf on dealers licensed from guns buy who purchasers straw for penalties strengthen to need We it. need they when need they help get can families and individuals so capabilities health mental our improve and expand greatly must We Legislation Safety Gun Common-Sense for Calls Sanders NEWS: bodies their control to right the women deny to want who people by campaign smear long-term a of part is Parenthood Planned of defunding The day. every and each lives their impacting are that problems real the addressing not is Congress because angry are people American The insurance? health off Americans million 17 throws that bill a debating we are why country, our facing crises major are there When money. enough have not did they because filled prescriptions their get not did – people million 35 – Americans five in one nearly year, Last day. every Americans impacting are that problems real the addressing not is Congress that is angry are people American the why reason The Canada. from drugs prescription affordable and safe import we can't why Mexico, from lettuce import can we If Actions Executive Immigration Obama’s Supporting Brief Amicus File Democrats Congressional Sanders, NEWS: Americans. aspiring defend to authority president’s the support will Court Supreme the that confident am I https:… wildlife! &amp; lands water, air, our on attacks against standing for TY @SenSanders @Earthjustice: RT 1999. in was it than less $4,100 is income family median disappear, to continues class middle the as America, in Today taxes. of share fair their paying start to have they that class billionaire the and Street Wall tells that budget a need We incarceration. and jails more not education, and jobs in invest to need we 50% or 40 or 30 at is underemployment and unemployment youth When idea. radical a not is That doctor. a see and care health access to able be should you sick, are you When need. they help the get can people all so treatment health mental in revolution a need We addiction. opiate in crisis major a have We days. dark those to back go cannot We insurance. health lacked they because year every died Americans 45,000 ACA, the of passage the Before welfare. polluter end must we planet, out protecting about serious are we If planet.” our of future the than important less are profits term short your "Sorry, industry: fuel fossil the to say must We Francis Pope - impunity." with harmed and waste laid pillaged, being is home common "Our ever. not now, Not drilling. offshore new no be must There country. the of out them throw and years, for here been have whom of many people, of millions up sweep not should and cannot We East. Middle the in warfare perpetual in trapped be not should and cannot We Address Office Oval Obama on Statement Sanders NEWS: coalition. international an with destroyed be will ISIS right. is Obama President people. free a us make that rights constitutional the undermine to division and fear allow not do we that essential it's ISIS, destroy we As planet. the protecting than Shell and BP Exxon, of profits the protecting about concerned more is that Party Republican a have now we Sadly, change. climate fight to action take to harder it make who Friends money? their all for exchange in get industry fuel fossil the does What change. climate on progress block to candidates buying dollars of billions spends industry fuel fossil The Year the of Person TIME for poll readers’ wins Sanders Bernie @TIME: RT polluters. of profits the before people put and energy clean to transition our accelerate billionaires, fuel fossil the on take to time It’s unthinkable. is emergency climate serious a face we when time a at Refuge Wildlife National Arctic the and Circle Arctic the in Drilling origin. of country or orientation sexual gender, race, on based us divide to attempted have history our throughout Demagogues Muslims. all hate to us want others and Trump Now, us. divide to xenophobia and racism allow we when nation weak a are We together. stand we when nation great a is States United The drilling. offshore ban must we emissions, carbon cutting and change climate combatting energy, of cost the lowering about serious we're If ground. the in fuels fossil of majority vast the leave must We consequences. cataclysmic experience we'll fuels fossil burning keep we If ET. 9pm show, night's tomorrow on Maddow Rachel joins Sanders Bernie Senator @MaddowBlog: RT jobs. new find industry fuel fossil the in families working help to responsibility moral a have we energy, renewable to transition we As Package Jobs Energy Clean Major Introduces Sanders NEWS: choose. to right the regarding discussion of lot a be not would there babies, to birth gave men If serve. they communities the like look departments police make to need We guns. have not should airplanes on flying from barred are who People change. climate stop to action bold take must We irresponsible. &amp; dangerous is hearing denial climate .@SenTedCruz's earns. man a dollar every for cents 79 earn women that unacceptable is It workers. women for equity pay ensure will that budget a need We emissions. gas greenhouse cutting are that technologies in invest to us for time is It energy clean to transition our accelerates &amp; billionaires fuel fossil the on takes that action climate for time It’s jobs. clean-energy new to transition workers fuel fossil help to act must we system, energy our transform we As alone it do cannot we means That past. the of lessons the learn to have we but ISIS, destroying in can we as aggressive as be to got have We guns. have not should terrorists potential or terrorists that understand to hard very it's think don't I up. us divide to trying is Trump Donald Now issues. real the from away attention divert to trying demagogues had we’ve history Throughout … answered: he one the Here's Sanders. Bernie for questions had readers .@nytopinion @nytopinion: RT drug. that afford cannot it need who people the if good no does drug life-saving A itself. democracy for struggle the from inseparable is It justice. for fight a is rights voting minority for fight The bankruptcy in emerge shouldn't you hospital the to go you When year. last bills medical their paying trouble had Americans million 50 Nearly end must It families. of thousands of hundreds separating of policy unjust the in resulted has machine deportation &amp; detention immigrant The with. deal must we issue an is This poverty. in living are children African-American of 36% poverty, in living people million 47 have We families. working to back money that bring to got We've 1%. top the to 99% the from wealth of transfer massive a been There's all. to available education make &amp; America in reinvest to have We Islands. Cayman the in money their stash to allowed be cannot Corporations end. must class middle American the against war the and greed corporate that clearly and loudly say to time is It respond. must world The backs. their on clothes the just with Iraq and Syria fleeing are who people from away turn cannot We pregnancy. unwanted an end to lives their risk to had women when days the to back going not are We https://… pollution with overburdened communities helping on light a shining bill, your for TY @SenSanders @Earthjustice: RT 2010 Cuts Tax on Filibuster @SenSanders : @cspan: RT Percent 80 Emissions Carbon Cut to Bill Introduces Sanders NEWS: carbon. on price a put is that and must we us tell economists many what do we that vital absolutely is it change climate combat To tonight plans have don't you Hope families. working defend to straight hours for stood Sanders Sen. when to @Se… And debt: student collect to Security Social garnishing from feds ban would bill .@RonWyden @alliegrasgreen: RT Bear. Bernie the meets Bernie security. cut--social expand--not must we poverty, in living be to men than likely more are women elderly when time a At bank. or corporation large a of head the is who somebody to power political in equal way no in is year a $12,000 making person working A Islamophobia. to succumb and divided be to ourselves allow not will We racism. to succumb cannot we Americans, as times difficult During pollution. increased subsidizes that welfare polluter end to need we change, climate of threat the with dealing about serious we're If saying? is community scientific entire the what ignore to be we can irresponsible How album? @WuTangClan million $2 that for pay you did How .@MartinShkreli: @OversightDems: RT companies. fuel fossil from dollars of billions receive They Simple. change? climate of reality the acknowledge to refuse Republicans do Why poor. be to expensive very is it today, America in Sadly, privilege. a not right, a be should care health world the of history the in country richest the in that idea radical a it’s think don’t I … families class lower and working help to it use and taxes carbon from money the take to wants Sanders Bernie @nowthisnews: RT bribery. legalized to amounts &amp; system political the control increasingly to interests special &amp; billionaires enabled has United Citizens wrong. morally is This decade. next the over programs loan student on profit in billion $110 make will government federal The now. action bold need We crisis. in is planet The enough. far near nowhere goes it forward step a is the While people. American the to listening started Congress that time is it industry, pharmaceutical the of demands the to listening of Instead fuels. fossil from away system energy our transforms that legislation for fight and industry fuel fossil the to up stand to got We’ve embarrassment. an It's travesty. a That's parents. new for off time paid guarantee doesn’t that world the in nation major only the are We planet. the of future the about than industry fuel fossil the from contributions in interested more much is which Party Republican a have We jail. to path a on people putting than cheaper lot helluva a is college to go to path a providing day, the of end the At 1%. top the just not us of all for works that economy an create is do to need we What economy. our destroying is Greed unacceptable. is That prison. in time spending of chance four in one a stands today born male black a system, the change not do we If hungry. go America in children while all, it have cannot people few a And country. our destroying is greed, unquenchable Greed, process. political entire the control to able are they until satisfied be not will They enough. good not is billion $100 Kochs, the For now. act must We unacceptable. is That again. happening from violence senseless this prevent to nothing done has Congress Since drilling. offshore ban must we then change, climate combatting and independence energy toward oil beyond moving about serious are we If value? family a that Is vacation. paid a workers guarantee doesn’t that world, entire the in nations 13 only of one are We healthcare best the get them help to responsibility moral a have we believe I country, our defend to line the on lives their put people When Iraq. and Syria of out get we how about talking still we're later, years 30 or 20 that is nightmare My that? about radical What's income. of regardless education an get to able be should people Young East. Middle the in warfare perpetual in involved ourselves getting without ISIS defeat can We society. Orwellian an to moving we're worry I rights. constitutional our undermining without people our protect can we strongly believe I war. the fight to off sent we who women and men the of care taking is so war, of cost a are guns and tanks and planes as Just table. the on food put to week a hours 60 or 50 working be to have shouldn't people world the of history the in country richest the In -@daisyhernandez Latinos Targets Move Latest Bro's Pharma Read: Must poverty. to response a as prisons using stop to need We free. us make which rights privacy and constitutional the undermining without that do can we but safe, country our keep must We people. vulnerable of protector a as US the of role historic the shirk cannot We oppressed. the for haven a been always America's poor. or rich are you whether of regardless care health to right a have You government. the not make, to doctor her and woman a for decision a remain must abortion about decision The rapists. or criminals or terrorists as people entire label to continue cannot We counterproductive. is fears people’s on Playing PM 12:30 at @mitchellreports MSNBC's on is Sanders Sen. Watch: others. and Trump Donald from coming rhetoric racist and xenophobia the combat to way, every in can, I everything do to intend I families. working for news bad is rates interest raise to decision Reserve’s Federal The Sanders: Sen. ago. years 7 Street Wall out bail to did it as class middle disappearing the rebuild to urgency of sense same the with act should Fed The together. stand all we which in nation a build to time is It bigotry. religious end to time is It enough. is enough say to time is It hatred. this promote who those to “no” say to hatred, anti-Muslim condemn to Americans all and life public in us of all on calling am I elections. buy billionaires where politics corrupt by place in held and rigged is system The 1%. top the to flows wealth new Most Mitchell: Andrea with policy foreign talks &amp; families working for news bad hike rate Fed calls Sanders News: Today's penalty. death the to no saying in earth on country industrialized Western, other every almost join to States United the for time It's Finds Report New Billion, $ Taxpayers Cost Prices Drug Generic Skyrocketing NEWS: disaster. unmitigated an been have results the and prices drug prescription regulate doesn't that country major only the is US The region. the into alone going US the see to want don't I repeated. that see to want don't I mistake. horrendous a was Iraq of invasion The from. come we that country the or religion our by up us divide demagogues let not Let's privilege. a not and all, of right a is healthcare that recognize and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The them. for education and jobs found we time it’s maybe people, young our up locking of instead strongly, very this feel I and view, my In it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job a 2015, year the In 99%. the for work economy our make must We 1%. top the to gone has income new all of 58% than more 2008, of crash Street Wall the Since wage. living a to raised be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The Package Spending Opposes Sanders NEWS: else. everyone of expense the at wealth and power class's billionaire the expands that package spending another afford can't we is truth The 1%. the just not Americans of majority vast the for work systems economic and political rigged our make that legislation pass must Congress issue. moral and economic this address must We disappearing. been has world, entire the of envy the once America, of class middle great The class. middle the of foundation the as seen is it Today “socialist.” as described originally was wage minimum The sense? makes that think Anyone 1928. since time any at than inequality wealth and income more have we today, States United the In family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are people words, other In security. economic without occur not does freedom True poor." the for individualism rugged and rich, the for socialism has country “This said: he when right was Jr. King Luther Martin idea. good a are wages low thinks He idea. good a is America in wage minimum low a thinks Trump Donald that Understand control. have people of handful a where oligarchy, political and economic an toward rapidly quite moving is that country a in living are We confronted. be to got have guys These States. United the of economy the destroying is Street Wall and America corporate of greed The people. among support vast is there about talking I’m that issue every almost on but radical very very, be to considered been have I know I support. American with ISIS destroy to troops and money contribute to plate the to up step to got have Qatar and Arabia Saudi like Countries exist. to big too they're fail to big too they're If out. them bailed we when than today larger are banks largest the of four of out Three civilians. of hands the in not are people kill to military the by designed weapons that see to got have we view, my In it? about doing you are what poorer, getting I'm richer, much getting are rich the saying they're and Washington, at looking are People men. to compared dollar the on cents 79 making be not should Women workers. women for equity pay need We America. of structure power the in changes need We confronted. be to got They've economy. our destroying is America corporate of greed The region. the in stability more and future better a to leads that way a in it do we sure make must We ISIS. destroying just cannot We Americans. of millions of lives the destroying is and economy this destroying is Street Wall of greed The speculation. Street Wall on tax a imposing by universities and colleges public to tuition free provide to going are We system. justice criminal broken very a reform to need We country. our facing problems the solve to going not is minorities Scapegoating up. broken be to got They've economy. the to threat a is Street Wall sense. make doesn't dictator the of rid get you after day the happens what about worrying without change Regime establishment. that of part be not and establishment the on take to have you when time a comes There everybody. by liked be to want not do I Fed the Fix Street, Wall In Rein To Sanders: Bernie Sen. process. political the influencing heavily are billionaires and millionaires which in system finance campaign corrupt a got We've billionaires. of full hand the just not and us, of all to belongs government Our Street. Wall on take to going am I because families working by supported and liked be to want I everybody. by liked be to want not do I Drug Life-Saving on Discount Secures Vermont Investigation, Sanders Following NEWS: corrupt. is which system finance campaign a have We East. Middle the of quagmire the in warfare perpetual in involved us get not does but ISIS destroys that policy foreign new a want I activity. criminal a not disease, a is Addiction college. to go to able be will you income, family's your of regardless hard, study you if that kid every to out go to word the want I do. must we things important most the of one system justice criminal our reforming consider I unacceptable. is That whites. of rate the times six at imprisoned are Blacks out. them cast not families, and children protect to steps take to need We oppressed. the for refuge a been always has nation Our family! Sanders the from Christmas Merry up. us divide and fears on play to trying is Trump class. middle the hurt who've powerful the on take to together people bring must We from. come we where or race by us divide to them allow not country, this facing issues real the address to together stand we believe I right? a as people all to care health guarantee not does that earth on country major only the is today States United the that it is Why doctor. the to go to afford can't more millions and insurance health no have still Americans million 29 crisis. care health major a have We that? is sense What percent. 3 at homes your refinance can you but debt student on percent 10 8, 6, paying there out families have You percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost owns percent one of one-tenth top the when wrong profoundly something is There percent. one of one-tenth top the to class middle the from dollars of trillions of transfer a been has there years 30 last the Over spend. will Party Republican or Democratic the either than more That's election. this on million $750 spend to intend brothers Koch The system. political the into people more bring to change radical need we clear It's 2014. in vote didn't electorate the of two-thirds Nearly rhetoric. anti-Muslim the condemn and together stand all we where nation a build and bigotry religious end to time It's grandchildren. and kids our for habitable and healthy is that earth an on passing than important more is that nothing is There happened” have not “would death her white, were Bland Sandra If Sanders: Bernie @FaceTheNation: RT officers. police by killed and shot unarmed, are who Americans, African often people, many too far seen have We checkbook. billionaire’s a not movements grassroots by influenced be should Elections lobbyists. and PACs super their billionaires, of handful a to solely not and people, the of all to belong government its and nation This high. too are America in wages thinks he that said has he fact, In wage. minimum the raise to want not does Trump Donald few. a than rather us, of all for works that economy an create and St. Wall of greed the on take together, us bring that policies need We elections. fair and free restore and United Citizens overturn will that amendment constitutional a need We Muslims. or Mexicans hate us having by not jobs, paying decent of millions creates which legislation passing by is lives improve we way The change? climate addressing effectively not we're that it is Why degrees. 65 was temperature the where Eve Christmas a recall can Nobody need. we America the not That's percent. 1 of tenths three top the to breaks tax in dollars of billions give to wants Trump Donald on. going what’s know people when win Progressives politics. from off turn they when vote, don’t people when elections win Republicans speculators. wealthy of handful a just not Americans, all for and economy productive the for work banking make to time It’s poverty. in live children our of millions while soar profits corporate where economy rigged a in living are We into. gotten have never should we which Iraq in war the like wars to led and people American the failed has policy foreign Our jobs. decent-paying million 13 to up create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to trillion $1 invest to need We police. the by African-Americans unarmed of killing the stop must We system. justice criminal broken very a in reforms major need We class. middle the to it make and education an get to trying of crime the For what? for debt in deeply school leaving are people young Many together. stand to going are we Muslims, hate to going not we’re Latinos, hate to going not we’re No, Trump: Donald for message a have I veterans. disabled and elderly the for benefits Security Social cut not will We No. Republicans. tell must we clearly, and Loudly havens. tax in profits their stash corporations profitable because revenue tax in billion $100 lose we year every that sense no makes It brothers. Koch the from get they contributions campaign the not kids, their leave will they planet the about worrying start must Republicans citizenship. toward path a and reform immigration comprehensive need We shadows. the in living continue cannot people million 11 dumb. pretty is That funds. the lacks family your because college to go to able be to going not you're person: young smart, some to say To taxes. of share fair their pay should Trump Donald like billionaires inequality wealth and income massive of time a At share. fair their pay to people wealthiest the ask to need we billionaires, fellow his to breaks tax huge give to wants who Trump, Unlike right a as care health to entitled be should people all society, civilized democratic, a in that believe to happen I readers. Post by missed sorely be will insights His best. the of one is @HaroldMeyerson media. corporate in voices progressive few are There disgrace. national a is street the on veterans homeless thousand fifty are there night given any on that fact The … column: @HaroldMeyerson’s ending for Post the criticizes Schultz, Ed nixing for MSNBC knocked who .@SenSanders, @daveweigel: RT drugs. prescription affordable and safe to access includes that and right, human a is care health to Access Parenthood. Planned defunding about talking they're values, family about talk Republicans When poverty. like problems economic and social or addiction drug like problems health of out way our jail cannot We percent. one the just not and us, of all to belongs government Our all. it have cannot class billionaire The country. major any nearly of poverty childhood of rate highest the — poverty in living are children our of 20% over America in Today Year! New Happy poverty. in live not should person that week a hours 40 works person a if say to idea radical a not is It lobby. drug the challenge to willing aren’t politicians because just need they medication the without go to have not should People billionaires. of handful a than rather families working represent should government States United the maybe that concept radical a not It's worker. middle-class a than lower rate tax effective an paying up end who country this in millionaires are there that unfair grossly is It system. justice criminal broken very a reform and country our in racism institutional end will all for and once which movement a need We sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans change. must that reality a That's criminals. like crimes committed not have who citizens many too treats that system a have We dignity. of shred any with retire to able be will they how idea no have and savings in $10,000 than less have workers American of half Over Americans! million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart, of family Walton the family, one Today, Security. Social eliminate to want they Security, Social cut to want just don’t They you. tell me Let want? brothers Koch the do What poverty. in live should worker full-time no that – concrete and simple be should America in work time full of benchmark The old" the of loneliness the &amp; unemployment youth are days these world the afflict that evils the of serious most "The up. us divide people other these and Trump Donald let not is do to have we What activity. human by caused it’s and real, is change Climate over. is debate The disagree. I body. own her control to right the has country, this in woman no that is clearly, and loudly very saying, are Republicans What incarceration. and jail more not education, and jobs in investing be should We Earth. on country other any than jail in people more have We record. criminal no has lives people’s ruins that company a of CEO the but record, police a gets marijuana smokes who kid a that it is How people. vulnerable most the treats it how by but produces, it billionaires and millionaires of number the by not country a judge We year. a $12,000 just on survive to trying seniors of needs the to attention pay should we wealthy, the to breaks tax huge giving of Instead poverty. in living be not should people our of Millions world. the of history the in country richest the is This bes… very the him wish We War. Iraq the opposed &amp; championed who progressive true a is .@RepJimMcdermott @USProgressives: RT money. enough not that's think apparently billion $85 worth brothers Koch the like family a how understand never will I me, of life the For Approaching Deadline Contest Essay Union the of State Annual Sanders' Sen. @WVNYWFFF: RT saying. is community scientific world's entire the what of reality the deny who party major a have can we how comprehension my beyond is It up. them break to got you've but Glass-Steagall, reestablish only not to have you power, much so with banks few so have you When contest: essay Union the of State @SenSanders for nears deadline @VTEducation: RT exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a If dollars. of trillions gambling itself, unto island an be cannot Street Wall billionaires. of handful a just not Americans, all for works that economy an and system financial a create to be must goal Our safer. communities our make to actions executive @POTUS's support I children. our than lobbyists gun to loyal more clearly are Republicans today. announced reforms sense common the with agree owners, gun responsible including Americans, of majority vast A government. the not make, to physician and family her woman, the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The expense. else's everyone at wealthiest the benefit to Street Wall by rigged been that's system political a and economy an tolerate cannot We today. Street Wall of reality the describe best that words the are these arrogance, and dishonesty fraud, Greed, ATM. the to go they time each fee $5 a paying are Americans that unacceptable is it view, my In economy. job-creating the in investments productive encourage and Street Wall on gambling reckless discourage to got have We jail. to big too be not must bankers Big collapse. near economy's our causing for prosecuted been has executive Street Wall major one Not Sahara. the of parts and California, Southern Texas, Western than warmer was Pole North the week, Last free. tuition colleges public make to tax speculation a from revenue the use and Street Wall on gambling reckless discourage to got We've system. finance campaign corrupt a have we that is poorer getting are poor the while richer getting are rich the that reasons the of One Americans. average of expense the at BP and Exxon like companies oil big of profits the boost to rigged is policy energy our now, Right habitable. and healthy planet this leaving than important more nothing is there beings, human as responsibility our about talk we When armies. invading like look not do they so departments police local our demilitarize to got have We items: household and food buying not like sacrifices make bills medical pay to struggling people insured of 75% Parenthood. Planned defunds and insurance health off Americans million 17 throws that bill reconciliation budget a is need we thing last The time. of waste a also is it is), it (and legislation bad only not is budget Republican The end. must women, million 3 to care health critical provides which Parenthood, Planned against witch-hunt The bigotry. and racism of forms all to no say clearly and loudly and people one as together stand we when nation greater a becomes American deregulated. get to contributions campaign and lobbying in billion $5 spend to 1990s the during Street Wall allowed system corrupt Our all. to right a as care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the to join to country great this for overdue long is time The families vulnerable to Status Protected Temporary extend raids, deportation end to Obama on calls Sanders NEWS: awaits. sentence death a where countries to back families deport not and raids deportation the cease immediately to @POTUS urge I solution. humane a requires that crisis a address to families of thousands deporting involving tactics inhumane employ to continue can't We persecution and violence fleeing those to protection provide to commitment historical our with consistent be should policies immigration Our raids deportation started recently to end seeking Obama, writes Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT … families immigrant of roundups ‘inhumane’ end Obama President demands Sanders Bernie @AliceOllstein: RT raids. these cease immediately must We return. their of months within murdered were asylum denied recently immigrants American Central 83 Roosevelt D. Franklin President - men.” free not are men "Necessitous pill. per $1,000 costs drug One medication. prescription on year a $100,000 than more spend now Americans of thousands of Tens sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live not should Americans drugs. lower-cost import to easier it make must We should. they taxes the pay finally market the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everybody, for work that policies drug need We Chinese. the by invented hoax a is change climate thinks who candidate a support not will people American The Act Care Affordable the on expanding be should we insurance, health of off Americans million 17 throwing of Instead leave. family &amp; medical paid workers guarantee doesn't that country major only the being of embarrassment international the end must US The process. political the in participate to people for easier it make must we vote, the suppress to Republicans many of efforts the Despite country. the of out them throw and children and women, men, of millions up sweep not should we and cannot we that is line bottom The inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not we today, America In high. too are country the in wages thinks who and wage minimum the raising favor not does who candidate a support not will Americans with. dealt be must and immoral simply is That make. workers their what times 300 make CEOs States, United the In time. in doctor a to go can't they because die will people would, Republicans as insurance health off people million 17 throw you If poverty. in living are America in kids of percent 20 nearly that embarrassment international an is It reality. economic our is That Americans! million 130 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart of family Walton the family, one Today, unacceptable. That’s birth. giving after weeks two just work to back go to have America in jobs have who mothers of percent 20 Over hungry! going are country this in children while breaks tax get to continue cannot You class: billionaire the tell must We wage. living a become must wage minimum The raised. be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The xenophobia. their and bigotry their and world the of Trumps Donald the to up stand to can I everything do will I values.” “family about lot a talk colleagues Republican My size. our times 4 country authoritarian an China, including earth on country other any than jail in people more have We undermined. democracy of foundations the and corrupted totally been has system political our decision, United Citizens the of result a As decades. for them burdens that debt of mountain a with school leave kids of millions that that counter-productive and insane is It change. to got has That jail. to big too are they fail, to big too only not are banks Street Wall where now situation a have We crisis. into economy world the send could failure its that extensive so holdings have should institution financial single no view, my In equality. of promise full the realizes orientation sexual or religion race, their matter no everyone, where nation a in live can We free. tuition be should colleges Public ago. years 50 was degree school high a what to equivalent is degree college a 2015, In universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should corporations view, my In earth. on country major other every in exists It idea. radical a not is This privilege. a not people, all of right a be should care Health Nominee FDA on No Votes Sanders NEWS: prescribed. are they drugs the afford cannot 64 and 19 of ages the between Americans 5 of out 1 that unacceptable It's $9,900. to years ten last the over doubled than more has drugs cancer of cost monthly the that unacceptable is It companies. drug the to up stand to prepared is who FDA the at leader a need we need, they drugs the afford cannot Americans of millions When person. that not is Califf Dr. Canada. from drugs brand-name import to rules implement &amp; prices drug lower to work will who someone need We hungry. go not does nation great our built and democracy defend to fought that generation the sure make to can we everything do must We passed. reform immigration comprehensive see to wants that nation a are we believe I immigrants. by built was country This 1995. in back military" the in "homos about say to had @SenSanders what forget never Let's @dirtybirderic: RT money. of lot nation entire our and families class middle save and people all for care health guarantee would all for Medicare Bill Fed the Audit Supports Sanders NEWS: committees. and boards various its on bankers the to only known secret, in conducted is business Fed’s the of much Too St. Wall on billionaires the than rather Americans ordinary of needs the to responsive institution, democratic more a Fed the make must We Address Union the of State the on Statement Sanders NEWS: democracy. American revitalize to and politics, of out money big get to politics, civil more need we that point @POTUS's appreciated I infrastructure? crumbling our rebuild to afford can't but wars ending never on trillions spend can we that it is How change. to got has That men. to compared dollar the on cents 78 earn should women why reason economic rational no is There class billionaire the just not families, working of needs the reflects Congress by done being work the so finance campaign change to need We it afford can who those of privilege a not right, a is care health that resolve must We insurance. health no have still Americans million 29 continue. cannot That Americans. killing is industry pharmaceutical the of greed The else. everyone of expense the at wealthiest the benefit to St. Wall by rigged system political and economy an tolerate longer no We'll wage! living a employees your paying Start welfare. of off Get Walmart: to say I nation any than healthcare on capita per more spend we yet right, a as all to healthcare guarantee doesn’t that country major only the We're care. health is right human That right. human a be to consider I that something for fighting career my spent have I kids. our for jobs and education into money putting be should we maybe, just maybe, jails, more building of instead that me to seems It oligarchy. It's democracy. isn't This parties. Republican or Democratic the either than cycle election this money more spend will family One privilege." of not and right of matter "a is care Health Kennedy: Ted Sen. officers. police train we how redo completely and forces police of militarization the from away move must We population. jailed most the with country the not world, the in population educated best the with country the as known be should America lands public on leases coal federal new halt to decision Obama's on statement Sanders NEWS: change. must and unacceptable is That gay. being for someone fire to legal still is it states, many in today Unbelievably, ground. the in fuels fossil keeping by is that do can we way best The planet. healthy a kids our leave to responsibility moral a have We idea. radical a not is This interests. special powerful just not us, of all for works that government a create can We planet. the of future the than profits short-term with concerned more are who forces political powerful on take boldly to continue must We 2007. in did she than year last less $1,337 made worker female typical the that unacceptable is It country. developed major any of rate poverty childhood highest the poverty, in living are America in kids of 20% that embarrassing It's end! to got has This fired. getting of chance five in one a have they campaign, organizing union a in engaged is employee an if Today, up. locked get people many how be not should enforcement law for success of measure The bankruptcy. in out come not should you hospital, the to go you When care. health to access have should you sick, you're When world. the across devastation huge causing already is it and activity human by caused is it real, is change Climate wage! living a to raised be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The nation. other any does as care health on capita per much as twice almost spending are We penalty. death the to no saying in country industrialized Western, other every almost join to US the for time It's people. many too of lives the ruined has and failure a been has drugs on war The full. beds prison keep to order in detain, and jail arrest, to over-incentive an in result which profit, for prisons end to need We unacceptable. is This years. 40 last the over rate white the as high as twice roughly remained has rate unemployment black The country. our transform to vision his continue to pledge also but for, stood he what remember only not must we King, Dr. honor we As investigation. general's attorney a trigger automatically should it custody, police in while killed is country this in anybody Whenever Jr. King Luther Martin -Dr. wealth." of distribution better a be must there but socialism, democratic it call or democracy, it "Call America?'" in people poor million forty there are ‘Why question, the ask must "We King: Luther Martin Dr. Jr. King Luther Martin -Dr. poor." the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This money. big not people, the of needs the to respond Congress make to have We top. the to going is income new all almost and poverty in living are people million 47 where economy, rigged a have we understand Americans class. billionaire the not class, middle the for works that economy an create to going are We idea? radical a for ready you Are wage. living a workers your pay and welfare of off Get Walmart: of family Walton the for message a got I affordable: hometown his made Sanders Bernie How @Slate: RT education. college a get will they income, family of regardless hard, work they if that country, this in kid every tell to is job Our raids. the ending and violence fleeing those welcoming by tradition immigrant our with consistent remain must we nation, a As class. middle the than taxes lower paid yet years, 2 in billion $18 by increase wealth their saw brothers Koch the that unbelievable It's people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must States United the goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society a As … deceit their about net" wide a "Casting scandal. investigating in NY joins news--CA big Big @billmckibben: RT trouble. in are people its and planet This activity. human by caused and real is change Climate over. is debate The fuels. fossil from away system energy our move to boldly act we that vital absolutely is It man-made. and real is change climate is reality The change. climate about doubt sow to money of sums huge spending are brothers Koch The up. 'em break to need we and powerful too are institutions financial huge say would he today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If serve. they communities the like more look departments police our make and policing community toward move to needs States United The not. do banks of CEOs the while marijuana smoking for records criminal have kids many that unacceptable It's wealthy. the for privilege a is care health where nation a in live We underinsured. or uninsured still are people million 50 today US the In United. Citizens -- history its in decisions disastrous most the of one is think I what issued Court Supreme the today, ago years 6 override… stopping for advance in thanks And . for to efforts your all for you Thank @SenSanders @EnvAm: RT government. States United the own to opportunity an people wealthiest the given has Court Supreme the United, Citizens of result a As for. stands Constitution our what not is elections buying Billionaires elections. of funding public toward move to need we field, playing even an have candidates where democracy, vibrant a want we If elections. buy cannot powerful the and wealthy the so election, of funding public the to move and United Citizens overturn to have We government. the not make, to doctor her and woman the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The women. million 15 than more of wages the boost significantly would hour an $15 to wage minimum the Increasing debated. or question under be never would rights reproductive women's men, 17 and women 83 had Senate US the if that belief firm my It's end. must that and abuse sexual and violence domestic from suffering still are women and girls many Too bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should Corporations extremism. that’s body, own her control not can she that woman a tell you When them. expand to going are we rights, women's on retreat to going not we are only Not insane. totally is This doctors. their by them to prescribed drugs the purchase to afford to unable are Americans 5 of out 1 Street. Wall of selfishness and greed the end must We wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to have We hour. an $8 or $ on it make can’t people that is line bottom The worked. not has economics Trickle-down wrong. is This corporations. the to and rich the to breaks tax more give Let’s say: Republicans Congress. the regulates Street Wall that is truth real The Street. Wall regulates Congress that impression mistaken the have people Many Francis -Pope people." elderly treats it how by judged also is civilization, a of mean I society, a of quality "The billionaires. to beholden is which establishment political a economy, our destroying is greed whose establishment corporate a have We United. Citizens overturn to got we've why That's another. and donors billionaire of group one between war a be not should Democracy need? in those for not but war for money have always Republicans do Why effective? so been has it when Security Social cutting on insist people some do Why poverty. in live seniors of percent 9 than less Today, grandchildren. and children your about more worry and contributions campaign your about less Worry Republicans: for message a have I nation. our for and people young our for tragedy a That’s debt. auto-loan or card credit than debt student more carrying are Americans people. young of generation entire an on backs our turn to continue cannot we future, the in succeed to is country this If billion. $157 by 2015 and 2013 between increase wealth their saw country this in people 14 wealthiest The belief. beyond almost is This battles. our fight and weapons those use who women and men the of care taking is So war. of cost a are guns and tanks and Planes people. richest the of some for than higher lot a of hell a is rate tax people's working of millions where situation a with up ended We've 2002. since percent 90 than more by up gone has States United the in medicine on spending total that unacceptable It's Street. Main repairing started and Street Wall out bailing stopped we time high It’s Nominee FDA on Hold Places Sanders NEWS: Americans. ordinary for work FDA the make would he that believe to reason no me give companies pharmaceutical to ties extensive Califf’s Dr. it. accomplish we after day the until accomplish cannot we what us tell always pundits the of All expensive. too is medication of cost the that believe who people American the of percent 72 the to listen to needs Congress CEOs. just not everybody, for work that policies drug prescription implementing by world industrialized the of rest the join to needs US The VT in together started we programs housing affordable the expand to work your of proud So ! winning for @chtrust Congrats responsible held be must Pharma Big money. enough have didn't they because filled prescriptions their get didn't people million 35 2015, In option. first the not choice, last the be must War jobs. create to can we everything doing be should we underemployed, or unemployed either are workers of percent 10 than more when time a At country. this in education higher a get to able be should desire the and ability the has who country this in kid every that believe I billionaires. of greed the indulging not class, middle the protect to fighting is about be should economy American the What discrimination. and sexism but nothing That's less. even it’s color of women for and men to compared dollar the on cents 79 making are Women top. on few the to class middle the from gone have dollars of trillions country- this in wealth of transfer massive a been already There's top. on people of handful a just not us, of all for works that government a creating is socialism democratic of definition My change. climate of reality the recognize even to refuse exceptions, few with politicians, Republican that embarrassment an is really It money. of lot a that’s Washington, in Even 2009. since lobbying in billion $ staggering a spent companies electric and coal Oil, it. afford cannot they because need they medication the without go to have not should Americans million 35 fuels. fossil to addiction society’s of consequences severe most the bear will communities minority and low-income in live who People $15! to wage minimum the raise must We disagree. I Americans. working hard of millions for enough are wages starvation believe Republicans fuels. fossil not and energy renewable efficient, on focus must we economy, our improving and planet the protecting about serious are we If prisoners. world’s the of percent 25 have we yet population, world’s the of percent five is States United the that unacceptable It's families. their sustain to care health and income enough together cobble to jobs 3 or 2 working are people of millions country the Across workers. women for equity pay have to going are We men. to compared dollar the on cents 79 making women of disgrace the end must We unacceptable. is That men. white 106 every in one to compared incarcerated, is men African-American 15 every in One dollar. the on cents 79 earn men as work same the do who America in women when fairness. basic of issue American an instead but issue partisan a be not should men for $16,590 to compared $12,857 is women by received income Security Social yearly average The effects. lifelong has gap wage gender The babies. newborn their with home stay to income the have don’t they because work to back forced are parents of millions that outrage an It’s Americans. wealthiest the benefit to Street Wall by rigged been that's system political a and economy an tolerate longer no We'll inadequate. totally is now have we wage minimum the that recognize to got have just We parents. single are workers wage low of 27% free. tuition universities public make and college attending at shot fair a income, or race their of regardless kids, our give to need We Medicare and Security Social cutting not expanding be should We 2013. in men than poverty in lived women elderly many as twice than More economy. the of collapse near the causing for jail to gone has executive Street Wall major one not that outrage an is It raises. get economy the destroy helped who CEOs St. Wall while records police get marijuana with caught get who kids that sense no makes It end! to got has This rebates. tax in billion $ received but taxes income federal no paid Verizon and Boeing GE, 2013, and 2008 Between Francis -Pope crumbling." is majority the of that exponentially, increasing is minority a of income the "While disappearing. is country this of middle-class the while breaks tax for calling are corporations large of CEOs the that outrage an is It taxes! of share fair their pay must country this in corporations largest the Islands, Cayman the in profits sheltering of Instead privilege. a not and all, of right a is healthcare that recognize and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The pipelines. fuel fossil new oppose vigorously not but change climate about concerned be can one how understand to me for hard is It drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far, by pay, Americans that unacceptable is It top. on those to goes income new the of much so because it know Americans few but world, the of history the in nation wealthiest the are We deserve. they respect and dignity the with retire can country this in everyone that sure make to Security Social expand to time It’s 1%. top the benefit to designed and them against rigged is system economic current our that understand people American The wages? lower for hours longer working are Americans of millions productivity, and technology in advancements huge despite that, it is Why powerful. the and wealthy the from contributions for begging without office for run can one where democracy a towards move must We powerful. the on take necessary, when and, people working with stand to poor, the with stand to courage the have we that imperative is It wealth. and money serve to have not should people The people. the serve should wealth and Money super-rich. the for and super-rich the by super-rich, the of nation a toward moving rapidly are We poverty. in living are children American African of percent 40 that unacceptable simply is It profits. short-term for planet the destroy to willing is business Big share? fair their pay to Americans and corporations wealthiest the ask we do or benefits security social cut we do is: line bottom The year. a $13,000 on survive to trying are seniors some that fact the despite Security, Social cut to want Republicans that unacceptable It's exist. to big too is it fail, to big too is bank a If them! cut not benefits Security Social expand and extend to time it's month, a $1,328 just is today benefit Security Social average the When end! to got has This insurance. health zero have who country this in people million 29 have still we outrageous It's wage. living a to wage minimum the raise we that imperative absolutely is it poverty, in living still are Americans working of millions When poverty. childhood in 1 No. and billionaires in 1 No. is States United the world, industrialized the in that outrageous It's cancer. with diagnosed are you because bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In Americans. ordinary for work not will system care health our profits, over patients put we until it: face Let's Americans. many for struggle daily a are prices drug skyrocketing today, spotlight national the in is greed Shkreli’s Martin Although prescriptions. their fill to afford cannot Americans five in One drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the pay We end. must It Shkreli. Martin like CEOs company pharmaceutical of profiteering blatant the with up fed are people American The prices. drug skyrocketing stop to plan comprehensive a forward put have I and @RepCummings why That's increases." price prescription astronomical of year another accept won't We ENOUGH. is "ENOUGH say, to Americans for time It's wages. lower for hours longer working are Americans ordinary while millionaires of proliferation a seen have we that outrage an It's need. they education and jobs the get them help to and people young our in investing start to us for overdue long is time The jobs. of millions us cost have and America corporate by written were which TPP, and NAFTA like agreements trade opposed strongly always I've better. do can We care. delivering to than rather costs, administrative to goes States United the in spent dollar care health every of 30% penalty. death the to no say and country industrialized Western, other every almost join to States United the for time is it believe I enjoy. already economy advanced every in workers that benefit a leave, family paid denied be should workers American that reason no is There races. all of Americans young of incarceration mass the be cannot and not is poverty and unemployment to answer The leave. medical and family paid provide not does that country major only the is America that disgraceful It’s . leave! medical and family paid of weeks 12 least at guaranteed be should America in worker every view, my In leave. family paid on stand they where them ask values, family about talk politician a hear you time Next jobs. American decent-paying become not does export largest our so agreements trade our rewrite fundamentally to need we that view my is It percent. 40 bottom the than wealth more owns Walmart, of family Walton the America, in family one when wrong profoundly something is There policy. leave medical and family a have not does that Earth on country major only the is States United the why reason no is There lobbyists. their and PACs super their billionaires, of handful a to not and people the to belongs nation great This enough! is Enough option. first the not resort, last the be should action military unilateral that is line bottom The veterans. for care health expand to tried Bernie exposed, was scandal Affairs Veterans the before Months Flashback: jail! in people most the with country the not world, the in population educated best the with country the as known be should America infrastructure! crumbling our rebuild must We transit. to access meaningful any lack households American of 45% nearly that outrageous It's practice! revolting most this end must We loans. student of off profits in dollars of billions makes government federal the year, Every infrastructure. our in invest to need We 12. No. are we Today infrastructure. in 1 No. was States United the when time a once was There class. billionaire the not and families working of needs the reflects work Congress' so system finance campaign our reform must We with. dealt be must and immoral simply is This make. workers their what times 300 make CEOs States, United the In democracy. our undermines it cowardice- political just isn't turnout voter suppressing by elections win to officials elected by Attempts simple. and plain right, your It’s have. you money much how or car a have you whether on depend shouldn’t vote to ability Your wage. living a to wage minimum the raise to got have We it. in them keep not poverty, of out Americans lift must job a 2016, year the In -@joewalkerWSJ. costs prescription in rein to effort any against lobbies it as campaign ad launches industry Drug has. it billionaires and millionaires of number the in lie not does country a of greatness true The else. everyone and rich very the between gap growing the reduce to responsibility moral a have We money. of lot a that’s DC, in Even contributions. campaign and lobbying on million $250 spent makers drug 2014, In endure. many so racism structural the address simultaneously must we country, this in inequality income of levels grotesque tackle we While income. your of regardless college, to go can You college? to go to want You people: young their to say who nations other from learn must We corporations. multi-national large, of CEOs the just not and nation our of families working the for work that policies trade need We fuels. fossil from away system energy our transform aggressively to is job human by caused and real is change Climate percent. one top the to going are wealth and income new the of all almost system, economic rigged our In bodies. own their control to country this in women of right the politicizing stop should Republicans it! cut not - Security Social expand must we income, their of most for benefits Security Social on rely seniors American of two-thirds When change climate combat to fight the in spare to time no There's disappointing. deeply is decision Court's Supreme The interests. special of ahead health and profits of ahead people puts that system care health national a is need we What that. understands history read who’s Anyone easily. place take not does Change careers. their begin and work find to unable are people young of millions world the in countries richest the in that unacceptable It's Security. Social expanding by dignity with retire they ensure to have We retire. they when happen will what about worried are workers Older welfare. corporate That's IRS. the from rebate million $156 a received actually and profits in billion $19 made Mobil Exxon 2009, In Korea North on Sanctions Strengthened Supports Sanders NEWS: before. ever than richer are who corporations multinational the for not worker, American the for designed are that policies trade need We office. in seats own their protect to restrictions voting enacting officials elected are America in have we fraud voter major only The wage. minimum a of concept the with away do to want but wage, minimum the raise not will only not who Republicans have we that crazy is It Program Enforcement Immigration for Accountability Demand Grijalva Sanders, NEWS: police. the calling for deported being of afraid be not should violence domestic and crime of Victims Street. Wall on in cashing finally is Geithner Tim Secretary Treasury Ex Read: Must energy. solar on leader national a be to continues Vermont that proud So … Capitol! the at raises BIG got Sontia like workers @SenSanders, like lawmakers to Thanks @GoodJobsNation: RT happen. that let can’t We percent. 1 the for works that Congress a have can they so millions of hundreds spending are brothers Koch The on. live can anybody that wage a not is It wage. starvation a is $ of wage minimum federal the that understand people American The breaks. tax more for ask still they and 10 than less it's Today revenue. tax federal of 30% over contributed corporations large 1950s the In them. need who those to accessible are naloxone, as such drugs, lifesaving ensure must We day. each lives 78 claims epidemic opioid The privilege. a not right, a be should education why is That future. nation’s our in investment strategic a is education Higher manner. timely a in care receive condition health mental a with living Americans one-in-five the that imperative It's -@stavernise Growing Is Poor the and Rich the of Spans Life in Disparity Read: Must crisis. this defeat must We Americans. young for jobs decent-paying of lack the is country this facing crisis serious most the of One bill crime 1994 the on speech floor Sanders to link the Here's @chrislhayes: RT mortgages. housing than higher are that loans college for rates interest pay to forced are parents their and students that sense no makes It overtime. without week a hours 60 or 50 work $30K/year, than less earning many Americans, of millions which in scandal the end must We case. the longer no that's Sadly world. the of envy the were - rail bridges, roads, - infrastructure nation's our when time a once was There change. climate of effects irreversible the subsiding in interested are we if fuels fossil from away system energy our transform must We enough! is Enough jobs. manufacturing decent-paying million over lost have policies trade’ ‘free unfettered disastrous our 2001, Since deserve. and earned have they benefit every receive veterans all that ensure and wounded the for provide to obligation moral a have We habitable. and healthy is that planet a kids our leaving about more and contributions campaign their about less worry to need Republicans Refugees Border for Process Due Guarantee to Legislation @SenatorReid's Backs Sanders NEWS: $15/hour! least at to wage minimum the raise must We poverty. in lives worker full-time no that ensure to be must nation a as goal Our passing. his mourn who colleagues, and family Scalia's Justice with are prayers and thoughts My continues. justice economic and racial for struggle The average. national the double is unemployment American African Today, now. it buy don't I and then, it buy didn't I was. deregulation great how us tell to Congress visiting Greenspan Alan forget never will I impossible. is nothing justice, for together stand people When hour. an pennies make who people against compete to workers American forced that NAFTA like agreements trade free the to opposed remain I change. climate reversing in world the lead and News, Fox not community, scientific the to listen must We make? parents their money much how of because college attending from people young bright discourage literally to us for it is insane How fled. have they countries the to violence domestic and crime of victims and children unaccompanied back send to calls tolerate not will We Brandeis Louis - few.” a of hands the in concentrated wealth great have can we or country this in democracy have either can “We up. them divide not families, unite to be must reform immigration of terms in principle guiding Our Act. Choice Free Employee the pass must We so. do to union a join to want who workers for possible it makes which legislation need We way. peaceful a in conflicts resolve to strength our use can we how but in, engage can we wars many how not is nation great a of test The elections. buy to able be should billionaires other and Brothers Koch the that mean not does It vote. one person, one means Democracy stagnant. are wages workers' but soaring is productivity Today, together. grew wages and productivity II, War World after decades three For policies. trade our rewrite fundamentally must we jobs, good of millions creating and class middle the rebuilding about serious are we If America. in poverty massive have we that and unemployed are kids black young of 50% that reality the with deal to have We unfairly. color of people punish that minimums mandatory racially-biased with Drugs’ on ‘War failed a in engaged been have we decades, For exist. to big too it's fail, to big too is bank a If bailout. taxpayer another prevent &amp; system financial healthy a ensure can we crisis, a face they before banks too-big-to-fail up breaking By emissions. carbon on back cut to got have we that us tell who those and science on back its turning Congress US the about worried very am I interests moneyed on take &amp; people working with stand to guts the have we unless confidence people's American the regain never will Congress workers. American for disaster a are but corporation, major a of CEO are you if great are America corporate by pushed agreements trade The jobs. American decent-paying become not does export largest our so agreements trade our rewrite fundamentally to need we that view my is It solutions. humane and compassion requires that crisis a address to families immigrant of thousands deport and up round to continue cannot We Security. Social expand &amp; cap the lift must We absurd. That's 2016. for Security Social into paying stopped millionaires week, This that. of proud very be all should we think I and immigrants, of daughters and sons the are we because great is country Our control. birth affordable to access woman’s a restrict to reason valid no is There become? to wish we do nation of kind What question: moral a asking we're ultimately reform, campaign and inequality wealth discuss we When concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic and anti-immigrant the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We country. our defend to line the on lives their put who women and men those to owe we that debt the repay never can we that is truth The next. the available longer no is it out find and day one drug lifesaving a taking be could you today, America in that unacceptable is It infrastructure. our in invest to time the is Now deficient. structurally as designated been have bridges nation's the of quarter a Today, Party. Brothers Koch the but Party, Democratic or Republican the be won't America party political powerful most the years, coming the In racket. prison for-profit the end to got have We America. over all prisons privatized have we that repugnant morally simply is It all. it want apparently who top on handful a by controlled be to it allow cannot We us. of all to belongs country, great this country, This reverse. in dream American the It's parents. their than living of standard lower a have will today children track, current our on stay we If loans car for pay they than higher rates interest paying not are students that so program loan student our restructure fundamentally must We billionaires. to breaks tax giving of instead programs nutrition expanding be should We insecurity. food experience seniors 5 in 1 Today, US. the in jobs creating businesses in investing be should we jobs, exporting are that companies to loans low-interest providing of Instead free! tuition college make and nations other join must we economy, global the in competitive be and class middle our rebuild to are we If respect. same the with students college graduating treat can we rates, interest low extremely with Street Wall out bail could Fed the If children their with time leisure spend can parents so time vacation guaranteed and leave family paid time, sick paid are values family Real us. for deals trade our write to corporations allow longer no can we prove jobs good of millions and factories of thousands of loss The attack. under are them represent which unions trade the that is people working and class middle the of decline the for reasons the of One families working against people powerful most and wealthiest the of some by waged being war a is It country. this in on going war a is There America. of States United the to back jobs bring and taxes dodging stop to America in corporations largest the ask to got have We liberties. civil our safeguard also must laws but terrorists, suspected investigate to need they tools strong the authorities give should We bills. their pay to just jobs three or two work must more millions and poverty in live workers full-time of millions that disgraceful is It right. be would he And up. 'em break say would He banks? big the about say would he what know you do today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If student. college a as arrested being Sanders Bernie of footage Here's @HuffPostCollege: RT agenda. Congress' explain to way long a goes which Americans, working with step of out profoundly are class billionaire the of views The it. doing while rich getting and impunity with planet the destroying is industry fuel fossil The privacy. of right constitutional their and people American the of safety the protects that legislation have to idea radical a not It's hospitals. of out and healthy seniors keeping by money Americans saves programs nutrition senior in investing day, the of end the At government. the by collected being information that without today call telephone a make to right a have people view, my In class. middle the of part a be to need they jobs the get them help to people young our in investing start to us for overdue long is time The prescriptions. their fill to afford to unable are Americans 5 in 1 when country this in drugs prescription to approach new a need clearly We off? us ripping are who companies drug to up stand to guts the have we Do this: to down comes America in costs prescription of future The Canada. from drugs prescription affordable import cannot we why reason no absolutely is there Mexico, from tomatoes import can we If GMOs. contains product a if know to consumers allow and world the over all countries join to States United the for idea radical a not It's crisis. into economy world the send could failure its that extensive so holdings have should institution financial single No 1995 in Republican homophobic a demolish Sanders Bernie Watch @HuffingtonPost: RT nation. our of fabric the become have programs these Yet socialist. called was - wage minimum a Medicare, - proposed FDR everything Almost the in as price the one-tenth for Canada in sold factory same the in company, same the by manufactured drug a have you do How down. it shut to plan a see to glad I'm policy. foreign our undermined and standing moral our damaged has Guantanamo poverty. in live kids American Native of percent 47 and kids American African of percent 37 yet and nation richest world's the in live We it. in them keep not poverty, of out worker a lift to enough pay job time full a that demand to reasonable is it think I jobs. create will that and services, buy goods, buy and out go to going are they people, working of hands the into money put we When elsewhere. and Canada from drugs of importation to barriers reduce should We prescriptions. their for less far pay countries other in People GMOs. label to allowed be must states other and Vermont it. on depend disabilities with people and seniors many so when Security Social cut to economics bad and immoral it's view, my In so. do to allowed be should they union, a join to right constitutional their exercise to want country this in workers if is, line bottom The greed. industry's pharmaceutical the to up stand will he convinced not I'm because nomination Califf's Dr. opposed I Confirmation Nominee’s FDA on Statement Sanders NEWS: percent. one top the to going are wealth and income new the of all almost system, economic rigged our in that unacceptable It's end! to got has This States. United the in $750 for sold be can pill a cents 66 for Britain in sold drug a that me to sense no makes It's Voters Conservation of League from Score Perfect Receives Sanders NEWS: country. major any of poverty childhood of rate highest the have to continue we yet billionaires, to breaks tax give we that outrageous It's care. health no have they when free truly not are People family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are People ways. of kinds all in else everybody impacts country this in everybody believe I but hungry are who kids on backs our turn to easy very It's 1993 in Bernie - wealthier. become wealthy the and poorer become people working which by process the accelerate simply will NAFTA (10/6/1993) Bernie - taxpayer. American the and environment the farmers, Mexican and American for disaster a be will NAFTA Finds Report New Patients, Gouges Price and Taxes Dodges Pfizer NEWS: people. working our for disaster unmitigated an been have agreements trade Free jobs. American million 3 of loss the to led China with PNTR patients. American off rip to allowed be longer no can companies pharmaceutical other and Pfizer enough. is Enough consumers. harm and industry broadband high-speed the in duopoly a create would deal Charter New proposed The merger @TWC @CharterCom about concerns raise @SenSanders including senators Five @davidshepardson: RT gas. natural of exportation and extraction the incentivizing not fuels, fossil from away transitioning be should We $9,900. to years ten last the over doubled than more has drugs cancer of cost monthly the that insane totally It's everybody. for work that policies drug Rx implementing by world industrialized the of rest the join to needs States United The wage. starvation a undoubtedly is That year. a $15,000 about making are you wage, minimum federal current the at week a hours 40 work you If issue. American an is It issue. conservative a not is It issue. progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The country. our in jobs union of number the increase must we class, middle the rebuilding and inequality wealth reducing about serious we're If far. by country industrialized any in highest the poverty, in living are America in children of percent 21 that ridiculous It's Profits Prison Private Details Report New After Action Urges Sanders NEWS: racket. prison for-profit private, the end must We 2015. in profits in million $361 combined a made operators prison private largest two The need. they medication life-saving the take to afford cannot they because die will they that fear in live to have not should Americans debt. in deeply going without need they education the get to able be should income, of regardless Americans, all view, my In same. the do to able be should government Our down. costs keep to behalf citizens' their on companies drug with negotiate countries Other them. let can’t We it. get to order political existing the dismantle to prepared are and more, and more and more want to seem rich very The workers. American of interests the endanger, not protect, should policies Trade bottom. the to race the end to need We hour. an $15 to wage minimum the raising by poverty in living Americans million 47 nearly the to end put can we is, line bottom The regime. authoritarian an China, than even more – country major any than bars behind people more has America win. we justice, for together stand women and men When win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let prevail? Money Big &amp; contributors campaign billionaire of power extraordinary the will or Americans ordinary with stand DC in politicians Do industry. drug the to up stand to courage the have doesn't Congress because need they medication the without go to have should American No bars. behind Americans more keeping and jails more building by profit a make to allowed be not should corporations view, my In Congress. the regulates Street Wall that is truth real The Street. Wall regulates Congress that impression mistaken the have people Many richer. billionaires make to day after day works economy our yet need, people what provide and hungry the feed to enough producing are We h… safe felt people trans towns only the of one ran Sanders Bernie Mayor unpopular, politically wildly was it when Back @oneunderscore__: RT industry. pharmaceutical the by on off signed and written were they reason: one for measures control cost no have programs drug Medicare Our … field: playing the level to how on op-ed @BostonGlobe my Read more. do must we and fwd, step huge a was FMLA @SenWarren: RT decade. next the over trillion $6 than more businesses and people American the save would Medicare-for-all America. of States United the to back jobs bring and taxes dodging stop to America in corporations largest the tell to got have We protections. overtime basic without ever than harder working are people of Millions fuels. fossil from pollution increased subsidizes that welfare polluter the end to need we change, climate ending about serious we're If … Law Labeling ’s Block Would That Tues, Markup Sen. For Set Bill, Oppose @SenSanders &amp; Leahy @SenatorLeahy: RT future. energy clean percent 100 a have can we that shows power wind of cost decreasing The loan. student a on pay would you than loan car a on rate interest lower a get and now right out go can you that absurd totally is It student. every to education higher quality affordable, an providing to commitment public our restore must we nation, a as that believe I succeed. to going not we're splintering, start we if That together. stand to got have we that know Americans of majority overwhelming The infrastructure. our rebuild to is that do to way fastest The work. to back Americans of millions put to program jobs federal major a need We kids their feeding they're what know to right a have Parents GMOs. label to allowed be must states other and Vermont college. to go to get you whether decide shouldn’t income family Your 2008. than proportions lower in college in enroll now teens income Low should. they taxes the pay finally marketplace the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most change? climate of science the to comes it when denial in are but cancer on research the respect and accept can Republicans that it is Why factories. shuttering and America in jobs slashing are who people the precisely are policies trade free continuing for advocates key The them. unite could that issues from deflect to is immigrants, against born native blacks, against whites setting scapegoating, of purpose The Case Law Abortion Key on Statement Sanders NEWS: only. name in right a become officially will abortion stand, to allowed is law Texas the If rights. reproductive protected constitutionally their exercise to order in miles 150 over travel to have would alone Texas in women 900,000 clinic. a to distances long travel to ability or means the have don't who women low-income on impact devastating especially an have would It abortion. an to right woman’s a on burden substantial a place to light green a states other giving effect, domino a have would it And bodies. own their control to right the have didn't America in women when days the to back go cannot We right. constitutional woman’s a is abortion legal and safe a to access that reaffirm must Court The infrastructure. our rebuilding done be to work enormous is there when underemployed or unemployed are workers of millions that absurd is It war. to them send don't veterans, of care take to expensive too it's think you If corrupt. respects, many in but, unfair grossly only not is which today system political a reform must we that means socialism Democratic backwards. it got We’ve lobbyists. their and corporations welcomes it yet you, on back its turns government poor, are you if now, Right policies. trade our rewrite fundamentally must we need, desperately we jobs paying good of millions the creating about serious are we If high. too already are that prices internet and cable lower won't monopolies bigger Even Warner. Time buy Charter let not should FCC The factories. lost more and jobs lost more for way the pave would deals trade bad that understood always Bernie's inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not we that remember to important It's school. high at end not should education public free people, young our education the on depends America of future the When income. of regardless college, to go can college to go to wants who country this in American qualified every that sure make to got have We job. paying decent a for need they training the with them provide to than jail in people throw to expensive more it's is, line bottom The today. food buy to money enough have not do they because tonight dinner skip may seniors American million 4 nearly is reality sad The seniors. for services other and programs nutrition expanding be should we them, need don’t who those to breaks tax more giving of Instead years. 40 past the over declining been has class middle American the is, reality the years, six last the gains made has economy the While senators. and scientists engineers, teachers, doctors, future nation’s our are they because today, people young our in invest to need We state. 14th the became Vermont today ago years 225 Vermont! birthday Happy issue. American an It's issue. liberal a or issue conservative a isn't reform finance Campaign power. in stay to ignorance and fear people’s manipulate instead people ordinary of needs the address can’t and rich the represent who Those candidates. the to money of amounts huge contribute rich the and vote people few where one is likes class ruling the "democracy" of kind The energies. sustainable and efficiency energy to move and fuel fossil on dependency our break independence, energy to move to time the is Now too. it understand to needs Congress Our guns. and tanks as war of cost a much as is veterans of care Taking understand: people American The departments. police our demilitarize must We armies. occupying like look not should neighborhoods African-American in departments Police elections. buying billionaires want don’t They elections. free want They elections. fair want people American The today. level that at live who seniors of percent 20 have we is reality sad the but year, a $7,600 on lives anybody how sure quite not I'm savings. retirement no have workers older of half than more world, the of history the in country wealthiest the America, in that absurd It's wider. growing is else everybody and rich very the between gap the and Earth on country major any than inequality wealth more have we Today eating. are they what know to right consumer's a about than profits own their about concerned more is Monsanto that unacceptable It's ideas. their on based people elect to right the have should we democracy, a In auctions. be not should Elections speech. free not is Money science." reject We what? know "You saying, Senate and House the controlling party a have you when frightening is really It immoral. it's economics- bad just isn't disabilities, with those and seniors for issue death and life a Security, Social Cutting doing. be should we what exactly is that and jobs, million 13 create would infrastructure our repair to investment trillion $1 a Making impossible. is nothing justice for together stand people when that showed Selma in lives their risked who people The them? to listening is who debts, horrendous with saddled being about talk kids class working When listens. Congress talks, Street Wall When end! to got has This medicine. or food buying of choice the budgets limited their with juggle to have seniors of millions Everyday, Americans. of millions for health to access to barrier significant a are medicines patented of prices the that is fact simple The engineered. genetically is food that whether and eating they're food the in is what know to want Americans is, fact simple The lives. their over control full have to order in health reproductive their over control full have must Women Policy Housing Racist University’s His on Testimony 1961 Sanders’ Bernie Read @MotherJones: RT Fed. the at henhouse the guarding are foxes The regulating. of charge in is it bankers very the by hijacked been has Reserve Federal The globe. the around all people to and States United the in here harm devastating causing already is change Climate here: Apply 18. March before in application your Get summer? this Sanders Bernie Sen. for intern to Want America. of history modern the in time any at than more almost poverty, in living Americans million 45 over have we that ridiculous It's bankruptcy. in up end not should person that hospital, the to goes person a when is line bottom The student. every to education higher quality affordable, an providing to commitment public our restore must we nation, a as that believe I lenders. responsible like acting start and sharks loan like acting stop must banks Big money? own our withdraw to fees large pay we do Why environment? the and families working represent that organizations or America Corporate legislation? trade on trust we should views Whose war. that of consequences unintended the comprehend to easy so not It countries. other on war declare to easy is It fail. to big too were they because out them bailed we before were they than bigger are US the in banks largest 10 the Today values. family real support and lead state's the follow to Congress for time It's leave. sick paid passing for Vermont of Proud science. rejecting is party political entire an virtually where history American in moment strange very a at are We democracy. our to risk systemic a pose already They nation. our over power political much too have institutions financial huge of handful A Bank. Export-Import the to come to yet has idea that But idea. radical a Not jobs. their protect must you then money, taxpayers' want you If imperative. moral a emissions gas greenhouse addressing rapidly makes communities vulnerable most our on impacts deadly change's Climate possible. as soon as so do to failing of cost the fear truly should energy renewable to transitioning of cost the about concerned Those veterans. are America in homeless are who people the of portion significant a that disgrace national a is It contributors. campaign wealthy just not and America of families working the representing start to Congress for overdue long is time The us. among people vulnerable most the treats it how by but has it millionaires and billionaires many how by not judged is nation A corporations. multinational just not taxpayers, American represent you then money, our use you If Bank: Export-Import the to message My bailout? their Where's collapse. Street Wall the of result a as wealth their of half lost community African-American The application. your in get to week a got You've summer? this Sanders Bernie Sen. with internship paid a Want today. senior of millions for death or life It's have. we program Federal important most the arguably is Security Social down. trickle to it for waiting done are people our of rest The top. the at those for off paid has corporations for rates growth High Vermont in Treatment Abuse Substance for Funds Center Health in Million $ Announces Sanders NEWS: change. climate reversing on lead the taking means that and stage, global the on leader a be to needs country our believe I wrong. dead been have they again, over and Over jobs. create would they us told agreements trade free of supporters again, over and Over for. pay to forgot he wars two into us took and billionaires to breaks tax gave Bush W. George because debt national large a such have We way. peaceful a in conflicts resolve to strength our use can we how but in, engage can we wars many how not is nation great a of test The lobbyists. fuel fossil to pander to order in planet our of future the risk to colleagues Republican my for irresponsible than more is It deductibles. and copayments high to due doctor a see to afford can't coverage health have who millions when broken is system care health Our hungry. go not does nation great our built that generation the that ensure must We insecurity. food experience seniors million 4 Nearly secretaries. their than lower is which rate tax effective an enjoy often managers fund hedge millionaire that unacceptable is It Americans. of percent 40 bottom the than wealth more is That today. billion $150 worth now is family Walton the that ridiculous It's infrastructure. crumbling a alongside exist cannot economy strong a and nation great a is line bottom The generations. future for habitable and healthy is that planet a leave to order in fuels fossil from away system energy our transform must We care. health quality to access have uninsured are who us of millions the ensure to duty collective our is It together. this in all are We 2007. in did she than year last less $1,337 earned worker female median the that outrageous It's dignity. with retire to going are they how wondering savings in $8,000 than less with Americans of millions have we is reality sad The safety. our compromising without military our to cuts judicious afford can we combined, nation's other every rivals budget military our When rebuild. class middle the help to well phenomenally doing are who corporations multinational and wealthy the for now is time The https:/… amendments through wants he what get to Congress of doors side the used has Sanders Bernie @nytpolitics: RT ago. long that all not savings life and homes, jobs, their lost people of millions the about forgotten sadly have we seems it Sometimes sources. energy sustainable local on reliant more and fuel, fossil on reliant less independent, energy more be to need we nation, a As now: Apply Friday. is summer this Sanders Sen. with internship paid a for deadline The them. defeat can we together but Washington, in lobbyists and money of supply unlimited virtually a have to seem may companies fuel Fossil activity. criminal a not disease, a is addiction that understand to begin we if need in people many help and lives save can We myth. that shatter help me Let illegal? wasn’t it but wrong been have may did Street Wall what that myth the heard we have times many How activity. illegal or unethical in engage competitors their likely was it said year a $500,000 over making executives Street Wall of 51% workplace. the in wrongdoing criminal potentially of knowledge firsthand have or witnessed they've say executives financial 3 in 1 than More successful. be to activity unethical or illegal in engage must they believe professionals service financial five in one Nearly overseas. jobs their shipped and workers American off laid then who corporations large to money taxpayer gave bank Export-Import The consequences. catastrophic avoid to able be not will we boldly, act not do we if - critical is change climate on action of decade next The $250,000. above income taxable on cap the lifting by grandchildren and kids our for solvent Security Social make to together work must We earth. ravages change climate while profits record in rake to companies fuel fossil allowed we why ask will grandkids our act, don't we If declining? been has women poor of expectancy life the world, the in nation richest the country, our in that it is horrific How Legislation Labeling GMO on Statement Sanders NEWS: labeled. be should GMOs that believe overwhelmingly who people American the of will the violates labeling GMO block to bill Roberts' Sen. bill. outrageous this rejected and corporations industry food and Monsanto of demands the to up stood Congress that pleased am I here. exist can’t it reason no is There countries. other 64 in exists labeling GMO eat. they food the in what's know to right a have People Nomination Court Supreme Obama’s President on Statement Sanders NEWS: theirs. do to Republicans for time It’s job. his done has @POTUS bench. the on experience of decades with nominee strong a is Garland Judge low. sixty-year a at are rates tax effective their and profits record make they though even taxes lower for everyday lobby Corporations democracy. It's radical. not That's money. lobbyists' not votes, constituents' their for working be should Politicians really: simple, It's through. going are people what see don't They years. 35 for stagnant been have wages that know lawmakers many think don't I 20%. top the than earlier years seven die 20% bottom the in income with People sentence. death a often is it discomfort, just not is Poverty potential. country's this understand you if not grandchildren, or kids your for future decent a want you if not - option an not is Despair absurdity. that end to time it’s Maybe period. ten-year a in billion $500 of tune the to jobs outsource that companies to breaks tax give We infrastructure. water our rebuild must We water. tap by poisoned being are kids American 2016 in that belief beyond It's ht… Funds Hedge from St. Main protect help to critical is @SenWarren @SenSanders w/@SenatorBaldwin My @SenJeffMerkley: RT banks. predatory of profits the of ahead uniform in women and men brave our of interests the put to time past It's boldly. act must We now. and here apparent are impacts the – future the for problem a just isn’t change Climate enough. sacrificed already have country this in many Too groups. vulnerable most our backs the on budget the balance not will we No, share. fair their pay to groups these ask we time high is It abroad. money their stashes Pfizer refund. a gets Verizon taxes. no pays Boeing accordingly. budgets their written have they and deficit the for blame to are poor the that been has decades for perspective Republican The unprecedented. be would nominee Court Supreme president's the on hearings hold to Refusing millions? affect which policies trade our draft voters, to accountable none negotiators, trade few a that it is democracy of perversion What hungry. go America in children when taxes paying avoid to able be not should corporations multinational Large Dodge Tax Pfizer Prevent to Treasury on Calls Sanders NEWS: infrastructure. our rebuild to longer any wait to us for high too is negligence of cost human and financial The Program Seniors Support to Effort Leads Sanders NEWS: earth. on country major any of rate poverty childhood highest the has States United the that disgrace national a is It … READ: . the for funds in increase 12% a urging letter a signed Senators 31 NEWS: @_MealsOnWheels: RT deserve. and earned have they that benefits the provide to today States United the in living veterans brave million 22 over the to it owe We speculators. wealthy of handful a just not Americans, all for work banking make to time It’s enough. is Enough $15/hour. to wage minimum the raise must We poverty. dire in live not should week a hours 40 works who person a that idea radical a not It's teachers. school public 425,000 than income more earned managers fund hedge 25 top the year, last that, unacceptable It's taxes lower to overseas moving from Pfizer stop to Treasury on calls Sanders @renaemerle: RT cuts. more demand they year every but low 60-year a at are taxes Corporate top: on few the guides Greed war. to send they women and men the of rehabilitation the for support meaningful provide to obligation moral a has government federal The funding. Grant Pell cut to demands right-wing to in give to afford cannot we force, labor educated an on depends future country's our When list. that join cannot GMOs reason practical no is there ingredients, 3,000 than more of labeling requires already States United the When need. us of rest the programs to spending cut and themselves for breaks tax get to elections our buy wealthy the when warfare class is It college. through childcare from world the in system educational best the have must we economy, global a in prosper to are we If sense. economic basic is wage minimum the Raising people. other by made products buy to money enough have don't people if jobs grow can't We percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost own now the in families 16,000 richest the that unacceptable It's there. and here both people working for lose-lose a was It NAFTA. after years 10 the in jobs million lost sector agricultural Mexico's punishment. capital abolish must We that. of part be should itself government that believe don't just I violence, much so of world a In break. tax another need don't they say to warfare class not is It years. 30 last the in immensely rise incomes their seen have wealthy The planet the save to system energy our transforming on focus Let's fine. doing They're companies. fuel fossil of profits the about worry Don't contract. fair a deserve possible that made who workers The years. 3 in profit in billion $39 made Verizon Medicaid. and Medicare Security, Social to cuts want not do they saying are who Americans of majority the to listening begin must Congress top. on those to went profits and down gone have benefits and wages their productive, more become have workers as that acceptable not is It families. income middle and low by out taken loans student off profits in billions making government of policy regressive the end should We combined. nations nine next the than military our on more spend we right, a as care health guaranteeing are nations other While assistance. necessary any offer to allies European our with stand and Brussels of people the to condolences deepest our offer We people. one as together stand we when nation, stronger a nation, greater a becomes America us. dividing in successful be will one No Wheels. on Meals support and expand Let’s hospital. the in day one of cost the for year entire an for senior a feed can We religion. a fighting not are We people. innocent killing is that organization barbaric a organization, terrorist a fighting are We Americans. most of needs the represent doesn't that wing right a and interests corporate powerful by set been has Congress long, too far For Constitution. the undermining without that do can you but terrorism, from people American the protecting in vigorous be must government The happen. to that allow cannot We country. our in people vulnerable most the attacking about not is America you. to up be should decisions control birth your do, you what or work you where matter No away. that take to able be shouldn't Bosses for. work they whom matter no control, birth to access women guaranteed ACA The ET. 6PM at Live TYT. on Sanders Bernie tonight: interview people's The @cenkuygur: RT https://t… staffer. @SenSanders a with transparency price drug prescription on working is committee care health VT @aprilburbank: RT want. Americans most what with touch of out way it's but clubs, country in popular be may corporations big and rich the for breaks tax New planet. our save to action bold for time the is Now moral. It's issue. political a not ultimately is change Climate activity. violent in involved never were who people many of lives the destroyed has which drugs, on war the about concerns real have I democracy. our protect to is face we task political major the increases, oligarchy of threat the As government. the control and own to want now They enough. not is economy our controlling and owning 1%, top the in many for Apparently nation our for tragedy a be will It individuals. those for tragedy a just isn't cost to due college to going from people young discourage To contributions." campaign for powerful and rich the begging without office for run can "You people: young tell should country Our #… transparent. more prices drug prescription making on in testified @SenSanders to aide An @erin_vt: RT reform. finance campaign with do to has That wider. grows poor the and rich the between gap the and soar salaries their seeing are CEOs ground. the in it keep must We clear. is evidence The today. persist consequences the and billion $7 to up cost spill oil Valdez Exxon The interests. money big by controlled and owned is large and by system political Our contributors. campaign their about less and future children's their about more worry to is Congress in deniers change climate for advice My $250,000. to tax payroll income the lifting by Security Social into share fair their pay to Americans wealthiest the ask must We elections. buy to able be shouldn't and vote a get don't They people. not are corporations America, in else everyone and me, and you Between bidder. highest the to sale for be, never must and not, are elections our clear: this make to need we survive, to is democracy our If more. for drill not oil, from away move to Time risk. the worth not is and claim advocates its goals the achieve not does drilling Offshore incomprehensible. is That profits. short-term for planet the destroy to willing are companies fuel Fossil export. one number our are jobs, not products, American that so laws policy trade our rewrite fundamentally to got have We ever. not now, Not drilling. offshore new no be must there that now by learn to disasters environmental enough had We've Americans. everyday with step of out profoundly are views whose class billionaire a by set be agenda Congress' let to continue cannot We identity. gender and orientation sexual on based discrimination end to all, for and once time, the is Now bonuses. and bailout a got economy our crashed who bankers yet debt, insurmountable with hit gets hard studies who student A wages. lower for hours longer working still are today Americas of millions productivity, in increases and technology in advances Despite infrastructure. transportation our in investment our increase must we economy, global the in compete to hope we if is, line bottom The trillion. $1 astronomical an to doubled has country this in billionaires 400 top the of worth net the decade past the over that absurd It's bigotry. end and together stand people American the that important is It combined. world the of rest the as much as almost spends which budget military bloated a maintain must States United the reason no is There taxes. federal in nothing to next pay to corporations enable which exist, currently that loopholes corporate the with away do must We gambling. casino-style on economy our risk not should We business. does Street Wall way the change fundamentally to need We energy. renewable and efficiency energy on focus must America economy, our improving and planet the protecting about serious are we If altered? genetically been has eat they food the if know don't Americans world, industrialized the in people most unlike that it is Why college. to go to able be will they school in well do they if yes, that know to money of lot a have don't who families from kids want I war. that in injured were who people those of care taking is war of cost The war. of cost a are that guns and tanks planes, just not It’s coverage. universal provide that nations other as capita per care health for much as twice pay to us for sense economic much make doesn't It income. disposable lack families working and disappearing is class middle the when sustainable or vibrant become cannot economy Our US. in more times 4 costs which drug cancer prostate a of cost the lower to in step to NIH &amp; HHS urges Sanders NEWS: prices. drug prescription high outrageously lower to available tool every use should government States United The end. must prices unconscionable charging of era the that notice on industry drug the put and profiteering blatant this stop must We ideas. of flow free the for and businesses small for country, our for disaster a be would neutrality net Ending cost drug cancer prostate lower to agencies health want lawmakers @ReutersPolitics: RT billionaires. the for and billionaires the by billionaires, the of government a have we where oligarchy an toward moving are We them. of one not is Fracking change. climate to solutions energy clean have We ground. the in fuels fossil keep to commit must We fuels. fossil on dependence our break and emissions carbon cut significantly must We voice. a people working give will who justice a confirm must We union. a form to harder, not easier, it make must We movement. union trade the to part large in thanks won workers benefits the of few a just are Medicare and wage minimum the Security, Social wealthy. the from money most the hustle can who not ideas, best the has who by determined be should elections that dictates sense Common family. every to promise that keep must We college. to go kids their see they'd parents as hard worked they if that was dream parents' My powerful. the protect to elections buy could billionaires so vote to right our for died and fought women and men that believe not do I them. among not is breaks tax rich the giving while vulnerable the benefit that programs cutting but deficits reduce to ways fair are There record. on increase single-year largest its saw men among gap wage the 2015 In Act. Rights Voting the restore to time It's vote. to poor the and minorities for harder it making are America across legislatures Republican engagement. military to resorting before solutions diplomatic pursue to obligation moral the has Sates United the that belief firm my is It profits of out cut are and wages lower for hours longer working still are workers soared, has America in productivity while that absurd It's deductibles. and copayments high needlessly by burdened being families of injustice the end will system care health single-payer a to Moving contributors. campaign major and class billionaire the to respond just not and want, people American the what to listen must Congress end. must This education. higher a afford to unable are people young qualified and bright of thousands of hundred that disgrace a It's pay. longer no will crime that message clear a send and industry pharmaceutical the to up stand must We disaster. financial from away accident car or diagnosis one are country richest world’s the in people of millions that unconscionable is It online. get families working of millions help and Lifeline expand to @FCC the urge I luxury. a not necessity, a is access Broadband health. women's with politics play to Republicans for dangerous and shameful It's values. democratic its losing country their see and around look they as angry be to right a have people American the think I change. climate combat to action bold demand and interests fuel fossil to up stand must We waste. to time no There's need. they medication the afford can't who millions of lives the for fighting means hikes price senseless over lobby drug the Challenging America. in impossible are healthcare- universal college, affordable instituted- have nations other many programs that accept not should We union. a form to right Constitutional their exercise to workers empower to need we class, middle crumbling the rebuild to going are we If sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have should Earth, on country richest the in people all of least one, No country. this in municipality every like debt its restructure to authority the Rico Puerto give to immediately act must Congress planet. our protecting to vital is which Plan Power Clean the dismantle to industry fuel fossil the allow cannot We it. receive aid housing for qualify that families of 25% only earth, on nation richest the in that unacceptable It's billionaires. some than rate tax higher a pay firemen and teachers nurses, as such Americans everyday that outrageous It's wage. minimum the suspending and teachers more firing schools, more closing by improved be not will crisis economic Rico's Puerto benefits. cut, not expand, to need we why That's poverty. of out seniors of millions of tens kept has Security Social years, 81 past the For contributors? campaign billionaire the of those or interests our for stand you Do Congress: ask must people American The Americans. many so for sentence death a is poverty today country our in that grotesque morally It's answer. the not is fracking simply, Put water. our poisons and risks earthquake increases crisis, climate the to contributes Fracking that. change will and can We ignorance. and fear people's manipulate to been has politics in success to route surefire the decades, For system. energy our transform to funds with up come to hard be not would it banks, respects it as much as planet our respected Congress If leave. family paid provide to not nation industrialized only the being of embarrassment international the end to needs States United The poor. the helps misery and hunger increasing that years for us told which reform," "welfare of cruelty the with terms to come yet haven't We CEOs. corporate benefit to CEOs corporate by written They're about. all are agreements trade disastrous our what understands Everyone increasing. is poverty and collapsing is class middle the well phenomenally doing are corporations wealthy while that unacceptable It's back. fight must We brothers. Koch the like billionaires right-wing by hijacked be to nation great our allow cannot We fuels. fossil from away system energy our transforming by jobs paying good of millions create to ability the has States United The less. not government, in compassion more need We need. in those to assistance provide to government federal the for harmful or bad not is It powerful. and wealthy the just not and people our of all represent to is Congress States United the of function The Enough. is Enough Finds. GAO Benefits, Security Social Earned on Out Losing and Young Dying are Americans Low-Income NEWS: Security. Social cut, not expand, to need we savings, retirement no have workers older of half over When deserve. they dignity and earned they’ve benefits the with retire to able be should American Every sentence. death a be not should Poverty @CBSNews for story my -- them for off paying isn't Security Social earlier, die poor the As @aimeepicchi: RT share. fair their pay must They overseas. jobs move that companies to breaks tax provide to continue cannot States United The system. political our in equality for victory a is ruling Today's vote. one person, one about is democracy American https://t.… . of nature progressive eroding are poor &amp; rich America’s btwn expectancy life in disparities Growing @NCPSSM: RT tax. carbon a implement must States United the emissions, gas greenhouse of reduction the in leader global a be to order In https://t… @SenSanders Wrong: . cut to need we so longer living "everyone's" say Elites @SSWorks: RT Security. Social strengthen can we cap the lifting By $118,500. making person a as Security Social into amount same the pay Millionaires America. for vision bold and radical his out carry to fight must we King Luther Martin Dr. honor truly To families. working not wealthy, very the for works It fraud. a is economics down trickle that overwhelming is evidence the think I shelters. tax offshore through year each taxes in billions avoid to wealthy the allow that loopholes code tax eliminate must Congress them. eliminate to is do to thing, just the and thing, responsible fiscally the and fraud tax legalized but nothing are havens tax Offshore Panamanians. proud they’re taxes, pay to time it’s when but 2008, in money our needed they when pie apple as American as acted banks Big taxes. US evade rich the helped it show, Papers Panama the as because, Agreement Trade Panama the opposed I Dodges Tax Corporate Curb to Rules New Applauds Sanders NEWS: taxes. dodge to system the gaming from companies American profitable block to rules new announced has Treasury the that pleased am I taxes. of share fair your pay also to got You've protections. legal our enjoy to want you when only company domestic a be can’t You 🇵🇦 🔮 👴 Papers Panama the of revelations the predicted Sanders Bernie speech, 2011 a In @qz: RT need. we jobs of millions the create can we so loopholes, tax corporate close to legislation pass must Congress continue. to allowed be not will greed their that notice on corporations profitable put have rules new Treasury’s states. fifty all in wage livable a ensure let’s Now wage. minimum the raising and voters to listening for York New and California applaud I door. revolving Street-Washington Wall the close must we there, get To class. middle the for works that Reserve Federal a deserve Americans wages. starvation than better deserve They people. overworked most world’s the are people American the shows study after Study emissions. gas greenhouse of reduction the and independence energy toward nation our leads that revolution energy an is needs America What action. decisive taking for Obama President applaud I taxes. dodge to attempt transparent a was merger Pfizer’s people. all to care health guarantee not does that nation industrialized only the remains America that wrong fundamentally is It budget. defense our of equivalent the havens, tax in store they cash the on taxes in billion $620 owe would companies largest The voters. their to listening aren’t Congress in Republicans increased. it see to want and wage minimum the like conservatives of majority A taxes. American pay to got also have You people. American the from bailout a want you when only company American an be can you think don't I do. to thing moral the and smart financially It’s year. a costs care health in billions of hundreds us save would system Medicare-for-all A exist. not did Medicaid and Security Social because themselves for fend to had poor the and elderly the days the to back go cannot We better. deserve people American The citizens. everyday over Street Wall benefits that system political a and economy an tolerate not must We enough. is Enough GDP. our of percent 60 nearly to equivalent are that assets have US the in banks largest six the that ridiculous It's today. pass Act Americans Older the the see to Pleased vulnerable. most its for cares it how by judged is nation A 1968. since 30% by fallen has which of value real the wage, minimum federal the raise and states the follow to Congress on is onus The off. laid just they folks to products their sell then and nations low-wage to move to businesses enabling be not should policies trade Our percent. 1 the for and percent 1 the by percent, 1 the of is that government a have we that demonstrated Street Wall on crisis financial The share. fair their pay must They history. recent in time other any at than Security Social to less contribute Americans wealthiest the Today, jobs. paying good creates that economy productive the of part is that system banking a have to States United the for idea radical a not It's jobs. outsourcing while bailout our taking not America, in investing means company a Being CEO: GE's to memo My states. 50 all to $15 for fight the bring let’s Now wage. minimum the raising and voters to listening for York New and California applaud I dignity. and decency of lives live to entitled are Americans all that conviction the to dedicated been has career political entire My money. big by corrupted totally been has system political American The can: I as blunt as be me Let end. must This profits. enormous reaping while impunity with planet our destroy to industry fuel fossil the allow continually cannot We consumers American for rates interest better and industry services financial the within competition more to lead will banks smaller Creating day. every choice that make to have millions yet and food, their and medicine their between choose to have ever should in America in one No levels. unimaginable and obscene reached has inequality wealth and income of level the richer, much become rich the as that outrageous It’s crisis. change climate the of severity the acknowledging by country the of rest the and community scientific the with up catch must Congress Depression. Great the since downturn economic worst the into US the plunged Street Wall on behavior reckless the that forget never us Let orientation sexual or gender their on not add I'd And skin. their of color the on not character, their on people judge You us: told King Dr. again. ever Americans everyday of livelihood the destroy never can Street Wall of recklessness and greed the that ensure must Congress tax. carbon a of form the in communities our on effects their and fuels fossil price to idea radical a not It's Americans. for loans affordable ensuring rather but possible as profits much as making about be not should banking of function the believe I day. every Americans of millions to security and dignity provides program the since especially granted for Security Social take not must We energy. solar in invest should we then way cost-effective a in independence energy toward moving about serious is States United the If today. it do can't we hell the why know don't I ago, years 50 free tuition be could college If it. do to going ain't same-old same-old, the that serious so are country this facing problems The politics. establishment for late too is It crisis. into economy world the send would failure its that extensive so holdings have should institution financial single no is line Bottom end. must that fraud tax legalized of form a It’s refine. or reform to need we that something isn’t network haven tax offshore The sense. makes that that thinks Nobody people. up locking year a billion $80 spending We're values. democratic our and security economic our both endanger banks Big elections. buy to enough big also is fail to big too that's bank A quickly. very fire catches it idea, an of justice the see people when But radical. too was hour an $15 ago, years 5 idea. radical a not is pay Equal job. same the for men to compared year per less $10,000 make women average on that absurd It's work. equal for pay equal be should there America, In fairness. basic of issue an It's issue. partisan a not is equity Pay discrimination. and sexism but nothing is That 55%. it's women, Hispanic For makes. man white a what of 60% make women Black accountable. held be must they law the breaks officer police a if official, public other any Like story. of End address. to technology and knowledge the have we that crisis planetary a is it and hoax, a not real, is change Climate work. same the perform who men to compared dollar the on cents 79 earn women that unconscionable It's elections. of funding public and reform finance campaign on focus must we oligarchy, an into democracy our turning from billionaires keep To discrimination. gender without dreams their fulfill to possibility the has the in everyone that ensure to together work must We Finds GAO Taxes, Income Federal Zero Pay Corporations Profitable Many NEWS: taxes. income federal in nothing pay corporations profitable major that absurd it's debt national trillion $19 a has country this When share. fair their pay must They hungry. go America in children when breaks tax more get to continue cannot corporations Large oligarchy. political and economic into slide we do or class billionaire the on take to prepared are we whether is time our of question The benefits. health and wages fair employees its give to afford can it million, $20 CEO their pay to afford can Verizon If greed. corporate to end an put must We makes. worker typical the what times 300 nearly making are CEOs that fact the accept not must US The up. broken be must powerful that Institutions laws. regulation bank our of some written literally they've powerful so are lobbyists bank Big taxes. of share fair their paying start to well phenomenally doing are who corporations wealthy large, ask to idea radical a not It's country. our in democracy of future the about much very very, worry I but this, say I when comfortable aren't people that know I place. takes change when that's wage, minimum the raising or rights gay it's whether level, grassroots the at organize you When Pope? the or Sanders Bernie it: said Who @CNNJustin: RT … war. drug the end to UN urging others 1,000+ joining for @SenSanders @CoryBooker @SenWarren thanks BIG @DrugPolicyOrg: RT overseas. hide corporations let we revenue tax potential of amount the 1/120th costs plan jobs youth billion $5 "radical" My money. for them to go that politicians the own they and process, political the own increasingly class billionaire and class millionaire The them. for it end will we greed, their end not do they if that Street Wall tell to time It’s idea. radical a not equality basic of issue an is pay Equal right. they're And dollar. damn whole the want America in Women share. fair their pay must They 2014. to 2008 between taxes in nothing paid America in corporations large of one-fifth that outrageous It's hour. an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum federal the raise to got have We poverty. in live to deserves worker full-time No http… → countries poor costs it what Here's . in TRILLION $ stash companies US 50 Top @OxfamAmerica: RT free. scot off get Street Wall on crooks the but arrested gets marijuana smokes who kid the that outrageous is It too. taxes of share fair their pay can they then people, American the from bailout a need they when American be can corporations If Francis Pope by speech a annotated I Sanders: Bernie @washingtonpost: RT humanity. of half nearly That's people. billion as wealth same the have individuals 62 just that alarming It's check. bailout a for Congress to go to get don't they banks big unlike and accounts savings their in $1,000 than less have Americans of 62% https:… policy drug global of overhaul for call in celebrities leaders, world joins Sanders Bernie @TheWorldPost: RT decades. for them burden will that debts heavy with college leave undergraduates of percent 70 that disgrace national a It's wealth. of accumulation the just than more about be should lives our that is saying I'm and saying is pope the What end. must This year. each billion $111 approximately the costs corporations multinational of dodging tax the that disgrace a It's breaks. tax in billion $337 get To officials? elected lobbying billion $ spend companies largest 50 the did Why one. moral a mostly is challenge Our financial. even or technological mainly not are planet our facing challenges The about. be should life human what not That’s poorer. others and richer themselves make that policies pushing billionaires see I time, the All return. in anything expecting aren't they suggest to naive be would It year. every lobbying on million $20 over spent banks biggest The dignity. with retire to able be will they how idea no and savings in $10,000 than less have Americans of half nearly that appalling It's leave. sick and family medical, paid guaranteed through life decent a at chance a have should States United the in person working Every change. must That richer. got rich the while stagnated have wages their decades for because angry is America in class middle The billion. bottom the than wealth more own world the in folks richest 62 the when wrong massively something is There share. fair their pay must everyone society, democratic a In lobbyists. with rate tax own their buy to able be not should Corporations education. an get can American every so free tuition college making by start can We again? reality a dream American the make we do How energy. renewable to gas and coal oil, from away system energy our transforming by change climate fight and jobs of million create can We year. per billion $100 us cost that havens tax offshore of outrage blatant the end should we Security, Social to cuts demand we before Maybe loopholes tax corporate closing by infrastructure our rebuild to jobs of millions create to needed revenue necessary the create can The rich. the to poor and class middle the from wealth of transfer enormous an been there’s years 40 for that is reality The apart. them tear not families, unify that policies immigration humane for strive must we immigrants, by built nation a As shoulders? parents' off is that load of kind what know you Do doctor. the to them take can you that know should you sick, gets kid your When jobs. good-paying create but environment the protect only not will fuels fossil from away system energy our Transforming democracy. our over power unprecedented people ultra-wealthy few a given has United Citizens donations. PAC super of 41% give people 50 Just 1%. top the for and by operated economy an with us left have Reaganomics and deregulation good, common the at aimed economy an than Rather off us ripping are companies drug Big medication. existing on hikes price to part large in due was year last spending drug in rise The billionaires. wealthy just not Americans, day every of lives the improving are politicians which in one be should democracy for vision Our . fuels. fossil from away system energy our move to boldly act we that vital absolutely is It incarceration. and jails more not education, and jobs in invest to have we that understood we time high is It IRS. the from refund million $604 received but year, last taxes income federal in nothing paid Stanley Morgan that ludicrous It's hungry. go should senior no nation, rich this In today. law into Act Americans Older the of extension an signed president the pleased I’m make. can corporation a that investment profitable most the be not should lobbyists on dollars of millions spending democracy, a In donors. big for disregarded are interests whose person working each on effects real has It debate. arcane an isn't finance Campaign privilege. a not right, a as people all to care health guarantee and country industrialized major other every join to got has US The fundraising. time their half spend to need longer no will members whose Congress efficient more a create we finance, campaign reform we When loans. auto on than higher times three to two are loans student on rates interest that unfair grossly It's leave family paid guarantee must We value. family a not is born is kid their after days work to back go to baby newborn a of parents Forcing end. must This survive. to benefits care health some and income enough together cobble to just jobs three or two work people insane It's States? United the in required not it is why world, the around countries 64 in required is food modified genetically labeling When it. do can we then it, does country major every if Scandinavia, if Germany, If care? health universal have can't we only that it is Why 1%. top the to class middle the from transferred got trillion $1 as "radical" redistribution wealth calling Congress in folks hear didn't I win. they fight, and up stand people American the When it. demand people of millions when happens always Change prosperity. economic nation's our in investment an is education higher a achieve to students qualified all allowing that recognize must We change. that for fight us of millions unless America change to going aren't we that quo status the in invested so are donors powerful Big, $ of wages starvation make workers while years 36 over 1000% by increase salaries their see can CEOs that me to sense no makes It debt. financial crushing without school leave and college to go can income, of regardless country, this in kid every certain make to need We country this in jobs union of number the increase must we class, middle the rebuilding and inequality income reducing about serious we're If year. last raise 368% a received CEO its employees, its for wage minimum hour an $15 an opposed has McDonald's while that insane It's wages. lower for hours longer worker still are Americans history, human in economy advanced technologically most the in living Despite education? an getting for debt insurmountable with them saddling by families middle-class and poor from kids sending we are message What again. so do can we and -- unimaginable once was that progress made we've America in but easily, comes never Change fuels. fossil of use our to end an put must We grandchildren. our and kids our for planet habitable a leave to obligation moral the have We died. people of thousands of hundreds and Iraq invaded we lies of series a on based that is Radical radical. isn't platform My yesterday. it do to have We system. energy our transform to way bold a in move to got We've crisis. global a is change Climate right. a as care health guarantee doesn't that country major only the in living are You radical: is that something know to want You government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does view, my in speech, of Freedom vote. to registered automatically is age voting of is who anyone that ensuring by turnout increase and suppression voter combat can We it. demand people of millions when place taken always has change Real McConnell. Mitch with down sitting by place take not does change Real share. fair their paying begin to have they that corporations large and wealthy the to says which reform tax for overdue long is time The job. another get to needs and coward political a is vote the suppress to laws passes who politician Any success. your determine should wealth family's your that people young to message terrible the sends college of cost rising The living. of standard decent a have to States United the in child and woman man, every for idea radical a not is It left. class middle a be won't there soon class, billionaire the by on stepped getting that's class middle the for up stands Congress Unless nation. great a be to need we economy the not it's And moral. not is It unsustainable. is It economy. rigged a have we is, truth The cities. inner the rebuild to money enough never there’s somehow But billionaires. for breaks tax for and war for money always There’s hour. an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum the raise must We simple. It's poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who Nobody Period. drivers. truck or nurses than rate tax effective lower a pay millions make who managers fund hedge that acceptable not is It check-up. a afford couldn't they because room emergency an in up end not should They cost. about worry to have shouldn't sick get who People prices. higher and options fewer to lead will merger This access. internet and cable affordable deserve Americans corrupt. respects, many in but unfair, grossly only isn't which America in system political a reform must we that means socialism Democratic dignity. with retire to unable are they when free truly not are People family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are People interests. special powerful just not us, of all for works that government a create must We people. those by shaped is worldview their Inevitably donations. for ask to folks wealthy calling is day after day job politicians' Many America. in folks many for reality a longer no is dream That college. to kids their send to able were but money much had never parents My people. billion as wealth much as own people 60 wealthiest the when economy global our with wrong fundamentally is Something system. finance campaign our reform to necessary is it that belief the in united are conservatives and progressives that show clearly Polls percent. 1 the just not and us of all to belongs government States United the that forget never must We discrimination. gender to end an put must We advancement. to barriers face still women that agree millennials of 59% see to saddening It's all. for affordable is education higher ensure must we ago years 50 was degree school high a what to equivalent is degree college a that Now Americans. wealthiest the benefit to Street Wall by rigged been has that system political a and economy an tolerate longer no must We greed. corporate is answer The by? get to just jobs three to two working are people world, the in country wealthiest the in that it is Why percent. 99 bottom the than wealth more owns percent 1 top the when system economic our about unsustainable and immoral something is There families. wealthy of number small a by not and one-vote, one-person, by decided truly are elections that so United Citizens overturn must We America in senator popular most the still Sanders: Bernie @MorningConsult: RT be. to have not does That quo. status the change can’t we think to taught are We small. think to taught are we ways, different thousand a In Law Registration Voter Automatic New Vermont’s on Statement Sanders NEWS: process. political the in participate to people for easier it making by nation the leading again once is Vermont that proud I’m investment. good a know they because Congress lobbying millions spend They dumb. not they're but fraudulent be may Street Wall on Bankers agree. millennials of percent 48 and right, a as care health provide to States United the for idea radical a not It's concerns. your to listen representatives elected your whether or doctor, a see or college to go can you whether determine not should Income breaks. tax 1% the giving and wars 2 for pay to forgetting by caused themselves they deficit a for poor the blame to GOP the for cruel It's registration. voter automatic need We lowest. the of one not world the in turnouts voter highest the of one have America see to want I people. all of right a is care health Yes, it: repeat to me allow so point, this for criticized been I’ve cuts. Security Social with start must reduction deficit say to secretaries their than rates tax lower with billionaires for disgraceful It's leave. medical and family paid guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the with up catch to States United the for time It's contributions. for billionaires beg to have should candidate no progressive, or conservative you're whether care don't I change. must and unacceptable is that 2016 year the in America, In water. clean with struggling communities are there country this over All global. the across and America in both time our of issue moral and political economic, greatest the is inequality income and Wealth site: collection a Find today. medication expired or unused your in Turn abuse. drug prescription prevent Help Brothers.” Koch the by “Sponsored saying: clothing their on patches NASCAR-style have Congress of members when day a for headed We're percent's. 1 top the as rate same the at grew incomes regular if year a $156,000 make would household average The economy: rigged a is This tax. carbon a implementing by change climate combat and States United the in emissions gas greenhouse reduce substantially can We them. wrote who lobbyists corporate was it because knew They them. passed they when about were deals trade free what knew Congress war. that into off going kids his be to going not is it that understand is, he tough how world the telling politician some hear you When too. government the own to want they economy, the own to enough not It's greed. is religion Their religious. very is class billionaire The wage. living a workers your pay welfare, off Get Walmart: of family Walton the to say I Congress. in henhouse the guard foxes Truly, industry. their affecting bills the write lobbyists often how realize people most think don't I all. for affordable be must education, higher to care child from America, in education quality that belief firm my It's day. a $5 making workers with competition in workers American put that deals trade of effect the predict to economics an need don't You population. our of half - Americans million 120 bottom the than wealth more owning people 20 about be to supposed not is America country. our in equity pay need we earns, man a dollar every for cents 79 earn workers women when time a At money. of lack a of because work to back forced be should parent new No about. is values family real what is This accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there Asian, and Latino white, black, straight, and gay women, and men together, stand we If China. or Mexico in just not America, in products those making start to got have they products, their buy to us wants America corporate If democracy. American undermining system finance campaign corrupt a got we've is truth The hour. an $15 to wage starvation a from wage minimum the raising by Americans million 53 least at of wages the increase to need We elections. funded publicly to move to be must goal ultimate our opportunity, the has office for run to wants who anyone ensure To system. criminal-justice broken our of indictment clear a is behavior illegal their for Street Wall on crooks the prosecute to failure The companies. drug by hikes price opportunistic to stop a put must We years. five last the in doubled has drugs name-brand of price The … teachers Country North his thanks @SenSanders, for director state Fiermonte, Phil @VTEducation: RT money away giving like they because 2014 in donations campaign and lobbying on million $800 spent Street Wall think to as naive so is one No end. to got has This debt. student with burdened Americans million 43 over with country this in proportions crisis reached has debt Student years. 2 just in dollars billion $157 over by increase worth net their saw country the in individuals wealthiest 14 the that outrageous It's priority. top our be should leave medical and family paid guaranteed values, family to dedication its on itself prides that nation a As companies. fuel fossil to breaks tax in billions giving continue to inappropriate completely is it face, we crisis planetary the Considering interests. special powerful on take to prepared are and people American the with stand they clear it making by success find will Democrats Congress. of true is same the why explaining in way long a goes Americans most with step of out wildly are views billionaires' that fact The jobs. outsource to trying corporations multinational not it, oppose who groups environmental and unions of side the take must we TPP, the On leave. maternity paid provide not does that Guinea New Papua besides country only the being about be not should exceptionalism American obstacle. an tuition making without person every of capacities intellectual the tap must we country, this facing crises the confront To line. poverty the below living currently are kids of 21% and Americans million 47 nearly that unacceptable It's years. 82 it's away hours 6 Just years. 64 just is men for expectancy life the Virginia, West County, McDowell In away. goes it hope and rug the under sweep cannot we that issue an is This poverty. of result a as year every die people 130,000 disgrace. a is That Korea. North in dictatorship under living people than shorter lifespans have boroughs poorest Baltimore’s of Residents injustice. an but tragedy a merely isn't it Bank, West the than mortality infant higher with neighborhoods have nation, richest the we, When much. have already who few the to goes it of all if much worth isn't growth of sake the for Growth people. the serve should Wealth people. vulnerable most our and poor the for care take we how is progress our of test the that said he when right absolutely was FDR win. they us, divide they If win. we Security, Social to right the for education, for wages, decent for fight we if knows class ruling The address. must we issue an is This table. the on food enough put to struggle that families in living are today America in children million 15 economy. energy clean a toward shift we as jobs new find industry fuel fossil the in families working help to responsibility moral a have We subsides. in them give we year a billion $20 the need don’t They planet. our destroying of off wealthy enormously got companies fuel Fossil the in jobs good-paying of millions create can we solar, and wind as such energies clean toward fuels fossil from away transitioning By failed. have policies trade free unfettered our that understand to economics in PhD a have to have not do You earth. on hours longest the of some work to continue Americans years, 100 last the over productivity in increases huge Despite today. America in income new the of all of percent 58 earn to percent 1 top the allow not does that economy an need We enough. is Enough nation. our of bedrock a considered widely is it now yet ago, long that all not radical considered once was wage minimum a of idea very The return. in something wants person that campaign, a on dollars of millions spending is someone if know They dumb. not are people American The trend. that reverse to threatens politics in Money democracy. inclusive more a towards moved steadily but slowly nation our centuries, For heroin. beside classified be to deserves marijuana that believes sincerely one No marijuana. on ban federal the lift to time is It rich. the to give to poor the from take to want they reverse: in philosophy Hood Robin the is reduction deficit to approach Republican The vision. their safeguard must We vote.” one person, “one protect to sacrifices enormous made country our in women and Men future. the of jobs energy clean the for need they training the receive fuels fossil on dependent been have that communities ensure must We year. each commuters for dollars of thousands save and emissions gas greenhouse our cut boldly would transportation public our in Investing decades. for carry will them of many which burden debt heavy very a with school graduate and college leaving people young accept not must We $250,000. above income taxable on cap the lift must we generations, future for solvent fully be to Security Social want we If penalty. death the maintain that China like countries than democracies European with stand we rather I'd punishment. capital end must We lowered. been have taxes their while richer far grown have country this in people wealthiest the homeless, and hungry are children our While rehab housing for million $3 receives Vermont @bfp_news: RT politicians. sell and buy to corporations major and wealthy very the allows which finance campaign to approach absurd an have We contributors. campaign big-money the to responsive are They Americans. ordinary of needs the to responsive not is Congress the Increasingly system. the rig further to class ruling the for easier much that becomes it suppressed, is minorities and poor the of vote the When generation. every by fought be must that struggle a is It year. a or day, a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle The combined. teachers kindergarten nation's the all than more made managers hedge 25 top the that disgrace a is It campaigns. their sponsor who billionaires the of employees paid become will Congress the finance, campaign reform we Unless out. them bail to hook the on be again once would people American the tomorrow, again collapsed banks big the if is, matter the of truth The drilling. offshore all ban to time it's Now Arctic. the of out Oil Big get helped who activists the of Proud values. democratic our to threat a but security, economic our to threat a only not inequality income made has system finance corrupt A income. their of regardless need, they services care health the to access have should Americans All privilege. a not right, a is care Health unacceptable. is That havens. tax offshore in cash their stash corporations large because revenue in year a billion $100 over lose We veterans. our for accessible more benefits making against vote who ones the often are wars new for advocate who people same the Shamefully, top. on few the just not people, our of all benefit to needs growth economic that belief the is socialism Democratic richer. grew Street Wall while it for pay to had they but recession, the cause not did they understand they angry: be to right are People old. the and sick the protect to money enough have don't we say now and breaks tax population the of portion wealthiest the gave Republicans today. America in do they as little so have many so and much so have few so when economically or politically survive cannot nation A elected. gets who determine people wealthy very of handful a which in system political a toward moving rapidly We're honest. be Let’s Americans. of 43% than wealth more owns family One like: looks inequality what is This fracking. all ban must we change climate combatting about serious we're if but step, good a is leaks methane Curbing Reagan. Ronald socialist" "radical under paid they what today taxes in paid corporations if colleges public tuition-free fund fully could We deserve. they benefits the of all and care the of all receives veteran last very the until continue will that battle a is war of cost The … Fed: the diversify to Yellen asking lawmakers among are @SenWarren and .@SenSanders @ReutersBiz: RT it. expand to going are We Parenthood. Planned defund and attack viciously to right-wing extreme the allow to going not are We holiday: national a Day Election make to legislation introduced I why That's @POTUS. agree I 1993. DC for advocated Bernie when to medication. affordable include must That right. human a is care health to Access $750! costs drug cancer lifesaving a of pill one Just savings. retirement no have workers older our of half than more world, the of history the in country wealthiest the as that absurd It's dignity. with retire to everyone enable to funding increase must we skyrocketing, is seniors of number the When real. is change climate that clear and loud us telling is that community scientific the to listening start to Republicans for time high It's Americans. million 130 bottom the by owned is what than more by increased Americans 15 of wealth the years, 2 last the in that absurd It's . must we communities coastal our protect To drilling. offshore safe as thing such no There's States. United the in exist to used it fact, In idea. radical a not is free tuition university or college public a to go to right The area. wealthiest the in born person a than less years 20 live to expect can neighborhood poorest Baltimore's in born someone Horribly, body. your on havoc wreaks rent, pay or food afford can you if how knowing not of stress the paycheck, to paycheck living of physiology The jobs. new of millions create also would it efficient, and productive more country our make only not would investment Infrastructure free. tuition universities and colleges public make must we why That's cost. to due college attending from deterred feel should one No now. right moment a such in are we believe I unacceptable. is quo status the say to together come people when country this in happens Change planet. the than important more not are profits short-term their them tell and industry fuel fossil the to up stand to guts the have must We wage. minimum the raising against lobbying millions spend to much so have who executives bank big for obscene It's quo status the change cannot we you tells who anyone believe Don't up. bottom the from comes it down, top the from place takes never Change American. average the failing grotesquely is that system political a of symptom one just is corporations large very the for breaks tax More powerful. very on take necessary, when and, poor the with stand to courage the have we imperative is it society, moral a be to striving In apart. them tear not families, unite that policies immigration enact to need we immigrants, hardworking by built nation a As them. cut not benefits, expand must we income, their of all almost for Security Social on depend America in seniors of one-third When world. the maybe and nation a city, a transform can that politics a forge can they system, rigged a against together stand folks When changes. fundamental make to strive must We system. finance campaign corrupt a and economy rigged a has that today country a in live We rule. the is It rule. the to exception the not is It Street. Wall on model business the is Fraud consequences. dangerous and unintended often are there that see you change, regime in involvement American of history the at look you If health. and mind your on takes survival for fighting toll the including like, is poverty what understand money have who people sure not I'm end. must greed companies' Drug drugs. heart lifesaving on rebates 10-40% for praised be shouldn't Valeant 200% over prices raising After harder. even fight to us inspires made already have we changes the of recognition And odds. overwhelming of face the in even comes, Change recession. the after whites for was it than today higher is graduates black for unemployment that tragedy a It's Rico. Puerto in Americans million the help can it Street, Wall out bail could Reserve Federal the If prescription. a or check-up a afford couldn't they because America of States United the in dying be not should People it. maintain to children our to and them to it owe We vision. democratic our maintain to died and struggled have people many Too Virus Zika Combat to Funding Emergency Supports Sanders NEWS: nightmare. a become has dream American the many, For fallen. has living of standard our yet overworked most the of some are workers American else. everyone on impact an has everyone is about is life human what believe I but vulnerable, the on backs our turn to easy seem can It day. each survive to struggle many so while millennia for families their support to wealth enough have few small a when justice no is There deserve. they pay the got Americans working hard time It’s families. of millions help will pay overtime Extending workers. of millions for news good and direction right the in step a is rules overtime in change overdue long This hurt. you hurt, kids my when And hurt. I hurt, children your when hurt, you when level, some on is, truth The together. this in are We end. to got has gap pay grotesque This worker. average the than more times 335 makes CEO average the that absurd It's backs. their on clothes the just with often Syria fleeing are who refugees the on backs our turn not must We deserve. they benefits the provide to obligation moral a have we veterans, our to owe we debt the repay truly never can we While change? climate of reality the accept Republicans will When planet. our for warmth record of months consecutive 12 $15/hour. of wage living a to wage minimum federal the raise must We it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job a 2016, In energies. clean to fuels fossil from away system energy our transforming by change climate reversing in leader a be can The infrastructure! our rebuild to time It's deficient. structurally as designated been have bridges 600,000 nation's our of percent 10 Nearly oligarchy. It’s democracy. not is billionaires supporting Billionaires healthcare. oral affordable and quality to access have should Everyone teeth. their of all lost have 60+ Americans of 25% America. corporate of much and Street Wall on take to prepared are you unless frankly, needs, country this that changes the make can't One equality. basic about It's discrimination. from protected be must students transgender live, you where or to go you school what matter No Rico Puerto in Board Control A Establish to Legislation to Opposition in Statement Sanders NEWS: unacceptable. is and direction wrong the exactly in move a is Rico Puerto in board control unelected an establish to legislation The children. for austerity more need don’t We crisis. financial Rico Puerto the exacerbated who've managers fund hedge for austerity need We we. can so leave, maternity paid have can country major other every If birth. giving after days work to back forced be should mother No in. living be should we nation the is that think don't I poor. the for caring than rather wealth worships which nation a in living are We elections. and candidates buy to able being billionaires about be should democracy, our not certainly and democracy, No country. our of history the in worst the of one is decision United Citizens the that record will History spread. Zika's stop to efforts fund quickly must We crisis. health public this address to wait to afford cannot We money: is answer The drugs? dangerous of oversight FDA's the weaken to trying Congress is Why @hiltzikm: RT energy. renewable to aggressively move must we change, climate fight To energy. clean on leading is Vermont Proud few. wealthiest the to class middle the from gone it's But America. in wealth of redistribution massive a seen already we've is, truth The government. the not woman, the for decision a remain must abortion about decision The abortions. back-room of days the to return not will We Act Control Substances Toxic on Statement Sanders NEWS: https… McDonalds week next you See poverty! in by scraping barely are we and ever than profitable more is McDs @RaiseUpfor15: RT elections. buy to right" Amendment "First the has corporation no certainly and person No clearly: state to United Citizens overturn must We bribery. legalized to amounts that system finance campaign a today have We ourselves. kid not Let's values. family real supporting start to Republicans for time It's leave. family paid support Americans of 72% $15/hour. to wage minimum the raising by start can We class. middle disappearing the rebuild to urgency of sense fierce a with act must We Americans. young for particularly jobs, decent-paying of lack the is today country this facing crisis serious most The deserve. they benefits the receive they ensure to possible everything do must we why is That line. the on lives their put have veterans Our little. so have many so and much so have few so where distribution income and wealth of imbalance immoral this end to got have We system. political our and economy our to danger grave a is States United the in have we inequality income and wealth of level obscene The apart. them tears that one not together, families brings that policy immigration an need We it. afford can't they because but unqualified, are they because not college, to go not do Americans young many so that disgrace a It's system. voting broken our fix to refused have majority, their preserve to order in Republicans, that embarrassment an is It suppression. voter systematic the with paired process, political the in money unlimited democracy: our on attack two-pronged a facing are We win. we justice, for together stand women and men When win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let work. same the perform who men to compared dollar the on cents 79 earn to women for unconscionable It's equity. pay about bring must We Party? Tea the and Street Wall or Rico Puerto With Stand We Do Democrats: Senate to Sanders capitalists. vulture Street Wall not citizens, million its of interest best the in be must debt Rico's Puerto of restructuring The deserve. they that dignity the with Rico Puerto of citizens American the treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop must We me. around reality the ignoring and dollars of billions and billions making about is life human think don't just I conditions. working improve and loss, job stem companies, stronger create can we ownership employee expanding By accountable. held be must officer that official, public any like law, the breaks officer police a If advantage? competitive a has think you do country Which unaffordable. increasingly it's America, In free. is tuition college Germany, In believe. I what and do I what is That life. entire my for doing been have I that something is lines picket on workers striking with Standing already. countries many in reality It's right. a as insurance health have should American every that say to thinking utopian not is It hazard. health own its become has prescriptions of cost rising The obscenity. an is industry drug the in gouging price of epidemic The dime. our on rich getting oil big of enough had We've companies. fuel fossil for breaks tax special eliminate to want Americans of 62% offshore. profits hiding corporations largest 50 the by left gap revenue the close to year each taxes extra in $760 pays worker average The rent. pay or medicine food, buy to budgets limited their juggle to have seniors of millions day, every that, unacceptable It's Act. Americans Older the support and expand Let’s hospital. the in day one of cost the for year entire an for senior a feed can We suffering. are who people squeeze to allowed be cannot Street Wall poverty. in live Rico Puerto in children of 56% freedom. economic our threaten banks too-big-to-fail realize people American The banks. big the up break to need we agree Americans of 55% economy. strong a create to efforts our to counter-productive is States United the in education higher affordable of lack the view, my In workers. American for disastrous but CEOs, for good very are America corporate by pushed agreements trade is matter the of fact The Street. Wall on gambling not Americans, hardworking and business small to loans affordable providing be should banking of function The system. finance campaign broken A so? done Congress hasn't Why loophole. haven tax offshore the eliminate to want Americans of Two-thirds practice. discredited and dangerous this banned Vermont Proud community. LGBT the against discrimination perpetuates only therapy Conversion win. to them allow to going are we war a not is This clear: very be me let but women, against war a waging is country this in wing right The accident an in being or sick getting is fear biggest their say Americans low-income that system care health broken our of indictment an It's gouging. price to end an put and prices drug negotiate to country major other every almost as authority same the have should government Our college. to go to get will you hard, work you If poor. up growing for punished be not will You clear: be must people young to message Our Security. Social cut not expand to fight must We all. at pension or savings retirement no have retired aren’t who Americans of 33% Nearly people. all against discrimination end to unceasingly work must does, USA the as goal, its as freedom human proclaims which society A safety. and health people's ensure to ability state's a block doesn't but chemicals toxic of regulation improves that legislation need We funding. the lacks family their because only college to go to unable are people young bright of thousands that comprehension my beyond is It freedom. political and economic our both threatens few a of hands the in wealth of concentration the means system finance campaign broken A industry. fuel fossil the by funded They're Easy. investigations? denial climate stop to try Republicans would Why Investigation Fraud Fuel Fossil Block to Attempt GOP Slam Merkley Warren, Whitehouse, Sanders, NEWS: like. looks leadership Democratic real what is This @climatebrad: RT people. American the to lie to cover them give not accountable, corporations hold must Congress disaster. financial from away illness one be to people of millions for injustice an is because care health Medicare-for-all to move must We economics. bad but immoral only not is It opposed. be must poor the and sick the elderly, the of backs the on budget the Balancing rates. interest rising with loans student of off profiteering not people, young its in investing be should government federal The prescriptions. their fill to afford can’t Americans 5 in 1 year, last million $ in raked CEOs care health and pharma 20 top the While country. this in corporations largest the of CEOs the for just not and people working our for work that agreements trade toward work must We elections. of funding public toward move to need we field, playing even an have candidates where democracy, vibrant a want we If made. we've mess the remedy to billions spend later to only profits quick of interest the in environment our degrade to sense no makes It them. cut not benefits, expand must we why That's history. American in program anti-poverty successful most the been has Security Social free. tuition colleges public make must we view, my In yet! debt of level highest the $37,172, of debt average an has 2016 of class The end. to got has which bigotry a of part are people transgender against attacks The possible. education best the receive to children all of right the and education public quality for support our reaffirm to need We benefits. Security Social expand and preserve must We poverty. in lived seniors America's of half about enacted, was Security Social Before marijuana. smoking for arrested were they because job a denied be to kid 19-year-old a for sense no makes It much. so have few so and little so have many so when failed simply has economy global The headed. we're where that's but parents, their than living of standard lower a have to generation next the for tragedy colossal a be would It them. for pay to forgot and wars two into us took Bush President when caused was debt national our understand people American The about. be to supposed is America what not is survive, to just struggle millions while good, so it had never have millionaires where land A banks. big the up break to time It's executives. Street Wall by mismanagement the for hook the on be again never should Taxpayers drug. that afford cannot it need who people the if good no does drug life-saving A change. climate to contributing it’s And explosive. highly It’s earthquakes. more in resulted It's supply. water our to danger a is Fracking military. our in serve who women and men the on war of cost the forget not us let but are, we tough how about speeches give to easy It's sacrifice. ultimate the paid who those of families the and veterans our to commitment our reaffirm must We them. protect must we Now us. protected They've veterans. of needs the protecting about serious we're if speeches fine beyond go must We poor. and class middle the on taking class ruling the been it's but years, thirty last the for warfare class been there's is fact The America. in leave family paid need We work. from day a take can't they because school to child sick their send to have should parent No sense. common is wage minimum the Raising workers. better become they rent, pay to going are they how about worry to have don't workers When likes. class ruling the “democracy” of kind the is this money-- of amounts huge contributing wealthy the and and voting people Fewer world. the across and here confront must we that issue an is It issue. moral a fact in is inequality wealth and income of issue the think I issue. American an is It issue. conservative a not is It issue. progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The hour. an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum the raise must We poverty. in live should worker full-time No idea: radical a Here's income. their of regardless need they care health the access to able be should America in Everyone privilege. a not right, a is care Health struggle. the That's humans. as to entitled are we rights What nation. a as be can we who redefine to is do to got have we What country. this over all fracking to end an put to need we change, climate combatting about serious are we If income. of regardless all, to provided are education college and care health where Scandinavia from learned be to lot a is there think I wages. lower for hours longer working is worker average the decades, for productivity worker in increase an despite that right not It's economics. and politics our of control total have not should people ultra-wealthy few a that means socialism democratic view, my In speculation. harmful curb would it revenue, new in billions raise only not would Street Wall on fee transaction A policy. economic good also is policy environmental good that realizing means also crisis climate the of magnitude the Understanding way. negative very a in history by and generations future by judged be will we change, climate of crisis planetary the address not do we If regulating. of charge in is Fed the that banks same the from bankers by hand-picked be not should Reserve Federal the at Directors crisis. humanitarian Rican Puerto address to bill Sanders NEW: … - Rico Puerto en infraestructura para millones $10,800 propondrá .@BernieSanders @ElNuevoDia: RT Finds Report New Change, Climate to Due Skyrocket Will Costs Damage Hurricane all. at nothing do to is option expensive most the change, climate addressing to comes it When pensioners protect would that bill debt Rico Puerto offer to Sanders @ReutersPolitics: RT issue. this address must We America. of future the is This poverty. in live country our in children million Today, labor. cheap for China to running and street the on out workers American throwing from corporations prevent to policies trade new need We system. energy clean a to aggressively transitioning by address must we that history in moment pivotal a is change climate of threat The free. tuition colleges public make must We debt. loan student in trillion $ than more in drowning are Americans million 40 Today, … xenophobia on essay outstanding her for office Sanders Senator by recognized is Jarvis Tori @MVULearning: RT @RepCP. by led legislation transparency price drug pass and industry pharmaceutical the of greed the to up stand Vermont see to Pleased end. an to come must It Americans. killing is greed industry's drug The that. do doesn't that nation only the practically are We baby. her with be can mother a so leave maternity paid offers nation every Nearly Board Control Fund to Forced Be Would Rico Puerto Finding Report to Responds Sanders NEWS: insulting. beyond is Republicans right-wing with stacked board control unelected an create to million $370 pay to Ricans Puerto ask To board. control undemocratic and outrageous this for pay not will Rico Puerto and wall, Trump's Donald for pay to going isn't Mexico close. to beginning is oil of era the organizing, climate to Thanks @350action: RT radical. a as me count yes, then country, other any than jail in people more have shouldn't States United the that think to radical it's If should. they than younger much much, ages at dying are who people of millions have we that is about tragically is America in poverty What change. must This 1968. since inflation with up kept haven't wages world, the in workers productive most the of some being Americans Despite energy. clean toward and fuels fossil from away system energy our transforming by change climate reversing in world the lead can The us. defend to line the on lives their put who women and men the to disservice great a and mistake huge a be would VA the Privatizing industry. pharmaceutical the and Street Wall not people, low-income and people working of side the on stand must Party Democratic The poverty. less and jobs, more development, economic more is solution The austerity. more not is crisis debt Rico’s Puerto to solution The leave. family paid and care health get to people working for OK it's maybe subsidies, taxpayer in billions receive can family Walton the If Canada. in north, miles 50 case the is which right, a as care health had they if Vermont in person poor a for different lot a be would Life deserve. they education the and need they education the receive should background, of regardless students, all that belief firm my It's stand. a make to have We world. the in rates highest the people our charge to companies drug the allow longer no can Congress of Members cause. primary the are activities human that and warming is planet our that agree scientists climate of majority vast the is line bottom The debt. student enormous with burdened isn’t that workforce educated an having of benefits the understand that nations the join must The unacceptable. is That jail. in up ending of chance one-in-three a stands system, the change not do we if today, born baby male black A world. the in country other any than jail in people more have we today America in Tragically, incarceration. mass from profit to allowed are corporations if system justice criminal our fix cannot We well-being. economic nation’s our to risk catastrophic cause would failure its that large so be should institution financial single No profits. record-breaking at making are corporations and phenomenally doing are people wealthiest the disappearing, is class middle the While expense. our at profits their pad to system the rig corporations fuels fossil multinational letting stop must We system. justice criminal our in changes major need We country. other any than more today, jail in people million have we US the In combined. Americans of 42% bottom the as wealth much as owns Walmart, of family Walton the family, one when America in wrong is Something sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans elections. buy to able being billionaires with do to anything has speech free believe don't people American the of majority overwhelming The penalty. death the abolish must We contribute. won’t we that clearly say must America world, the over all murder and violence rampant With billionaires." the for and billionaires, the by billionaires, the "Of not people," the for and people, the by people, the "Of said, Lincoln unacceptable. simply is that world, the of history the in nation richest the In summer. this insecure food be will students million 18 location. meals summer a find to 211 call or 877-877 to “mealsvt” Text meal: healthy free a for looking Vermonters sustainability. toward world the lead and jobs meaningful of number significant a create also we efficiency, energy improve we When people. of millions to needs human elementary most the provide even can’t we but world the of history the in nation richest the in live We size. our times four country authoritarian Communist a China, including nation, other any than jail in people more have we that absurd It’s children. your about more and contributions campaign you about less Worry Congress: in deniers change climate for advice My people. American the of agenda the not is agenda billionaire the And agenda. an have they because campaigns on millions spend People end. must raids deportation The apart. them tear not families unite must We oppressed. the for refuge a been always has nation Our use. marijuana of result a as records criminal have they because destroyed lives their seen have country this in Americans many Too income. their of regardless people, with communicating and talking officials elected about be should democracy think I change." to going are we world a is "This say, and torch the up pick people young when place takes Progress right? a as people all to care health guarantee doesn’t that earth on country major only the be to stand States United the can How year. each loans student of off profits in billions makes government federal the that is crisis loan student the of part revolting most The bribery. legalized to amounts and corrupt is system finance campaign political current The worker. average the of expense the at few wealthy the benefit to designed disgrace, a is policy trade and economic our of much Frankly, nationally. registration voter automatic established we time high it's then that, believe we If less. not voting, people more want should We development. economic more is solution The austerity. more not is crisis debt Rico’s Puerto to solution The agree. Americans of 78% United. Citizens overturn to amendment constitutional a pass must we democracy, vote one person, one our restore To people. of millions incarcerate to money taxpayer using of instead crime of causes the with deal us let crime, on tough get to want we If themselves. candidates the than campaigns over influence and money more have PACs super control who billionaires and Millionaires elections. and candidates buy to people wealthy of handful a for democracy our defend to line the on lives their put not have women and Men them. sponsoring is who us tell which jackets NASCAR wear Congress of members have should we Maybe living. of standard decent a and opportunity decent a have country this in child and woman, man, every that demand us Let kids. our for jobs and education into money putting be should we - maybe just - maybe incarceration, more and jails more funding of Instead businesses. small and factories housing, affordable build can we that so America in reinvest to is banks for function best The senators. and scientists engineers, teachers, doctors, future nation’s our are they because today, people young the in invest must We country. this in movement union trade the rebuild must We benefits. in wages in world the led once America why reason the are unions Strong together. stand we if tomorrow mainstream seem will today radical seems What poor. the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism have We subsidies. government massive get regularly corporations profitable Huge, oligarchy. political into slide we do or class, billionaire the of power enormous the on take will we whether is time our of question The change. climate of existence the deny still country this of leaders consensus, scientific overwhelming with even that baffling It’s future. America's for hope the believe, I is, voice their with speak can and them for work can government that people ordinary Reminding potential. true nation's this for out cries and justice social seeks that vision a vision, a maintain progressives that imperative It's everywhere. wage minimum the raise to time It’s poverty. in living be not should time full working People them. have not should who people of hands the into fall not do guns sure make to can we that everything do to got have We go. to else nowhere is There change. climate address to action take must We planet. this of custodians the are We … religion." entire an or people entire an crime-not this committed person hateful "One in speaks @SenSanders @ReneeWPTZ: RT conflict. partisan constant in up caught get to wise and experienced too far are We earth. on nation greatest the is This about. is country this what not is It simple. and pure bigotry, is individual single a of acts the for religion entire an blame To bidder. highest the to democracy our over turn don't we ensure help will decision Today's me. with stuck has which and kid, a as learned I that something is family a on puts money of lack a that pressures and stresses of kind The for. fighting be should we what is that - Justice anymore. politics in about lot a hear we concept a not is justice for fight The taxes. in share fair their paying start wealthy the make to legislation pass to want might we Medicare, and Security Social cut we Before people. kill to purpose: one has that weapon style military a purchase and store a into walk to able be to someone for sense make doesn't It orientation. sexual or religion our skin, our of color the by from, came family our where by us divide to politicians allow not must We up. us divide to hatred let not to and together people our bring to diversity our in pride take to is job Our whole. a as economy the and States, United the across families to harm irreparable causing is debt loan student of level high The them. have shouldn't who people of hands the into fall to guns allow can't We safety. gun sense common demand to @ChrisMurphyCT with stand I people? kill to designed weapons military-style purchase to able be to people for make it does sense What overturned. be must it and history in decisions Court Supreme disastrous most of one the was United Citizens kinds. all of violence prevent to together people bring to us for is it Orlando, in tragedy terrible the to lining silver any is there If banned. outright be should it like weapons Assault check. background a after purchased legally was Orlando in used weapon The long. too for silent been has Congress violence. gun prevent help to action demanding for @ChrisMurphyCT to gratitude of debt a owe We them. have shouldn't who people of hands the into falling from guns Stop Americans. of majority vast the join up, step say I Republicans To religion. entire an or people entire an not Orlando, in atrocity the committed person hateful One become. can we know all we that love on based nation of kind the create and hatred prevent to together come to need We future. America's for hope the believe, I is, voice their with speak can and them for work can government that people ordinary Reminding eating. and heating between choose to forced be not should families income Low all. for care health accessible for need the on act must we rise, the on all diseases chronic and issues health mental obesity, With drugs. outlawed of list government’s federal the of off marijuana take to us for overdue long is time the view, my In crime. of causes root the to get we how about talk to courage the have us let vengeance, and punishment about talking of Instead education. college a get to kids their want not do we that families to saying are we accessible, and affordable more college making not By money. away giving like they because 2014 in donations campaign and lobbying on million $800 spent Street Wall think to as naive so one's No 2016. in States United the in men than - less or - dollar the to cents 79 making be not should women view, my In exceptions. no community, LGBT the in everyone includes That equal. created are men all that says Independence of Declaration The greed. their and class billionaire the on take and together stand to prepared be must we but easy, be won’t It poverty? in families and children of millions the on backs our turn we when values, family and morality about talk politicians can How chase. money the to end an - spending on limit a be must reform finance campaign real any of heart The jobs. good of millions create we infrastructure, our rebuilding and livable inhabit we world the making in itself involves government When wealth. and money serve to have not should people The people. the serve should wealth and Money privilege. a not and right a as people all to care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the join time about It’s citizen. American other every as protections and rights same the guaranteed be must community LGBTQ the of Members investment. good a know they because Congress lobbying millions spend They dumb. not they're but fraudulent, be may Street Wall on Bankers economics. and politics in influence workers' for necessary is conditions working one’s over influence us taught movement union trade The top. on few the just not us, of all for working be should ours of government great This better. get to going not just it’s repairs, in invest don't you if that agree all can We itself. by better get not does Infrastructure program. care health national single-payer, a pass must we Americans, ordinary assisting and representing about sincere are we If little. so have many so and much so have few so when justice no is There issue. American an is It issue. conservative a not is It issue. progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The Friday: by Apply fall? this Sanders Bernie Sen. with internship paid a for Looking no-brainers. are amendments safety gun Democratic these Frankly, safety. gun commonsense oppose would Republicans why to as Americans, of majority vast the to believe I and me, to incomprehensible is It guns. to access have shouldn't ill mentally dangerously the and criminals terrorists, potential terrorists, understand: to hard not It's bodies. own their control to right the have country the throughout women that certain make to fight must We orientation. sexual or religion our skin, our of color the from, came family our where by up us divide politicians allow to not is job Our power. nuclear of risks the without system energy sustainable and affordable an have can we showing is California Republicans? don't Why terrorists. of hands the of out guns keeping support Americans of 85% country. this in race political any on want they as money much as spending billionaires of handful a about not is Democracy discrimination. and sexism but nothing is That 55%. it's women, Hispanic For makes. man white a what of 60% make women Black offshore. profits hiding corporations for up make to year each taxes in $760 pays worker average the that unacceptable is It years. 30 last the in immensely rose incomes their after break tax another need don't wealthy extremely the say to warfare class not is It safety. our compromising without military our to cuts judicious afford can we combined, nation's other every rivals budget military our When years. 58 for program the of life the extend and benefits Security Social expand can We wrong. plain just is That 2007. in did they than less $1,500 making are women working Middle-income @HouseDemocrats. you with stand We unacceptable. is quo status the say to together come people when happens only Change action. demand to colleagues my with stand to Proud world. the maybe and nation, a city, a transform can that politics a forge can they system, rigged a against together stand folks When again. so do can and unimaginable once was that progress made we've America, In but easily, comes never Change country. this in class middle the on war a is there clear is it Wisconsin in unions to do to tried has Walker Scott what at look you If fuels. fossil from away aggressively move must we environment, our protect to that reminder sad another Yet Court. Supreme the to justice ninth a confirm and politics playing stop must Republicans Senate … overnight. cannon t-shirt the up charge to sure made We Sanders! Bernie Show: Late the on Tonight @colbertlateshow: RT environment. inclusive and diverse more a create we when stronger is nation our and prepared better are students Our levels. local and federal at reform justice criminal toward move should we country, other any than jail in people more keeping of Instead government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does view, my in speech, of Freedom law. Vermont's preempts which legislation, labeling GMO this defeat to can I everything do to going am I eat. they food the in is what know to right a have People countries. of dozens in exists It controversial. isn't labeling GMO through. going are people what see don't They years. 35 for stagnant been have wages that know lawmakers many think don't I happen. to that allow cannot We country. our in people vulnerable most the attacking about not is America unethical. completely it’s economy, our to damaging this is only Not leave. sick paid no have people million 51 habitable. not is which world a them leave I if damned be will I and grandchildren beautiful seven got I've out. left being are people that sign a also it's but down, breaking cooperation global about worried I'm habitable. and healthy planet this leave to want We energy. renewable in investment massive and fracking to end an carbon, on tax a need We billion. $80 of expense annual an at bars behind rotting people million have We broken. is system justice criminal Our ever? than poverty in living people more have but billionaires and millionaires in increase huge a see to nation a as comfortable we Are rebuild. class middle the help to part their do should well phenomenally doing are who corporations multinational and wealthy The States. United the across all colleges and universities public great at case the be to used it fact, In inconceivable. not is tuition Free people. the for and people the by people, the of government a want we Gettysburg, at it put Lincoln As vote. the suppress to overtime working are governors Republican yet country, major any of rates turnout voter lowest the of one have We wrong. That's ago. years 43 made you than less $700 making are you economy, the of middle the in worker male a are you If registered. automatically is vote to eligible is who older or age of years 18 anyone that so registration, voter universal need We decriminalized. be should which possession, marijuana of result a as records police have Americans of Millions sentences. minimum mandatory long unnecessarily serving are people many Too population. incarcerated most the not earth, on population educated best the want We forget. will never and forgotten never have I lesson a That's family. a to means money of lack what house my in everyday learned I kid, a As accomplished. be cannot that nothing is there back, fight to prepared are people when together, stand people When top. the to wealth the of all virtually funnels that economy an by denied is opportunity and progress of dream the Americans, many too For behavior. illegal and practices monopolistic greed, uncontrollable on based not is that economy an want We Republicans. extreme by blocked be cannot It right. constitutional woman’s a is abortion to access that reaffirmed today Court Supreme The living. of costs with up keep to try to idea radical a not It’s 1968. in was it than lower 25% is wage minimum the of value The Abortion on Ruling Court Supreme Applauds Sanders NEWS: bodies. their control to right the have didn't women when days the to back go can't we rights, women’s on made we've progress the all After change. climate reversing in world the lead and News, Fox not community, scientific the to listen must We way. peaceful a in conflicts resolve to strength our use can we how but in, engage can we wars many how not is nation great a of test The Americans. ordinary for work not will system care health our profits, over patients put we until it: face Let's country. our to loss a is it families; their and people young bright many for loss a just not is today college of cost skyrocketing The options. care health of array full their to access have should women agrees Court the see to Glad control. birth to access full have not did women when days the to back going not are We strong. is class middle the strong, are unions When today. people working of voice the protected Court the Glad planet. our ravages change climate while profits record in rake to companies fuel fossil allowed we why us ask will grandchildren Our doubled. it's Instead, used. they chemicals of amount the reduce would corn GMO that farmers dairy promised Monsanto it. on hold a putting by beginning Senate, the in bill labeling GMO weak this defeat to can I everything do will I Legislation Labeling GMO on Hold Put To Sanders NEWS: Incomprehensible. incomprehensible. just this find I bodies. women’s regulate to want still lawmakers some yet and 2016, It’s here: Watch Rico. Puerto in crisis humanitarian the about speak to now floor Senate the to Headed worst. its at colonialism is crisis debt Rico Puerto the to solution Republicans' The cut? be to pensions and closed be to schools allowing while billionaires, rewards that legislation pass we should perspective, moral a From absurd. That's million. $370 of sum unbelievable an at board control undemocratic the for pay to Ricans Puerto requires bill This everywhere. it need we labeling—now GMO on lead the taken has Vermont food. their in what’s know to right a have People people. billion - population world's the of half bottom the as wealth much as own now planet the on people 62 wealthiest the Incredibly, US? the can't Why GMOs. label countries 64 eating. they're food the in what's people tell to idea radical a not It's worse. even situation terrible a make would PROMESA suffering, are Rico Puerto of people the when time a At Street. Wall by hijacked be can't Rico Puerto hungry. go children Rican Puerto while investments on return 100% a receive can't Billionaires citizens. American as Rico Puerto of people the treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop to come has time The cut? are kids Rican Puerto for programs nutrition while profits, huge make to Street Wall allow we should Morally, headed. we're where is that but parents, their than living of standard lower a had generation next the if tragedy colossal a be would It master. colonial a become not must America Rico. Puerto of people the by made be must Rico Puerto of future the regarding made Decisions defeated. be must bill this why reason Another change. real need We elite. economic the benefit to elite economic the by developed model economic an have We labeled. be should GMOs agree: Americans of majority overwhelming The over. not is fight The toothless. it's misleading, only not is It bill. labeling GMO pathetic this defeat to can I everything do I'll hour. an pennies earn who countries low-wage in workers against compete to have not should Americans trade.” “free not trade fair need We bill GMO against battle up steps Sanders @politico: RT in. hide to corner dark a just not forward, path rational a has citizen a becoming of dreams who person every where country a in live can We science." reject We what? know "You says, that Senate and House the both controls that party a have you when frightening is really It feet. their on back get inmates help will incarceration, more not Rehabilitation, Pell. Chance Second in part take will @AtBennington Proud dignity. and decency of lives live to entitled are Americans that conviction the to dedicated been has career political entire My equality. toward step this see to Glad people. transgender openly to military the opened we time past long It's labeled. be to food modified genetically want Americans of majority enormous an and want, people the what represent to is job Congress’ indi… incarcerated for Grants Pell restore to me with working for @SenSanders &amp; @SenWhitehouse @SenatorDurbin, you Thank @SenBrianSchatz: RT country. this in recidivism of rate high outrageously the address to Schatz Sen. join to proud am I future. their sacrificing worth was it that profits fuel fossil about important so was what wonder will grandchildren our act, don't we If well. as America in here that do to able be should We products. GMO label which countries of dozens and dozens got we've Europe, over All Sanders: Sen. from letter A Bill. GMO Terrible This Defeat to Can I Everything Do Will I kids. their to giving they're what and eating they're food the of quality the know to want People complicated. not It's gave. @GovPeterShumlin and legislature the support the and law this to led that activism grassroots the of proud I'm passed. gets legislation important and responds government state speak, people The works. democracy when happens what shown has Vermont Law Labeling GMO Vermont’s Defend to Vows Sanders NEWS: eat. they food the in what's know to right a have people believe not do Monsanto like companies agriculture Big law. labeling GMO Vt's defending for @SenSanders to you Thank @VBSRpolicy: RT https… @vtrighttoknow @GovPeterShumlin @PeterWelch @SenSanders @SenatorLeahy with stand to Proud @DaveZuckermanVT: RT pass. cannot It GMOs. labeling for standard national unenforceable and misleading confusing, a create would Congress in legislation GMO The meaningless. essentially law the making requirement, labeling the violating for whatsoever penalties no imposes bill GMO Roberts' Sen. WATCH:… law? Vermont's affect would that compromise GMO federal a of think @SenSanders does What look: First @AlexApple_: RT … speech Senate powerful in funds vulture Street Wall and bill Rico Puerto blasts Bernie @Salon: RT progress. this destroy to trying bill Senate the is of proud not I’m What labeling. GMO mandate to state first is Vermont that proud am I now. right moment a such in are we believe I unacceptable. is quo status the say to together come people when country this in happens Change Watch: succeed. just may they them, stop don't we If GMOs. label to right the states deny to is goal Monsanto's problems. their ignore to continue parties both as long as process political the join won't and irrelevant as politics see will poor The it. violating for penalty a even not There’s requirement. labeling the in loopholes huge contains bill anti-GMO Stabenow-Roberts The legislation. federal for that than standards higher have must We unenforceable. and misleading confusing, is Senate the in bill anti-GMO The eat. they food the in what's know to right a have people think don't they but profits, unlimited to right a have they believe companies Food it. with away get them let can’t We laws. labeling GMO stop to contributions campaign and lobbying on millions of hundreds spent Ag Big states. by done work already the harm and transparency food with help to nothing do will It toothless. and confusing is bill anti-GMO The -@_jeffguo. era other any in than today higher be may today inequality Income Read: Must jobs. outsource to trying corporations multinational not it, oppose who groups environmental and unions of side the take must we TPP, the On economy. our destroyed nearly behavior illegal and recklessness greed, Street’s Wall 2008, in that forget never us Let Madison -James poor.” the than more rich, the Not Representatives? Federal the of electors the be to are “Who policy. economic good also is policy environmental good that realizing means crisis climate the of magnitude the Understanding states. 4 in passed laws labeling GMO overturn to want now is, government the terrible how us tell who Republicans that interesting It's environment? the and families working represent that organizations or America Corporate legislation? trade on trust we should views Whose July! of 4th Happy agenda. Congress' explain to way long a goes which Americans, working with step of out profoundly are class billionaire the of views The … $5,000. than more family average the save would plan care health Sanders Bernie @samswey: RT Photo AP | immigrants undocumented cover would plan .@BernieSanders' @politico: RT America. transform to vision his continue to pledge but for stood he what only not remember must we MLK, honor we As Columbia, in Day MLK on marches .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT poor.” the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This Jr: King Luther Martin rating: favorability net-positive a with party either in candidate only the is Sanders Bernie @FiveThirtyEight: RT families. wealthy just not - all for right a be must education Higher that. change gotta We’ve communities. poor in children for education in disparity a There's passed. reform immigration comprehensive see to wants that nation a are we believe I immigrants. by built was country This earth. on country major other every in exists It idea. radical a not is This privilege. a not people, all of right a be should care Health do. I what It’s line. picket the joined I debate? yesterday’s for prep I did How nation. our facing issues the discuss to rally a for tonight Birmingham in be to Excited enough!" is “Enough say: to Birmingham to out came who thousands address we as LIVE in Tune here: Alabama in @ninaturner and @CornelWest to LIVE in Tune people. the for and people, the by people, the of campaign a is This bank… out come you but hospital, the into get can you if mean it does "What cheers big King, from borrowing .@BernieSanders @tomlobianco: RT live: Watch not. guess I state. conservative a was Alabama me told people Some wel… the of cheater biggest the is who family Walmart the is it but welfare, of advantage taking people about talk "They @Chicago4Bernie: RT American. every insure will plan my why That's privilege. a not right, a is care Health issue. health a but crime, a as not addiction at look to need We you. about is campaign This alone. it do can’t I Bernie. about ain’t campaign This banking. traditional from taking risk separates that firewalls re-establishing and banks big the up breaking means reform Street Wall Real Billion Poorest The As Wealth Much As Hold Now Earth On People Richest 62 The read: Must Iowa Dodge, Fort in rally campaign at speaks @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @CBSNLive: RT money. big by dominated is politics American that understand fully They country. our destroying is greed corporate that understand Americans action. bold this take to authority legal the has he confident I'm and thing right the exactly did president The action. president's the expand and uphold would I president as act, to fail to continues Congress If tomorrow: Columbia in Hall Town Bernie for Ed Higher a for others and Reed Adolph scholar @CornelWest, Dr. Join services. banking basic in engage to Service Postal the allow to is communities low-income for opportunities banking provide to way A ideas. inside-the-beltway stale and politics establishment same-old same-old, the or small thinking for time the NOT is Now country. our transform to revolution a of part be to but vote, your for just not people asking am I today! Iowa Carroll, in only room Standing @RaniaBatrice: RT @BernieSanders Support I Why @LucyFlores: RT family. his with are thoughts Our process. democratic the of soul and heart the are Joplin Braden like Volunteers now. in Tune shortly. MSNBC on show @maddow Rachel the on be I'll @BernieSanders candidate Democratic down-to-earth the of life family the Inside EXCLUSIVE: @people: RT issues. serious about discussion need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In percent. one of one-tenth top the to class middle the from transferred been have dollars of trillions years 30 last the over when wrong It's tonight: Hampshire New Portsmouth, in Hall Town a for @billmckibben friend my Join average. on year a $9,400 college to kids sending families middle-class save would free tuition universities and colleges public Making tonight: Columbia in Hall Town Bernie for Ed Higher a for others and Reed Adolph @CornelWest, Dr. Join too!) shopping, grocery (and laundry own his does @BernieSanders EXCLUSIVE: @people: RT trouble. in is planet This recorded. ever hottest the been have years 18 last the of Sixteen over. is debate The dependence. our increase not fuels, fossil to addiction our break to is job Our pipeline. Bakken the oppose I Plan? Climate Clinton’s Where’s not. are who those and broadband to connected are who Americans between divide digital the narrow must We hand. helping a given are succeed to want who people where and safer, become nation our of cities inner the where country a in live can We policies. climate preferred Clinton's about marks question of Lots right. is Sanders @bradplumer: RT statement new and pipelines about ad new with today climate hits camp Sanders -- plan?" Clinton's Sec is "Where @maryaliceparks: RT NH! in us visiting for you Thank Americans. as responsibilities their accept to refuse yet America, of benefits the of advantage taking they're end; to needs greed Corporate joins @BernieSanders NOW: WATCH @bpolitics: RT wage. minimum the raise to time It’s $6,240. up go income their see would workers wage minimum full-time plan Wage Livable my Under @BernieSanders Plan? Climate @HillaryClinton's is Where @MarkRuffalo: RT movement. our support to how and change climate about @billmckibben to talk to tonight out turned Portsmouth game: ground Iowa campaigns our in soldiers foot the of some Meet ICYMI: list. the Here’s questions! our answer didn’t you but effort, the Appreciate @johnpodesta. Thanks, … ad: 60-second new in voters on focus put to “America” Garfunkel’s and Simon uses @BernieSanders AM: this New @NYTnickc: RT you. about is campaign This Trump. Donald or Clinton, Hillary Sanders, Bernie about not is campaign This world. the in nation advanced other any than person per care health on more spends The … in Republicans against @HillaryClinton outperforms @BernieSanders poll: CNN/WMUR @CNNPolitics: RT lifetime. my in decisions Court Supreme disastrous most the of one United, Citizens of anniversary sixth-year the is Today people. are corporations that and speech is money that notion absurd the on hinges decision This corruption. constitute not does influence for exchange in politicians of support in cash undisclosed of piles huge that idea absurd the On elections. our in influence unlimited — economy our rigged already have who — billionaires and millionaires handed ruling this essence, In percent. 1 the just not us, of all to belongs country our that saying and up standing are people of Millions NH. Peterborough, in stop campaign @BernieSanders a at scene The @aprilburbank: RT American. eligible every to owed nickel every paid has Security Social bad, and times good Through well. as government States United the own to want they Now, enough. not is apparently, That, economy. our of much own already Billionaires rights. voting full of restoration a including prison, from back path a be to needs There broadband. to access affordable families, low-income especially Americans, all provide to can we all do must We . a deserve They home. at connection internet high-speed a have don't Latin@s of 46% and Americans Black of 36% safety. public and telemedicine education, commerce, century 21st for essential is it luxury: a longer no is access Internet . a for fighting for @VanJones68 and @CoryBooker @MClyburnFCC, @wkamaubell, you Thank @HillaryClinton cc: days. 11 in caucuses Iowa before issues these on stand they where us tell should candidate Every fuels. fossil from away transition to need national urgent the of example another yet and disaster climate a is leak gas Ranch Porter The road. the on cars million 7 additional an or plants power coal-burning six of emissions the equal would leak Ranch Porter the of scale The … 51-45. Sanders it's now 63-31, care health on best be to judged was Clinton polls: Iowa CNN's in change big A @Taniel: RT vu… most the with dealing compassion by but has it billionaires many how by judged not is nation great "A NH: in Sanders @maryaliceparks: RT AZ. in immigrants of criminalization the &amp; prisons private for-profit against up speaking for @JohnLegend and @Juanes you Thank deserve… voters plan? her is where so care, health universal to country the get could she blitzer wolf told just clinton sec. @cascamike: RT in. believe to future a are They today. notes some us left Wolfeboro in Students democracy. practicing they're radical: something do to tonight up showing are Families decisions. first their of one United Citizens overturning make will mine of nominee Court Supreme Any tonight. @BernieSanders for up filling is NH Wolfeboro, in here Auditorium @kailanikm: RT bonds Treasury US of ✅Made 2035 until owed benefit every pay ✅Can surplus trillion ✅$ Security: Social on Facts democracy. our reclaim and election this win to help your need I caucus, Iowa the until weeks two than less With raise. a workers African-American of percent 50 about give would hour an $15 of wage living a to wage minimum the Raising http… minutes! 5 under in IA in caucusing about know to need you everything volunteers/staff: by video New @PinkyWeitzman: RT … Iowa in campaign grassroots @BernieSanders' behind soldiers foot the Meet @bpolitics: RT https://… community: Black the in face we issues the about us with speaks @BernieSanders Sen. as Watch @EBONYMag: RT future. a have can people young where lives meaningful more building be to need we prisons, more building of Instead Plan? Care Health Secret Clinton's What's Sunday: on HQ DSM their at shot they which video, Caucus" To "How a releases .@BernieSanders @IAStartingLine: RT candidate. stronger the I'm think I frankly, election, general the win to want Democrats If me. than choose to right woman's a of defender stronger a be will one no that say will I Wade, v. Roe of anniversary the on Today, inequality. gender of issue the addressing in go to way long a has still country our rights, political and civil in advances major Despite choose. to right woman’s a guaranteed Wade v. Roe in ago years 43 Court Supreme the by down handed decision The abortion. an to right woman’s a preserve and protect to can I that everything do will I president, As choose. to right women’s on attacks never-ending the fighting been have who Americans all and NARAL Parenthood, Planned with join I amendment. Hyde the rescind will we and abortion to access deny to states by attempts resist Wade, v. Roe undercut to attempts fight will I abortion. legal and safe a of availability the and contraception, to access health, women’s protect that initiatives expand would I Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want free. tuition be should colleges Public ago. years 50 degree school high a to equivalent is degree college a Today, https:/… injustas. deportaciones las detendrá Sanders Univision: en articulo Mi @standwithraul: RT win. to them allow gonna we’re that war a not it's clear, be me let and, women against war a waging are Republicans Us" me. "Not @GRForSanders: RT story. John's to listen and minutes couple a Take bonus. million $12 a got CEO his and freeze wage a got John jobs. in investment an and incarceration to end an for cheer to stands NH Hudson planet. our saving while jobs new of millions creating system energy new a for fight and Oil Big to up stand to continue will I coverage. health for opportunity fair a Americans all give will Bernie because @Iowa4Bernie: RT ENOUGH! is ENOUGH say to country the across meeting are we and @ProgressivGreen: RT … .@People4Bernie debt by burdened be to have don't we know who parents students, teachers, are We @ND4Bernie: RT revolution. political the to Welcome people. the for and people, the by people, the of campaign a is This @smerconish tells Garfunkel Art guy," (@BernieSanders) Bernie a "I'm @CNN: RT me: Join supporters. best my to directly talk to want I caucuses, Iowa the before days nine just Tonight, margins. the at system the with tinkering by not but change, deliver can We America. in justice racial for struggle continuing a is There HERE: CLICK 2/1? on @berniesanders for caucus to planning &amp; in you Are @MoveOn: RT certifications. state all meet teachers of percent 60 than fewer where schools attend to likely as times three than more were students Black cap. the lift must We year. a $118,500 makes who someone as Security Social into money of amount same the pays billionaire a now Right billionaires?" the just not and class middle the for works that economy an creating about "How saying, are People food. their and medicine their between choose to forced be not and security, and dignity in live can seniors all where country a be can We now: right here LIVE address live Bernie's Watch party? watch a to it make couldn't and in Snowed win: us help and here Head campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling thing. good a is that and nervous bit little a Street Wall have we that appears It … in! tune to sure Be polls. the in rise his continues he as @BernieSanders with speak will we Sunday This @FaceTheNation: RT win: us Help YOU. have We PAC. Super a want don’t we and have don't We campaign. people's a is campaign Our it. into people working-class bringing is and excitement the energy, the has campaign our that seeing are People contributors. campaign wealthy and billionaires of handful a just not - us of all to belongs country this because movement a building are We in! tune to sure Make morning. this @FaceTheNation and @meetthepress @ThisWeekABC, on be will I morning. this @MeetThePress on @BernieSanders says politics, American of dynamics the change to trying am I @NBCNewsPR: RT Bloomber… abt asked when billionaires, btwn "contest" a be not should "democracy" that @MarthaRaddatz tells .@BernieSanders @shushwalshe: RT infrastructure. crumbling our rebuild to is jobs meaningful create rapidly to way effective most The high. is turnout voter the when win Democrats division. reject we when win We together. come people when win We here: Tickets 26. Jan Tuesday on Factory Laugh the at others and @kevin_nealon @georgelopez, @SarahKSilverman, Join … 8,000 about of town Decorah, in College Luther at @BernieSanders for turnout incredible Really @IAStartingLine: RT -@BernieSanders win." Republicans vote, to out turn don't people young of 80% "When @PinkyWeitzman: RT Weaver Jeff - more.” agree couldn’t We electable. most is candidate which at look should Dems says "@HillaryClinton them. without succeed will we and money their want don't we - companies drug big the or Street Wall billionaires, represent don't We Iowa in meeting hall town at speaks @BernieSanders WATCH: @CBSNLive: RT moved. be not and @berniesanders of endorsement this read to you dare of kind I @billmckibben: RT issue. that on front out was I Keystone. support cannot we fuel fossil from away move and system energy our transform to going we’re If them. for it end will we greed, their end not does Street Wall If products. their rate will agency credit which choose and pick to able be won’t Street Wall administration, my Under https://… day the for attendance total in ppl 4,000 pass did he think I today. event final and 4th .@BernieSanders @maryaliceparks: RT billionaires. from collect can you money of amount the on not character, your and ideas your on based elections winning try Republicans: incarceration. and jails more not people, young our for education and jobs in invest must We country. this in victory progressive every of forefront the at were women know we history, through back look we As happen: it make we how Here's goal. realistic a is all for Yes, @SSWorks: RT uninsured. and insured under million 50 the cover to way best the is care health single-payer agree: Physicians all. to care health universal provide to decision responsible financially and principled morally the making are nations industrialized Other short. people American the selling are unachievable is care health universal say who Those @HuffPostPol via Issues Women's on Best Is Sanders Bernie Why @SusanSarandon: RT come finally has time whose flavor a as unstoppable so is Nothing @YoBenCohen: RT NH. Hollis, in doors knock to out headed are 80 to 12 from age in ranging Volunteers Americans. of millions of lives the and economy this destroying is Street Wall of greed the and class, billionaire the of greed The https://t.… read: Must Sanders. Bernie Endorse to Sides Switches Lawmaker Carolina South @ckcovert1: RT law. into Act Fairness Paycheck the pass and forward move to got have We idea. radical a not It’s work. equal for pay Equal … says @BernieSanders game, the rigging oil Big : : we reason Another @MoveOn: RT … roars) (crowd revolution?" political a make to ready guys you "Are -- @IowaStateU at simply begins .@BernieSanders @edhenry: RT @IowaStateU. words, those eat pundits the make Let's process. political the in participate to out come won't people young that say Pundits down: process the breaks campaign @BernieSanders - complicated is @aabramson: RT heartbreaking. was story woman's This Security. Social on year a $12k on living experienced had anyone if asked I - emergency $500 a cover to money enough have don't Americans Most @keithellison: RT htt… I. and Bernie showing they're support the for everyone appreciate I also! are you of many so see I &amp; @JustinBamberg: RT too. fathers &amp; mothers for leave paid support you Say worker. every for leave paid of weeks 12 support I taxpayers. American for disaster a be would merger Johnson-Tyco potential The taxes. paying avoid to citizenship their renounce to allowed be shouldn't taxpayers from welfare corporate received that Companies government. federal the from contracts lucrative or taxpayers from welfare corporate want you when only company American an be can't You fail. to big too were they because out them bailed we when than larger are country this in banks largest four the of out three Today : the traveling is artists 100 over featuring show art themed @BernieSanders A @i_D: RT … @JamilahLemieux: our with America Black of Issues the to Speaks Sanders Bernie Sen. @EBONYMag: RT you. with folks the take and Oh, 1. Feb on Sanders Bernie for Caucus change? real Want abortion. an to right woman's a away take to want who those against I nation. our facing issues the discuss Bernie watch to @CNN on the to now in Tune education. higher a get go to able be should income, their of regardless country, this in Anybody week work 40-hour ✅ Medicaid and Medicare ✅ Wage Minimum ✅ Security Social ✅ LBJ: and FDR from programs 'Socialist' month. a in do currently they than care health of year entire an for less pay would family average the plan, Bernie's Under direction. wrong the in gone has it is problem The wealth. of redistribution massive a been has There mes. un en ahora paga que lo de médica atención por menos entero año un en pagará familia una Bernie, de plan el Bajo #… income.” taxable on cap the lifting by that do we and Security Social expand should “We .@BernieSanders: @AARPadvocates: RT sav… retirement less have &amp; longer live who women, for critical especially are benefits - right is Sanders Sen. @SSWorks: RT judgement. is so but important, is Experience https://t.… event @BernieSanders a at depression &amp; issues health struggle, financial of tales Emotional @Yamiche: RT expanded. and supported be should and job excellent an doing is @PPact Parenthood. Planned on attack GOP entire the undercuts decision This disgrace. national a is street the on veterans homeless thousand fifty are there night given any on that fact The … need: we revolution political the lead to candidate qualified most the is @BernieSanders why on @RBReich here's @cascamike: RT … C-SPAN on ET 11am at LIVE – @Steelworkers Iowa with meeting .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT Yearning”: “Bernie’s flavor cream ice new Ben’s of pint a win to chance your for here Check 80s. the in in up set we programs housing recognizing win for Torpy Brenda and @chtrust Congrats poverty. in living be not should person that week, a hours forty works someone if that means socialism Democratic tonight. Paul St. in and shortly Duluth in speaking be I’ll today! Minnesota in be to Excited tonight. Factory Laugh the at others and @kevin_nealon @georgelopez, @SarahKSilverman, Join here: live Duluth in rally our Watch turnout! a What bold. be to have We it. do to going isn't just old same old, same The revolution. political a need we that believe I wrong. That’s prescription. that fill to afford cannot doctor a from prescription a get that country this in people five of One work. equal for pay equal get women so equity pay demand and sisters our with stand must we Brothers, teachers. hiring be should we teachers, firing be not should We at president for campaign our Join future. the to path new a for ready is America believe I grandchildren. and kids our for habitable and healthy planet this leave and change climate combat to responsibility moral a have We https… campaña de evento en @BernieSanders a situación su contarle al mujer una llanto en rompió forma esta De @UniPolitica: RT … gap. enthusiasm no in trailing be might Sanders Rivercentre. Paul St. at crowd the of view Another @thauserkstp: RT … coming. still they're and "lots" said He hall. Sanders the in capacity crowd the knew he if cop a Asked @RachelSB: RT here: LIVE in Tune here! out enthusiasm of lot a is There MN. Paul, St. in shortly Speaking now: LIVE Watch … Bernie about all is "Minnesota says bern" the feeling "he's says, and stage the takes Ellison Keith Rep. @courtneygodfrey: RT @KeithEllison - fight!” the leads he fight, the into Bernie drag to have don’t ”You … @BernieSanders - up." on grassroots the from place takes ALWAYS change "Real @People4Bernie: RT … Paul. St. in tonight here house packed a to @BernieSanders introduce to Proud @EllisonCampaign: RT incarceration. and jails more not education, and jobs in invest gonna We’re idea? radical a for Ready disagree. I married. get to able be shouldn't sisters and brothers gay our that are values family GOP Parenthood. Planned defend must we and choose to right woman’s a protect must We out. find to video latest our Watch skeptics? Bernie to respond to How @RBReich: RT taxes. fair their pay must corporations largest and people wealthiest the society civilized democratic, a in that means socialism Democratic unions. create fact in to workers for harder and harder become has it union, a join to want workers of millions that fact the Despite … hall town @DMRegister the at to plans his on .@BernieSanders @CommonCause: RT @RBReich. from skeptics @BernieSanders for message A @MoveOn: RT … C-SPAN2 ET 8pm LIVE – IA City, Mason in @SusanSarandon w campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT support. should policy public that something not is greed of sake the for greed But rewarded. be should success business and Innovation planet. our destroy to industry fuel fossil the of greed the allow not does which policy government have we that means socialism Democratic all. for free be should tuition education -college college attending at shot fair a children our give to need we income, their of Regardless http… now: tix Get @BernieSanders. benefit to 2/5 on Angeles Los in concert SHOW: NEW @ChiliPeppers: RT … rally Sanders Bernie that at heartstrings your at tugged who woman the Meet @PeterWStevenson: RT @BernieSanders support to weekend this Iowa to going @arzE: RT weekend this City Iowa in rally @berniesanders a at perform will .@vampireweekend @CNN: RT best. the from @BernieSanders for bank phone to how Learning @SusanSarandon: RT country. this in crisis political and economic an have We vote. don’t people Ordinary elections. buy billionaires by funded PACs Super Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want top. on people the to goes wealth new the of much so because that know Americans few but world, the in nation wealthiest the are We Philadelphia. in fundraiser firm investment at Clinton: Hillary Iowa. City, Mason in tonight speaking Sanders: Bernie hate. of forms all to up stand to and tragedy that of lessons the forget to never vow we Day, Remembrance Holocaust this On … crowd. the of half of view obstructing stand Media packed. jammed is City Mason in rally @BernieSanders The @ChadLivengood: RT here: live in Tune @SusanSarandon. with tonight Iowa City, Mason of people the with Here are. they what for Republicans the expose will we that is election general the win we'll reason The obvious. is answer The that? is Why not. has @HillaryClinton debates. more for called have we campaign this of beginning the From Hampshire. New and Iowa into heading momentum significant has campaign our and changed have race the of dynamics The value. family a not is class working or income low is she because baby her from herself separate to woman a Forcing @BernieSanders. of arrival the awaiting stage on @DMRoosevelt at Students @DMschools: RT win. always will interests money big the divided, we're when But accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together stand we When in @BernieSanders candidate Presidential @TheDemocrats of supporters among @justinlong Actor @Fox26Houston: RT government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does speech of Freedom hour. an $15 of wage living a to raised be must and wage starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The skin. their of color the of because police the by targeted being children their of afraid be not should Mothers @RBReich: RT back. fight and up stand we when happens Change process. political the in play people all that role the increase significantly must We boat. the rock Let’s us. underestimate not should People Iowa: in campaign our towards go it have and contribute to days last the of one is Today poverty. in live should week a hours 40 working country this in person no that say to idea radical a not is It caucus. al Latinos más a llevaremos respaldo su Con Iowa. de Latina revista @ElTrueque, de apoyo el honor con Recibo th… not were us of some there, were us of some rough was going the When tide the with swim to easy "It's .@BernieSanders: @KThomasDC: RT change. real make can We process. political the to hope bring can We accomplish. can we what to limit no is there together, stand we If population. educated best the have we rather I'd country. other any than jail in people more having of reality sad the end to want I https… Info: women for candidate best is Bernie word spread help to a host Plz @Women4Bernie: RT effects. its reversing in world the lead must States United the and activity, human by caused is it real, is change Climate IA. Burlington, in speaks VT Burlington, of mayor former Sanders, Bernie @tamarakeithNPR: RT inevitable. so ain’t candidate inevitable that Now nominee.” Dem “inevitable the behind pts 50 were we began we When htt… Monday! the for wait can't enthusiasm crowd's the by moved So @BernieSanders. for Iowa in appearance Final @SusanSarandon: RT America." change Let's vote. to out come "Please tonight: Iowa Burlington, in .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT https:/… . @BernieSanders endorsing I'm why That's America. in matter should father's my like lives Black latest: my Breaking @es_snipes: RT it. believe better You president? I’m if rules the by play to begin they Will No. me? like Street Wall will president, I’m If workers. women for equity pay pass must We equitable. be should it fair, be only not should wage living A gap. a not gulf, pay a face who color of women for important Especially . on leading for legislators state applaud I https:/… @BernieSanders." endorsing I’m why That’s matter. should father’s my like lives "Black daughter: 's @WorkingFamilies: RT https://… economics on @BernieSanders poverty," in live Americans million 47 rigged a have we like me to "Sounds @meganspecia: RT marks. high it give enrolled people the and Medicare called It's States. United the in exists already system single-payer A rebate. a got actually they taxes, income federal in nothing pay only not corporations profitable major Three them. cut not benefits, Security Social expand must we increasing, is poverty senior when time a At … @RobertReich from skeptics @BernieSanders to message A @MoveOn: RT veterans. disabled and seniors all for benefits Security Social expanding of support in me joins @HillaryClinton hope I it. gets @BernieSanders Yup. @MarkRuffalo: RT world. the around and States United the in problems devastating creating is it and activity human by caused is it real, is change Climate $ haul PAC super Sanders BREAKING: Live: Watch Iowa. Davenport, in rally for @BernieSanders joins .@CornelWest @MSNBC: RT children. your about more worry and contributions campaign your about less worry say: I colleagues Republican my To … blog! my out Check Street. Wall of greed the not first, families put will who president a elect Let's @IamNickGonzalez: RT country. this of children the all for system pre-k universal a to move to need we childcare, and start head cutting of Instead IA Dubuque, in rally night FRIDAY to 1300 draws .@BernieSanders @tomabrahams: RT suppression. voter no and – say equal an having citizen every with – vote one person, one is democracy American percent. 1 the just not families, working for works that economy an create to going are we Together reform. police be to has piece first the and century 21st the of issue rights civil the be must reform justice Criminal https://t.… the before hours just Moines Des in live @BernieSanders with speaks @jaketapper on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT everyone. to care health guaranteeing system care health universal a create to Roosevelt D. Franklin since Democrats of goal the been has It system. care health universal truly a create and nation industrialized major other every join to country this for time It’s Caucus! Delegate NH our at Concord in house Packed @CheleGilliam: RT phone. your from donate to 82623 to GIVE Text Iowa. win us Help “socialist.” as described was and marketplace the into intrusion radical a as seen was wage,” “minimum the of concept The you. about it's me, about not is campaign this one: day since it said I've movement. political grassroots a creating about it's president, Sanders Bernie electing about just not is campaign This need. we change real the about bring not will we process, political the in involved actively are people of millions Unless … class. billionaire the and politicians establishment from democracy our back takes that revolution political a need We @DREAMerJ_D: RT America. transform gonna we're and revolution political a make gonna We're United. Citizens and Street Wall back beat we can together only because upon based movement a building are We @mcbyrne: RT it. demand and together stand we if happen only can it but profits, before people put to wants bernie @cascamike: RT accomplish. can we what to limit no is there revolution, political a build we if together, stand we If win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let together! bold, be us Let @PaulSasso: RT htt… @OBEYGIANT) by inspired @DustyVinyl_FA (art: us. of all by built is revolution political This @WorkingFamilies: RT strong! million 3 Pack Super a has @BernieSanders man My @corinew77: RT work. equal for pay equal get women so equity pay demand and sisters our with stand MUST We @GRForSanders: RT htt… back it take to US for the to people the from wealth of transfer a been there's decades for because @People4Bernie: RT enough. is enough saying: and up standing people of revolution—millions political a about is campaign This … country. this in provided is healthcare how in revolution a need We @NationalNurses: RT class. billionaire the and politicians establishment from democracy our back takes that revolution political a need We Revolution. a need we believe I because canvass to time 4th the for Iowa to up drove I @PlatinumBubble: RT revolution. political the to Welcome @IL9CD4Bernie: RT accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there together, come we When @feelthebernorg: RT : accomplish. cannot we nothing is there night, Monday on together stand we If Connect. Join media. social using supporters other with message our amplify Help #… it!!🇺🇸 for vote to need we But top. the at few a just not all, us for works that government a have should We @fosterthepeople: RT … come. to years for Let's Bernie's. are they as values, American of core true the is @LaborForBernie: RT https:… @BernieSanders - people" the FOR and people, the BY people, the OF campaign a is "This @Latinos4Bernie: RT win. interests big-money the divided, are we If win. will we together, stand we If vote! and out Get exciting! is this for canvass to out heading now Iowa in I'm @jhutch1992: RT ch… tomorrow Iowa, Today vote! to out Get powerful. and rich the just Not us. of All us. for worked government our time It's @jhutch1992: RT https:… . wage. minimum $15 healthcare, payer single for is he because for in caucusing I'm @TweetingYarnie: RT https:… enough. is enough saying, and up standing people of revolution-millions political a about is campaign This @MarkPontius: RT https:… process. Democratic the of part be and vote, speak, together, come we when about comes Change @Iowa4Bernie: RT politics. establishment same-old the for time the not is Now small. thinking for time the not is Now sisters: and Brothers time. first the for canvass to how learning Boston from up Students @gardengn0me: RT htt… enough. is enough saying and up standing people of millions - revolution political a about is campaign This @SusanSarandon: RT win. we together, stand families working When win. we justice, for together stand all we When : revolution. political the to Welcome Love. Equality. Tolerance. Acceptance. @ProjectBernie16: RT alone. this do can't He one: day since it said has .@BernieSanders @MarkRuffalo: RT revolution. a building about NH Salem, in voters to talk to out heading volunteers of Teams https… few. a than rather us, of all for works that economy an create and together us bring that policies need We @JuliaRJones: RT Kennedy F. John - mankind.” to end an put will war or war, to end an put must "Mankind https:/… @berniesanders 2/5 on LA in concert benefit for released just tix Additional @ChiliPeppers: RT … rights. human basic but politics Not care. health free + education free wage, living a deserves EVERYONE Because @justinlong: RT half a and hour an in start to rally @BernieSanders's City, Iowa @EvgenyFeldman: RT that understands @BernieSanders years four every just not , everyday country this to important are We @georgelopez: RT families. their for living of standard minimal a provide to struggle and life of necessities basic the lack to continue families American htt… bldg same this in 900 of crowd the had Trump 70,000. of town a City, Iowa in event @BernieSanders for here are 3,700 @EvgenyFeldman: RT West Cornel with Iowa in rallies Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @thehill: RT https:/… Rapids Cedar in Bernie introduce to Ellison Keith West, Cornel Grijalva, Raul Garcia, Chuy Parade: on Progressives @Sam_Frizell: RT here: it find can you @JohnPodesta. response, our missed obviously you @cascamike: RT City. Iowa in @BernieSanders for Waiting @JohnBerman: RT @BernieSanders - system" justice our to back justice bring to working are "We @People4Bernie: RT Sanders Bernie of support in now in marching Thousands @jeffrae: RT others: and @jillsobule @fosterthepeople @vampireweekend with City Iowa from stream Live @BernieSanders for banking phone afternoon lovely a had @katarinasinfamy: RT process. political the in involved people get To turnout. voter increase substantially to is job Our City. Iowa in @BernieSanders awaiting crowd Big @KThomasDC: RT lives. destroying is it and absurd is That marijuana. using for arrested been have people of Millions us. with is momentum The months. eight in way long very a come has campaign Our https:/… @qctimes — @BernieSanders” for monday caucus should election general the in choice clear a for looking democrat “any @cascamike: RT https:… @JHutch1992 &amp; @VampireWeekend with Sanders Bernie palpable! is room the in energy The @ErikaAndiola: RT in! Tune @CNNSotu. CNN’s and @ThisWeekABC ABC’s on be I’ll next Up participate… people new if history political in upsets great the of one score to poised is he @jaketapper tells .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT shot" real a got "we've high, is turnout the If .@BernieSanders: @CNNPolitics: RT … in upsets political great the of one off pull to going "we're tomorrow, vote people young and working If .@BernieSanders: @ThisWeekABC: RT records. distorting around go not differences, those debate Let’s opinion. of differences have I and Clinton Sec. https:… 🎧pod: bank: phone @Iowa4Bernie Info: please , @goberniepod: RT low. extremely now is system political our in faith and decline in been has country this of class middle great the years 40 last the For truth. the telling are we because is campaign this in well doing are we reason The Sanders. Bernie Sen. for Monday caucus should election general the in choice clear a for looking Democrat Any January in million $20 jaw-dropping in brings campaign Sanders's Bernie @mateagold: RT money. of worship the on based be just cannot which culture a create to need We to going by help can you Iowa in not you're If . to Iowans asking is Anupama are We Let's @tlfiegen: RT http… meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to ready you Are @Latinos4Bernie: RT easy: It's caucus? to how know Don't caucus. the out getting Latin@s young and Dreamers PAC. super a have not does that side Democratic the on candidate only the am I that you tell to proud am I money. their want don’t I and America corporate represent not do I more. disagree Couldn't Washington.” in done get "can’t that idea an is right a as care health said just Mook Robby manager campaign Clinton now. starts revolution The here. starts revolution The night tomorrow caucuses before campaign Iowa his of rally last at @BernieSanders @SiCarswell: RT that. stop gonna we're Together, oligarchy. into sliding is nation our that much very worry I privilege. a not right, a be should care health that believe I clearly: and loudly it say me Let … says. he revolution," political a make to want you like "Sounds stage. on @BernieSanders greeted crowd Raucous @SiCarswell: RT bankruptcy. in out come not should you hospital, the to go you When hungry. go America in children while super-yachts, their of size the to as compete billionaires which in nation a accept not must We Americans. million 130 bottom the than wealth more has @Walmart) of Waltons (the family one that absurd is It https://t.… here: letter endorsement my Read President. for @BernieSanders endorse officially I Tonight @MMFlint: RT https… aquí completo Video Iowa. en @BernieSanders por campaña hace votar puede no que dreamer Este @UniPolitica: RT enough." is "Enough say, to together come we Today, class. billionaire the from back it took we time it's and country, our is This caucus. and out Come today. history of bit little a make let's Iowa, caucus. and out come Iowa, today. starts revolution The now. by saved been have would it bank a were environment the If @MarkPontius: RT cabinet. @BernieSanders' in No : @MoveOn: RT today. caucus to you wants he Hint: @JustinLong. from message a got We've everything. is @BernieSanders on @RBReich : @MoveOn: RT that. do will we Together, country. this in provided is care health how in revolution a need We … meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It’s :) ! to time is It @GatorsEite23: RT ht… Future. Our Is This President. our is Sanders Bernie where future a is There @ProjectBernie16: RT you. with starts It back. fight and up stand to prepared are who Americans of millions of movement a build to going We’re http… meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to Ready @SusanSarandon: RT … 2016 vez. la a voto un — político sistema corrupto este desmantelar podemos Juntos @DREAMerJ_D: RT up. bottom the from place takes always It down. top the from place takes never Change accomplish. can’t we nothing there's back, fight to prepared are and together, stand people When … people. American the of needs the about is campaign This Sanders. Bernie about not is campaign This clear. be Let's @jhutch1992: RT http… caucuses. today's for location precinct your find to 82623 to CAUCUS Text easy. this seriously It's @GRForSanders: RT https:/… snow! the through Onward wrong! all them prove to time It's up. show won't you say THEY because @People4Bernie: RT … meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It’s ? to ready you Are @Frances_Fisher: RT . repeal to committed be will who Court Supreme the to judges appoint only will Bernie @YoBenCohen: RT … need. you info the all get to Visit revolution?! a start and to ready You Iowa! @wilw: RT … @Bernlennials @People4Bernie Help! Can You Caucus, Can You @Women4Bernie: RT top. on few the just not us, of all for works that future a build can we Together Ac… Climate + Justice Jobs, choices. better people countless give would that choice a make to get you Today Iowa: of People @NaomiAKlein: RT . in and out Come family. and friends your Bring high. is turnout if tonight win We sport. spectator a not is Democracy sport. spectator a is Football https://t… state. your in victory unprecedented an with tonight history make us help Iowa, @feelthebernorg: RT … meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to ready you Are @stephencbishop: RT hotline: our Call ? to how on issues or Questions : in to location caucus your up Look campaign. people's a is This $ haul PAC super Sanders poverty. in live should week a hours 40 working country this in worker no that state to idea radical a not is It htt… 💪 banking! ☎️ &amp; 🚪🚪 on knocking are Others today! will @Latinos4Bernie these of Some @_Julio_Caesar: RT : in to Commit … history. American in disasters policy foreign worst the of one – War Iraq the against voted Bernie @YoBenCohen: RT https://… support! your show and there out Get in can you election general the by 18 you're If @Iowa4Bernie: RT Latina. comunidad la a escuchará hoy Iowa voz. tu es presencia tu Democracia la En come. to generations for future the determine will years 5 next the in inaction or Action @NaomiAKlein: RT America! transforming about is campaign this @jhutch1992: RT ht… location: your Find ! in choice your Voice Awesome! ? @Latinos4Bernie: RT … @BernieSanders. support to proud I'm why That's America. in change real achieve will we way only the is big Dreaming @AaronRegunberg: RT #… @BernieSanders TRUE! BE TO THIS BELIEVE I time. a at vote one — system political corrupt this dismantle can we Together, @elizadushku: RT wrong. them Prove win. can't we say They caucus. won't you say They care. don't you say They @… rights. human &amp; jobs, education, on strong who's candidate a Support decided. Nothing's ! day Exciting @kalpenn: RT @berniesanders : @MoveOn: RT people. American the of needs the about is campaign This Sanders. Bernie about not is campaign This clear. be Let's this: watch and location caucus local your to Head easy! It's tonight? to how know Don't … us with He's you! with we're Please, rallys. his at do you like to up Show IOWA!!! @ireneberns: RT you. with folks the bring And Sanders. Bernie for tonight Caucus change? real Want us underestimate Don't impossible. was said establishment political the what accomplished We asks. he it?" is time "what crowd. raucous a by hampshire new to welcomed .@BernieSanders @cascamike: RT possible. is anything together, stand we when along: all said have we what is week next again prove we'll what and night last proved we What election. an swing can shift volunteer every and matters contribution single every that is proved night last What half. a and hour an In @BernieSanders of anticipation in Keene downtown swarms Crowd NH! Onto @evanhalper: RT money. their want don't We America. corporate or Street Wall class, billionaire the of interests the represent not do We socio-econo… a create to platform his of because Sanders backs she stating crowd the to speaking is Dushku Eliza Actress @EricaMouraNEWS: RT live: Keene in rally our Watch together. coming people of millions with revolution political a requires moment This nation. this over all but Hampshire New in just not Iowa, in just not revolution political the began we night, Last speculation. Street Wall tax gonna We're it? for pay we will How free. tuition be should universities and colleges public 2016, year the In done. is politics how on change fundamental for fight and up stand to ready are people American The Hampshire: New Claremont, in voters addresses @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT "" Clinton: that?" accepting you Are want. they that City York New in debate "The Blitzer: TOMORROW! in Tune beyond. and Hampshire New on sights his sets .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT class. middle the help to time Street's Wall It's knees. its to economy this drove Street Wall of behavior illegal the and greed The … revolution." political the began we night, "Last Hampshire: New in .@BernieSanders @BostonGlobe: RT Latino. and African-American Disproportionately country. other any than jail in people more having of disgrace the end must We incarceration. and jails more not kids our for education and jobs provide is do to going are we What fracking. on ban a implement must we why is leak gas This hour! 8AM the in us joins .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT ideas radical such not are These be should universities and colleges public believe I .@BernieSanders: @Morning_Joe: RT https://t… yes. - is answer The @BernieSanders: night? tomorrow @HillaryClinton debate to going you Are asks: .@morningmika @Morning_Joe: RT corporations. for breaks tax in billions preserve to vote yet Security Social in cuts advocate Congress in some that immoral It's 2015. 10, Sept. @HillaryClinton, - guilty." plead I and moderate of kind being of accused get I know, "You proud. Very today! NY of State the in lawyer DREAMer first the becoming for Strategist, Outreach Latino our of one @DREAMerJ_D, to Congrats moderate. a is she announces she days Other yes. days, Some A. progressive? a is @HillaryClinton think you Do Q. … @BernieSanders EEUU los de baja clase la y trabajadora gente la por abogando años 30 de más lleva Sanders Bernie @Residente: RT progressive. a and moderate a be cannot you But progressive. a be can You moderate. a be can You Street. Wall from dollars of millions raise don't know I that progressives Most lot. whole a it about think to have didn't They Partnership. Trans-Pacific the to opposition in 1 day from firm are know I progressives Most complicated. that wasn’t it Honestly, one. day from pipeline Keystone the to opposed were know I that progressives Most States. United the of history the in blunders policy foreign worst the of One Iraq. in war the against were know I progressives Most country. this over all towns and cities manufacturing devastated have that policies trade disastrous our of continuation a is TPP The in speaks @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @NECN: RT progressives. among this about debate no is There course. Of other Some fair. but anything is TPP the And fair. be to got has trade But thing. good a is Trade now. and here apparent are change climate of impacts the – future the for problem a just isn’t change Climate nation. our facing issues the on discussion important an for now right the to in Tune plan. Medicare-for-all my under year a $5,807 save would $50,000 making family A to… proposal @BernieSanders' to resident NH says taxes," more pay gladly I'll premiums, insurance health on me saves it "If @ElizLanders: RT privilege. a not Americans, all for right a care health make would all for Medicare me. impacts it hungry go veterans or children When together. this in all are we that is spirituality My history. modern in bill affairs veterans comprehensive most the pass to Miller Rep. and McCain Sen. with worked Bernie now. right need we what That's about. been has movement major every what That's up. on bottom the from come always has Change issues. criminal not issues health are addiction and abuse Substance it. need they when need they help the get can people so country this in delivery health mental in revolution a need We https://t… donors. small from $ Q4 of % in ranked she where Here's her. supporting donors small the all about boasting Hillary @kenvogel: RT label 'progressive' over clash @HillaryClinton and .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT change. climate of face the in complacency into politicians bribed has planet our of history the in industry wealthiest The walk. the walking am I – finance campaign to comes it when talk the talking just not who’s guy the at looking You’re here: RSVP Hampshire. New Rochester, in today Rally Vote the Out Get a hosting be to Excited about. is America what not are ideas and comments racist Trump's Donald Nevada. in support 357's Union Local Workers Electrical of Brotherhood International have to honored and proud We’re Sanders Bernie endorse to Jealous Ben leader NAACP Former @WPJohnWagner: RT leave. medical and family paid of weeks 12 guaranteeing not of embarrassment international the end to have We here: office local your Find today! office Portsmouth our by stopped Jerry and Ben involved: Get yesterday! Springs Colorado in Bernstorm our at only room Standing economy. energy clean a to transition a in succeed to need they training and equipment, skills, the have workers that ensure to need We pretense. false under war to daughters and sons our send never will I but nation, this defend to hesitate never will I in stage the take to about @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @NECN: RT of. know we than behavior illegal more lot a with away gets Street Wall that is likelihood The jail. to big too be not will bankers Big fail. to big too be not will banks big administration my Under … Getty) (Pic: @BenJealous: Chairman NAACP former from endorsement major gets .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT : and tonight's Watch movement. our is this Remember: problem. the that's and Street Wall by rigged it's because Street Wall for works economy Our average. on year a $9,400 college to kids sending families save would free tuition universities and colleges public Making education. quality a for opportunity same the kids lower-income affords that plan only the is plan education Bernie’s @HillaryClinton - college.” free in believe don't "I privilege. a not right, a be should care health believe I again: it say me let so this saying for criticized been I've ICYMI … here: it read should you work. to back americans million 13 put to plan a has .@BernieSanders @cascamike: RT PAC. super a without stage on one only the am I – finance campaign to comes it when talk the talking just not I'm doesn’… she and plan a has he simple: is care health universal on sanders bernie and clinton secretary between difference the @cascamike: RT at campaign our to contributed have who donors million over have we that proud pretty am I it. about do can gov't the nothing is there and tomorrow double can they and prices drugs highest the far by pay we why ask Let's Greenspan. Alan on take Bernie watch and commercials the Skip money. their want don't We America. corporate or Street Wall class, billionaire the of interests the represent not do We money. company drug and St. Wall on dependent become you've when establishment the on take and progressive real a be to hard It's free. scot off get Street Wall on crooks the but arrested gets marijuana smokes who kid the that strange it find I @mateagold: RT dinero. su queremos no Nosotros corporaciones. de o St Wall de multimillonarios, los de intereses los representamos no Nosotros ones. right the make to harder It’s decisions. bad making for apologize to easy It’s farmacéuticas. de y St Wall de dinero del dependes cuando establecimiento al enfrentar y real progresista un ser difícil Es didn't. other The War. Iraq the on way right the voted us of one 2002 in back And judgment. is so but important, is Experience … contractors military to ties have Sanders opposing as cited Clinton experts" policy "foreign the Half @RaniaKhalek: RT war. to them send don't then veterans, our of care take to afford can't you If … is it Yes, return? to Veterans deported for called has who candidate only the is @BernieSanders that know you Did @ErikaAndiola: RT desmoraliz… está gente la cuando ganan republicanos votar a salen muchos cuando ganan demócratas "Los : @TelemundoNews: RT health. reproductive women’s protecting about questions More questions. email Fewer it. abolish must We Latin@s. and African-Americans impacts disproportionately penalty death The resign. should Snyder Gov. excuses. no are There problems. health other and damage brain with plagued be will Flint in Children get. they'd response what community suburban white a were Flint if wonders One fair. but anything is TPP the And fair. be to got has trade But thing. good a is Trade NAFTA. to opposition in line picket the on was I NAFTA, to opposition in only not was I says: @BernieSanders punishment, capital on question to response In @CBSNews: RT … comprehension." beyond is response dramatic a been not has there that idea "The - @BernieSanders @MichiganDems: RT Congress. US the control interests money big as long as families working for need we what accomplish to going aren't You immigrants. undocumented million eleven for citizenship to roadmap legislative fair and swift a for way the pave must We candidate. Republican any than better times 100 are we say to fair it's days, worst our On Fraud." is Street Wall of model business "The says Sanders Moment: Most-Tweeted @gov: RT https://… endorsement. the of significance the on in weigh @RobertGBeckel + @VanJones68 @BernieSanders, endorses Head Ex-NAACP @ThisHour: RT life. of walks all from Americans of millions engages which revolution political a launch must We Security Social On Clinton With Problem A Have Groups Progressive Why Post: Huffington https://t.… that: fix to needs She cuts. benefit for open door the leaves on position current Clinton's Hillary @SSWorks: RT AM this him with interview my from @BernieSanders supports @MarkRuffalo why See @AriRabinHavt: RT Tuesday's of ahead Sunday this on @jaketapper join will .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT time. sick paid and time vacation paid guarantee not does which earth on country major only the be cannot We halls. town cool has Hampshire New Exeter. in Sanders Bernie for house Full @ddale8: RT snowstorm. a despite outside standing crowd overflow an addressing .@BernieSanders @kartpath: RT now: Register democracy! in part Take tomorrow. is Mississippi's and today is deadline registration voter Oklahoma's incomes. taxable on cap the lifting by benefits Security Social expand to got have We why: Here's ticket. Democratic the win to want I @mrdannyglover: RT seniors. low-income to paid benefits minimum increase and cost-of-living-adjustments increase would Security Social on cap the Lifting today. Hampshire New in revolution political the Join participate. to ability voters’ increase to holiday federal a Day Election make to need We it." get don't just We insurance. health national fund to enough pay already taxpayers American "Surprisingly, Security. Social cut never will we that clearly and loudly saying in me join to Clinton Sec. urge I interests. special represent who those elect to want they as much as contribute can corporations and billionaires that unacceptable It's horrifying. is Flint in crisis health public the about revelation latest The nothing. did and crisis this about knew who accountable everyone hold must Department Justice the and immediately resign must Snyder Gov. h… children" nation's future the for fight to trust can we leader of type the "is @BernieSanders .@BenJealous: @NolanDMcCaskill: RT press… the told Jealous Ben leader NAACP former States," United the of President for @BernieSanders endorse to proud "I’m @DannyEFreeman: RT info: More 9am. at open Doors Fieldhouse! University Pierce Franklin the at morning tomorrow Rindge in be to Excited days. best their on Republicans the of any than better are we say to fair is it days, worst our On over. are charts the off prices drug raising of days your clear: and loud say we pharma big To @… says care," health to entitled are country great this in people our of all that believe I because criticized been have "I @rubycramer: RT donors. campaign wealthy few a just not us, of all to belongs government this Remember: endorsement my read Please Sanders. Bernie endorse to proud am I @BenJealous: RT officials. elected of loyalty the bought have and change climate on act to attempt every blocked have companies gas and coal for Executives stunn… am I it. said Bernie said. ever has one no something is That Wow. FRAUD"!! is Street Wall for model business "The @BetteMidler: RT Hampshire. New in speaks @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MarcNECN: RT Street. Wall on people of handful a of because savings life and homes jobs, their lost Americans of Millions now: vote to Register sport. spectator a not is Democracy today. is deadline registration voter Mississippi's prices. rising and fees hidden not internet, the to access affordable deserve Americans https:… a build to how know here activists Education . in rally the at today us Join @DREAMerJ_D: RT NH. Salem, in vote the out getting today force in out are Nurses https:… historia su Aquí @BernieSanders. a ido habría precinto su participar, podido hubiera Salamanca Héctor dreamer el Si @UniPolitica: RT win. they process political the in engaged become people of millions When said. Enough @BenJealous: RT familia. su a agua de vaso un darle querer por deportado ser de miedo con vivir debe Nadie Hampshire. New in revolution political our leading women the of few a just are These resort. first a not resort, last a be should action military Unilateral https://t… @BernieSanders @SC4Bernie in Garner Eric of daughter @es_snipes, with @BernieSanders for Campaigning @BenJealous: RT instead. @nbcsnl Watch enough. good Not ? the of think I did What Night! Saturday it's York New from Live @nbcsnl! on now right Enthusiasm" your "Bern to in Tune germs? with infested isn't line rope a think you What, @nbcsnl: RT it. Feeling @nbcsnl: RT Bernie. Larry, Larry. Bernie, @nbcsnl: RT win: us Help good!" pretty pretty, pretty, are Hampshire New in "Things @BernieSanders for avatar different a that’s Hey, @NYTnickc: RT Senator. avatar, Twitter Nice @BernieSanders @nbcsnl: RT all. after person same the not they're that proof Official @nbcsnl: RT https://t.… David! Larry course of and @the1975 @RedHourBen, @BernieSanders, to Thanks ages. the for one was show Tonight's @nbcsnl: RT … @HillaryClinton: of instead @BernieSanders supporting he's why on president NAACP Former @MSNBC: RT Bernie! for vote @NBCSNL, on David Larry of years more four least at want you If security. global and strength economic our maintain to change climate fighting in community international the lead to needs The @seacoastonline via penalty death the abolish help and Sanders Vote @rennycushing: RT encounters. police during force of use experience to likely as times four almost and arrested be to likely as twice are African-Americans Hampshire. New in 9 February on Bernie for Vote change? real Want Portsmouth: in rally a holding is @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @WMUR9: RT https… speech his know they excited, is Crowd campaign. to according event @BernieSanders at Portsmouth in here ppl 1200 @maryaliceparks: RT ! before days two just today, bern the feelin Portsmouth in crowd big big, A @kartpath: RT all. for opportunity and hope of nation a in live to turn everyone's it’s because but turn, my it’s because president for running not I’m … @BernieSanders of endorsement his discuss to @CNN on @FWhitfield joins he as SC from live @BenJealous Catch @AneesaSM: RT America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our injustas deportaciones las detendrá Sanders Grijalva: Raúl earth. on country major every virtually behind lags States United the values, family real supporting to comes it When non-solution. draconian other some or deportation self of alternatives Republican the not process, immigration rational a need We tonight. tomorrow vote to out come Please Hampshire. New in way long a come have We … Hampshire New Nashua, in rally Vote" The Out "Get a holds @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT morning? this idea radical a for ready everyone Is needs. country this that revolution political grassroots the create will we together, Standing … few. a just Not us. of ALL for works that future a building we're we When @GRForSanders: RT http… you. on counting are we Hampshire, New win. will we turnout, voter high With @BernieTampaBay: RT us. divide to them allow not nation, our facing issues real the address will we Together America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our @pikittakbo: RT orige… de lugar o raza por dividan nos que dejar no y país, nuestro a afectan que problemas los combatir y unirnos Debemos @IL9CD4Bernie: RT to time it's to now streets, the in marched We've @People4Bernie: RT together. people bring to is job Our divide. to not is job Our TOGETHER. stand to going are We Muslims. hate gonna not We’re Latinos. hate gonna not We’re up: us divide to want who those To https://… can! we together Because . the toward path our on us lead will @BerniesBerners: RT win. we together, stand we When https:… bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America @HidalgoSanders: RT http… work" equal for pay equal get women so equity pay demand &amp; sister our with stand must "We @Women4Bernie: RT Bernie: for vote to Commit . to chance a have you tomorrow Hampshire: New together. people bringing is about is campaign this What trabajo. mismo el por salario mismo El mujer. la a pago de igualdad exigir y hermanas nuestras a unirnos Debemos hogar.… su es que país el en permanecer merecen que estadounidenses chicos son: que lo como DREAMers los a ver que Tenemos @ErikaAndiola: RT … race. or gender by us divide to them allow not and issues, real the address to together Stand @Brotherlab: RT us. for fight who people the of care take to obligation an have We @williamecurley: RT America. transform Let's tomorrow. vote and out Come Hampshire: New @BernieSanders NH! Concord, in vols surprised who Look @WorkingFamilies: RT Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want https… 👉 meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It’s ? to Ready @Latinos4Bernie: RT divisiones. las rechazamos cuando ganamos Nosotros une. se pueblo el cuando ganamos Nosotros vote. and out come all: you urge I win. to going are we think I tomorrow, turnout high a is there If started. getting just We're @MoveOn: RT masivas. deportaciones las con acabar y unidas familias las a mantener Debemos @DREAMerJ_D: RT meet! you anyone &amp; friends family, to word the Spread easy! It's ? to ready you Are executives. Sachs Goldman and Brothers Koch the by around thrown money of amount any beat can we together, come people When @ProtegeteCO @marrtasilva salvado. hubieran lo que cuando desde banco, un fuera ambiente medio el Si @Dulce__Saenz: RT … 5:50 approx on be will I tonight! rally the at speak to &amp; @berniesanders w/ NH in b to happy I'm 💕 @emrata: RT ht… WIN" WILL WE if sure I'm ours. like threat a w dealt never has class Billionaire "The @TexasForBernie: RT https://… . we when economics establishment transform and politics establishment defeat only will We @Bernlennials: RT Falsehoods Clinton on Statement Campaign Sanders Latinos. of percent 60 nearly of wages the increase will which $15, to wage min. the increase must We @BernieSanders supporting for Zeroes Magnetic the @EdwardSharpe Thanks @mcbyrne: RT @emrata: RT on @BenJealous - record Clinton of critique tough makes CEO NAACP Fmr. @jaketapper: RT Street. Wall on model business the is Fraud @UofNH! at rally our for turnout Big Woah! families. our of lives the improve and family of bonds the strengthen values family Real before rally final his for stage the takes .@BernieSanders @anitakumar01: RT campaign. people's a is This support. your for 357 Local IBEW you Thank time. vacation paid or leave sick paid leave, family paid of form some workers its guarantee doesn’t that economy advanced only the are We https://t… política: revolución su y @BernieSanders a respaldan de Líderes @Laura_GomezRod: RT . the in cast votes First Notch. Dixville of people the of support unanimous the have to Honored you. Thank today. vote and out come to you urge I win. will we believe I today, high is turnout if Hampshire, New primary! Hampshire New the for vote to remember folks sure making early and bright up are volunteers Our home. stay to afford can’t they because just sick are they when work must McDonald’s like companies for workers low-wage that insane is It location? polling your up look to Need Hotline: our Call today? Primary Hampshire New the in voting issues or Questions today!" vote and out Go person. a not Jerry's, &amp; Ben person. a I'm And person. a I'm Jerry. I'm And, Ben. "I'm ! the in you for hard working are allies union and @CWAUnion Go! @BernieSanders, Go @CWAUnion: RT … HQ MI Flint, our to water of truckload a delivered just Florida from supporters .@BernieSanders @rbecker51: RT LIVE. table Topics Hot the hits @BernieSanders Senator when to ready Get TOMORROW: @TheView: RT State. Granite the in vote the out getting currently volunteers our of all to you Thank Concord! in place polling a at stop surprise a made @BernieSanders so Day, Primary Its @kartpath: RT image! this share and Use ? the in Bernie for Voting ! the in vote go and friends your Bring Hampshire. New on are country entire the of eyes the Today, class. billionaire the just not us, of all to belongs country this clearly: and loudly say you'll today, voting by Hampshire, New ht… NH. in today @BernieSanders for canvassing she's reasons the all down breaks Healey Patty RN @NationalNurses: RT wage. living a is wage minimum The now: from years eight imagine to you want I debt. crushing the without college graduating are Students child. and woman, man, every for right a as recognized is care Health change. climate fighting in world the leading is States United the and now from years eight Imagine jail. to powerful too banker no fail, to big too is that bank no is There elections. and candidates our buy to able longer no are billionaires so field playing the leveled We’ve . the in say and out Go Hampshire. New in tonight started all it say will they happens, that When hotline: our Call ? today's in voting with issues or questions any Have at location polling your Lookup time. have still You OK! That's vote? to where sure Not Hampshire! New you, Thank win. we together, stand we When matters. vote Every democracy. practice and line in stay Please, granted. for anything take can't we but win to going we’re says media The movement. your is This needs. nation our revolution political the building we're that is tonight confirmed we What win. Republicans demoralized, are people and low is turnout voter When win. Democrats high, is turnout voter When forget: Never … win. his after interview exclusive an for LIVE co-hosts our joins @BernieSanders TODAY: @TheView: RT change. real want people The country. this of establishment economic and political the to notice served we night Last in! Tune ABC. on @TheView on Bernie now: Happening at president for campaign our Join future. the to path new a for ready is America believe I changes. real demanding together standing families working of millions have we but money, of supply endless an have may Street Wall will. I than system justice criminal broken our reform and racism end to harder fight will one no that clear very be me let President, As NH night, Last - America." across now, right here, right fundraiser a hold to going “I’m around. pushed or down put wealth of lot a without people see to liked never and family, a to means money of lack what learned I kid a As college. to go can income, of regardless people, young qualified our of all where country a in live can We wage. minimum the raise to need We communities. depressed already of impoverishment increased the stop to steps bold take to need We … @CBSEveningNews. tonight's for up grew he where Brooklyn in @BernieSanders interviewed Just @ScottPelley: RT ht… has @ScottPelley means. modest of home a in immigrants, Jewish of son a Brooklyn, in up grew .@BernieSanders @CBSEveningNews: RT https… Carolina: South in ahead what’s about Brooklyn in @BernieSanders with talks .@ScottPelley @CBSEveningNews: RT $27. of average an at contributions individual million than more from comes support financial campaign’s our that fact the by moved am I Weaver Jeff - million." $7 try Let's goal. that crushed already you and today million $6 raising of goal a set "We … Carolina. South to Hampshire New from road the on is Theater Sullivan Ed the out Turns Tonight! @colbertlateshow: RT msnbc via day! every @BernieSanders supporting are us of more and more Why @BenJealous: RT movement. grassroots powerful a without country this of families working the facing crises the address effectively can alone president No wealthy. the only benefiting itself unto island an be not communities, our help should Banking win: us help Please campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling video a with official Sanders Bernie of endorsement his makes Belafonte Harry Entertainer @WPJohnWagner: RT outrageous. That's poverty. childhood in 1 Number and billionaires in 1 Number is States United the world, industrialized the In change. to going is That loans. student on profiteering of out government the get to going are We universities. and colleges than prisons and jails more has America of States United the that me to sense no makes It America. in people wealthiest the just not us, of all represents that government a creating means It democracy. means Socialism Democratic extremism. that's body, own her control cannot she that woman a tell you When here: online stream or CNN or PBS on ET 9pm at Watch . PBS the to tonight in Tune bold. be to got have We it. do to going isn't just old same old, same The revolution. political a need We that. change to plan a has candidate one Only uninsured. are million 31 insurance, health no have Americans million 29 truth: The States. United the people: all to care health guarantee not does that earth on country major one is there is reality The site: this on it's Hint: proposals. their of all for pay to how exactly out laid has candidate one Only steps. small just not change, big need we know They doing. they're what exactly know country this in people Young tragedy. unspeakable an is That lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black 4 in 1 system. justice criminal our in reforms incremental, not radical, need We -… incarceration." not education, in invest to need we know we Latino, and Black mostly jail, in people more have we "When @ErikaAndiola: RT up. them dividing not together, families keeping reform: immigration of issue the on light guiding Bernie’s sender. to return marked package a like origin of country their to back shipped be minors that insisted @HillaryClinton that appalling is It back…" sent be should "They @HillaryClinton: on check Fact message." a “send to children use don’t We donors. large from come has money campaign @HillaryClinton's of percent 85 About $30 &lt; contribution Average ✅ donors 1M than More ✅ contributions ✅ campaign: people-powered A politicians. from interference without woman any of right a is abortion an have to decision The audit. an refused has that agency major one the is which Defense, of Department the at spending wasteful reduce to need We policy." foreign on him from advice take not will I and friend, my not is Kissinger Henry that say to proud am "I https:/… Kissinger. Henry State of Sec. former with closeness her for @HillaryClinton criticizes .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT … WATCH: @BernieSanders! endorses @harrybelafonte legend Musical @MoveOn: RT . el en deportación de redadas recientes las rechazó .@BernieSanders @UniPolitica: RT shadows. the in living continue cannot people undocumented million 11 because president for running am I workers. migrant vulnerable exploit can't America corporate sure make that reforms immigration need We … locales. policías las a especiales poderes otorga que migratorio programa el critica .@BernieSanders @UniNoticias: RT Comments Immigration Clinton’s on Statement Campaign Sanders same. the do to @HillaryClinton for time is It together. families keeps and children protects that plan immigration an forward put I've families. immigrant of thousands deporting and up rounding involving tactics inhumane employ to continue cannot We answer. the not are Raids message." a "send to way a as countries violent terribly to back children sending justifies opponent my that irresponsible It's collapse. Street Wall the of result a as wealth their of half lost community African-American The debt. student high outrageously of because car or home first their buy to afford can't graduates college of millions that unacceptable It's … is vision his importantly more and work Paul's that sure making for Minnesota of Democrats the thank to want "I Sanders: @dhmontgomery: RT " turnout. voter high a create to is job Our high. is turnout voter when win Democrats and "progressives Sanders: @dhmontgomery: RT economically. way long a come has country this Biden, President Vice and Obama President Under stage. world the on compete can we that so Americans all for affordable it make to need We poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical terribly a is it believe don’t I … @commondreams " for President Best Be Would Sanders Bernie Why Reasons Top "5 @PeaceAction: RT Think You Than Policy Foreign on Serious More &amp; Realist a Is Sanders Bernie How Korb/ Lawrence @KatrinaNation: RT … live! in tune @BernieSanders and @HillaryClinton with tonight the at us join can't you If @coloradodems: RT prescriptions. their fill to afford cannot patients 5 of out 1 drugs; prescription for world the in price highest the pays The here: live in Tune can. you as shifts many as for Volunteer reality. a revolution political this make to now you need I it. is This … @BernieSanders of behalf on speaking @RepGrijalvaCS w/ Summit Vote Latino @SuVotoEsSuVoz @LucyFlores: RT campaign: our of endorsement powerful Garner's Erica Watch poverty. in living are children American African of percent 40 that unacceptable simply is It … canvass! they before team Charleston our up fire to SC in back is @es_snipes NOW: HAPPENING @AneesaSM: RT ‘88 in President for Jackson Jesse Endorses Sanders Flashback: MLK - struggle." continuous through comes but inevitability, of wheels the on in roll not does "Change passing. his mourn who court the on colleagues his and family Scalia's Justice with are prayers and thoughts My Sanders. Bernie of arrival the awaiting Denver downtown in crowd the of Part @WPJohnWagner: RT debt. in living without college to go can American every that ensure to fight must We right. a is education Higher security. economic without occur not does freedom True … disagrees loudly Crow say" they small' think to have 'We big. too boldly, too thinking for criticized been have "I @Chicago4Bernie: RT revolution. political a make to prepared are who people of group a like me to looks This htt… be can we know we nation a create gonna &amp;we're together stand gonna divided,we're be gonna not We're @People4Bernie: RT organize. we why That’s . tonight’s at heard be won't that phrase a - union a and $15 revolution. political a make to prepared is Colorado like me to looks This @berniesanders you meet to Nice @flobots: RT http… too sign to @HillaryClinton urge We . to pledge the signed has .@BernieSanders @greenpeaceusa: RT shift: a for up Sign help. your need I way. under is Nevada in campaign our for GOTV hungry. go America in children while super-yachts, their of size the to as compete billionaires which in nation a accept not must We ! the at @BernieSanders the Listening @coloradodems: RT speculation. Street Wall on tax a putting by it for pay to going we’re and free, universities and colleges public make will I President, As … supply water upgrade to need of example one just @freep: today’s in @BernieSanders and .@ErinBrockovich @cascamike: RT interview. @TheRevAl's watch to @MSNBC to in Tune people." all for States United the in healthcare need "We .@BernieSanders: @MSNBC: RT rolls. voting from names minority-community of purging the and laws discriminatory to end an put must We @BernieSanders Candidate Presidential Democratic @FoxNewsSunday: on up Coming @FoxNewsSunday: RT … . the about said Sanders what Here's @PoliticsNation. on @BernieSanders interviewed .@TheRevAl @MSNBC: RT it! miss Don't morning. this on be will @BernieSanders Senator @FaceTheNation: RT https://t… possible" as soon "as Scalia for replacement nominates Obama Pres. hopes .@BernieSanders @ThisWeekABC: RT … SECURITY NATIONAL OF MATTER A IS THIS - system water our save to call a in @BernieSanders joined I've @ErinBrockovich: RT unforgivable. and unsustainable That’s each. $30,000 of average an owed debt student with 2014 in graduated who People @jdickerson tells @BernieSanders Carolina," South in well quite do to going we're and us, with is momentum "The @FaceTheNation: RT line. bottom their protect to it about lied and did, else anyone before change climate on research the pioneered Exxon at Executives nationality. or religion by up divided be to ourselves allowing not people, one as together standing about is America @News3LV Bern. the feelin' Bonanza at people of Lots today. beat @BernieSanders the On @jgillanNews3LV: RT group. hate anti-immigration an of side opposite the on be to Proud … gym the across ripple Bern" the "Feel of Chants Vegas. in HS Bonanza at @BernieSanders for waits Crowd @AnneClaireCNN: RT Vegas Las in rally holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @shiftmsnbc: RT politics. establishment for stand not will we country: the to message strong a send we NV in Here worse. them makes it problems, solve doesn't That us. divide to attempted has nation this of history The https://t… a he's says mom His rally. Vegas Las @BernieSanders Lomas Carter Jack Oliver old month met Just @joshbhaskell: RT @News3LV @BernieSanders revolution. political a need we now believe I Flores: Lucy Says @jgillanNews3LV: RT interest. money big and Street Wall by funded are others people, the by funded is campaign Our @BernieSanders! 4 calls phone make and @MoveOn: RT fail. to big too are that institutions financial up break to need we that believe now I deregulation. opposed and Street Wall on took I Nevada! from Day Valentine's Happy service. at today welcome warm the for congregation your and Fowler Dr. you Thank it. afford can’t they because so do cannot Act Leave Medical and Family the under off time take can who workers ten of out eight Nearly now: right shift volunteer a for up Sign it. is This help. your need I but Nevada in here momentum the have We practice! revolting most this end must We loans. student of off profits in dollars of billions makes government federal the year, Every families. working help really which measures support they if yourself ask values,” “family about talking politician a hear you time Next today. reopen center health @PPRockyMountain Springs Colorado the see to glad am I Sanders Bernie for case pragmatic The @TheAtlantic: RT religion. their of because people attacking be cannot we but else, anything or immigration on view of point different a have can You campaign. a in point this at history in candidate any than contributions individual more received have we that overwhelmed am I campaign. people's a is This money. their want don't We class. billionaire the or Street Wall of interests the represent not do We proposals. his for pays @BernieSanders How @Frances_Fisher: RT America. for choice best the is campaign our why explains @HarryBelafonte entertainer and icon rights Civil … Michigan! to coming he's that notice hour 48 gives Bernie when like looks it what is This @kelcollison: RT change climate of denial continued their for Republicans into ripped .@BernieSanders @nowthisnews: RT @EMU_Swoop at live speaking is @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @detroitnews: RT win! us help and today register to Visit vote. to register to you for day last the is today Alabama, follow. leaders the lead, people the When big. think to is moment this in required is what believe I here: RSVP @MrDannyGlover! and @JustinBamberg @KillerMike, @ninaturner, with rally a for tomorrow Atlanta in me Join privilege. a not right, a be should care health again: it say me let so this saying for criticized been I've vote: to Register division. reject we and together come people When high. is turnout voter the when win Democrats … Latinos young by waged being largely is Nevada in nomination Democratic the for battle The @nytimes: RT … @bfp_news via Michigan. Eastern at crowd big draws @BernieSanders @Wej12: RT afternoon: tomorrow Charleston in hall town a for Gilliard Representative with me join please Carolina, South up. Pull University. Allen at Tuesday SC. Columbia, @JustinBamberg: RT earth. on country major other every in exist that ideas are these - all for care health leave, medical and family Paid Ricke. Bernie President 600 Local UAW Bernie: another by introduced being .@BernieSanders @ChadLivengood: RT Action. Peace of support the have to Proud morning. the in @JustinBamberg with Hall Town a with starting tomorrow Carolina South visiting be to Excited vote. a and hearing a have Let's justices. SCOTUS nominate to duty a has @POTUS clear: very is Constitution The States. United the of Constitution the read to Republicans for idea nice a be would It us: Join together. people of millions of tens bring will that revolution political a is together building are We @daveweigel w/ ‘firewall,’ Hampshire post-New Clinton’s threatens race tightening a Nevada, In @WPJohnWagner: RT suppression. voter no and – say equal an having citizen every with – vote one person, one is democracy American Michigan in rally massive a at Flint in families with meeting his describes .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT … voting! early today's for Courthouse County Crawford the outside early gathering are supporters .@BernieSanders @4029Pedro: RT shift: volunteer a for up Sign ready. be to need we’ll weeks, three next the in caucuses and primaries 14 With children. our poisoning are we America, of States United the in 2016, year the in that comprehension my beyond is It - @Morehouse stops Tour HBCU Bern the Feel @Morehouse: RT now! register to Visit primary. the in vote to register to chance last your is today Ohio, and Florida SC. Columbia, in hall town a at speaks Sanders Bernie WATCH @WLOS_13: RT stop campaign Michigan a during issues 20 on touches Sanders Bernie candidate ‘Single-issue’ @WPJohnWagner: RT … power. to truth speak to willingness his see I because @SenSanders endorsed I've @kenclarkforaz: RT info! for Visit locations. select in grace-period has also state the but today, is deadline registration Illinois' democracy. American undermining is which system finance campaign corrupt a today have We SC in @BernieSanders joins Erica daughter Garner's Eric @maryaliceparks: RT Gilliard Wendell Rep. Carolina South - color." of people targeting officers police our of enough is "Enough … ✊🏽🇺🇸✊🏽🔥🔥 SC. Charleston, in crowd the addressed @BernieSanders house. packed another Yet @JustinBamberg: RT money Street Wall and pacs super to no saying for Sanders Bernie applauding feet their on Crowd @DSladeNews: RT process. democratic the in involved get Americans ordinary of numbers large when about comes change Real here: caucus to commit Then Nevada! in Bernie for caucus to know to need you what Learn win. Republicans demoralized, are people and low is turnout voter When win. progressives and Democrats high, is turnout voter When earth. on country major any almost of poverty childhood of rate highest the - poverty in living are children our of percent 20 Over VIDEO: @BernieSanders welcomes @Morehouse How @Jeremy11alive: RT government. the not make, to doctor her and woman a for decision a is abortion about decision The : at @BernieSanders introduces @KillerMike LIVE: WATCH @11AliveNews: RT @Morehouse at @berniesanders now, stage on Bern: the Feel @Jeremy11alive: RT top. on few the just not and us, of all for works that future a build to campaign this in me join to you ask I citizenship. toward path a and reform immigration comprehensive for effort the lead will I … consensus of molder a but consensus for searcher a not is leader genuine a advice: King's Dr. heeded has Bernie @BenJealous: RT revolution. political the is That about. is campaign this what is That few. wealthy a just not us, of all to belongs government This accomplish. can't we nothing is there us, of all for work should government that vision the share we when together, stand we when believe I economy. global and the destroyed nearly behavior illegal their 2008, In power. extraordinary have Street Wall on people of handful A change. to has that reality a That’s today. America in reality the That’s color. of people disproportionately are jails American in People can: you as shifts bank phone many as for up Sign there. almost are we and working are shifts volunteer Your details. for Visit primary! OPEN an it's and today, is deadline registration voter Missouri's here: LIVE Watch . at Medicare and prices drug high Security, Social about soon speaking be I'll event. this having are we glad am I so discussion enough get don't seniors to pertaining issues often, Too … @BernieSanders - benefits." expand # of solvency the extend can you cap, the lift you "If @LCAgingOrgs: RT -@BernieSanders… half." in pills cutting are prescription for country other any than more much much pay "We @LCAgingOrgs: RT caucus. and family your with out come all: you urge I win. can we think I Saturday, on turnout high a is there If for message a have @ChiliPeppers Hot Red The country. this in poverty in living Latinos million 12 than more have we shamefully, Today, policy. immigration our of center the at compassion put to call Francis' Pope heed must We Greenville. in is he Here United. Citizens ending about talk to today offices SC our of three by stopped Cohen Ben caucus: go and Saturday this democracy in participate Nevada, … @BernieSanders NOW! avail. shirts @OBEYGIANT: RT Store: Bernie the in design new a has Fairey Shepard actvist and artist Acclaimed … @BernieSanders. a apoyar para llamadas haciendo está Ya Vegas. Las a @marcoregil Bienvenido @josefmtz: RT … por votar deberían inmigrantes los de favor en leyes las defienden y Unidos Estados en viven que latinoamericanos los Todos @Residente: RT simple. that win—it’s can we day, caucus on up show we If you. without it do can’t we but Nevada, in continues revolution political The @politico coders of army his w/ factory app @BernieSanders the Inside @dsamuelsohn: RT full. beds prison keep to order in detain, and jail arrest, to over-incentive an in result which profit, for prisons end to need We … Nevada en asienten muchos Street Wall de "fraude" del habla @BernieSanders Cuando @FernandoPeinado: RT morning. this organizations rights civil several of leaders with meeting DC in .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT … @SuzGamboa by Bernie' 'El supporting strongly : .@BernieSanders' @NBCLatino: RT … @BernieSanders for support his &amp; @NAACP the with time his on @BenJealous w/ @ChairChats New @scdp: RT @thenation via Gap. the Close to How Here’s Own. Its On Away Go Not Will Inequality … @rolandsmartin @MARCMORIAL all by statements opening after started just @BernieSanders w mtg Ldrs Rights Civil @LVBurke: RT heard. voice your make and there get to is plan your what know to want I Saturday, on caucus Nevada the With Street. Wall de bancos los a premiar no trabajadoras, familias las a defender siempre ser debe compromiso Nuestro underestimated. be shouldn't united, standing people, the that show we'll NV, across all you like folks by Powered plan. Medicare-for-All my under employee average the for costs care health in year a $9,400 over save would Businesses privilege. a not right, a as care health has citizen every where country a in live can We -@MrDannyGlover causes." just represent servants public demanding citizenry pro-active a essentially is "democracy 11am. at there be to plan easy: is one That 20? Feb Saturday, on there be to need you time what know you do Nevada, … Bernie! ¡Viva revolucionarios! los ¡Viva it. hear to get they when truth the sense can People @pussyrrriot: RT East. Middle the in war endless an to opposed vigorously am I Iraq. in war the against voted I Nevada Llamas, Rogelio - favor." el devolver que teniendo acabará poderosos los de dinero toma uno "Si ride: a need you if know us let Saturday? on Caucus the to getting are you how know you do Nevada, Gersh Mark via Scrutiny: Faces Electability Clinton Brother Big about fearful very am I surveillance: government on .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT gratitude." of debt a Reid Harry Senator owes country "This standard. that meet didn't bill 2007 The workers. migrant vulnerable exploit can't America corporate sure make to reform immigration need We poverty." in living are children African-American of percent 35 that unacceptable simply is "It same. the do to @HillaryClinton for time is It together. families keeps and children protects that plan immigration an forward put I've requirements. residency state meet they if tuition in-state for eligible DREAMers declare must We centers. detention and programs deportation inhumane dismantle must We color. of women for worse gets it how and women, for gap pay the out points rightfully .@BernieSanders @JohnFetterman: RT people. of millions displace which NAFTA and TPP the like agreements trade bad rewrite gotta have We people. working of hands the into money put … billionaires to breaks tax giving of Instead .@BernieSanders: @MSNBC: RT ago." years 50 was degree school high a what of equivalent the is degree college a respects, many in 2016, in "Today idea. radical a not It's deserve. they education the get to able be must income, family's their of regardless America, in child Every sentences' minimum mandatory with away 'Do : tonight's from WATCH @meetthepress: RT families. divide not unite, must We deported. be may dad or mom their tomorrow that scared Latin@s young many too to talked I've week work 40-hour ✅ Medicaid and Medicare ✅ Wage Minimum ✅ Security Social ✅ LBJ: and FDR from programs 'Socialist' Security. Social about talking am I socialism, democratic about talk I When .@BernieSanders: @AARPadvocates: RT times. wait are Those rationing. That’s underinsured. are million 31 insurance. health have don’t Americans million 29 admin. Clinton the by place in put immigrants returning against bars year ten and three the remove to promise @HillaryClinton's hear to Glad t… exactly That's CIR?? support you because people undocumented our for licenses oppose to ok It's @HillaryClinton? Really @ErikaAndiola: RT https:/… (1/3) care primary Here's right. He's myth. mostly are abroad times wait of stories scary says .@BernieSanders @CitizenCohn: RT Back' Sent Be 'Should Minors Unaccompanied Clinton: Hillary Flashback: 2014 HRC, - stay." to gets child the mean doesn't that border, the across gets child your because just message, clear a send to have "We charity. to given was payout $500 The worry. Don't like: looks speech @BernieSanders paid a what is This contract! care health union better a for fight their in 226 Culinary with stand to proud am I here: easily it Find is? location caucus your where know you do Nevada, shelter. and heat food, like necessities other and care health between choose to have longer no will people plan, care health my Under counterparts. white their than rates higher significantly at death to sentenced and policed incarcerated, are color of People … here: clicking by @BernieSanders 4 calls make &amp; soon! is @MoveOn: RT poverty. in lived citizens senior our of half nearly law, into signed was Security Social Before voters Nevada with meets @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America … from. come we where or race by us divide to them allow not and issues, real the address to together stand must we believe I @RI4Bernie: RT intolerancia. la y odio, al racismo, al NO decimos le juntos cuando país mejor un es Unidos Estados inhustisya. at poot, pagka-mapanlahi, sa lalaban magkakaisang tayo’y kung Amerika ang dakila Mas @pikittakbo: RT है। जाता बन राष्ट्र बेहतर एक अमेरिका हैं, करते इनकार से कट्टर्ता और नफरत जातिवाद, मिलकर साथ हम जब poster. my of translations these on campaign @BernieSanders with work to Honoured @Aled: RT الأعمى والتعصب والكراهية العنصرية الى لا ونقول معاً نقف نحن عندما وطن أحسن يصبح أمريكا movement. our is This alone. this do can’t He one: day since it said has Bernie @funkinatrix: RT Bernie: for caucus to commit Nevada, 当我们站在一起，反对种族歧视，仇恨，和偏执，美国将更伟大. America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our htt… democracy in engagement increasing and bringing about @'s about isn't election This @People4Bernie: RT Saturday. on Democracy your back Take counts. vote every Nevada, @jaytheking: RT nada. nosotros para todo, todos Para @josefmtz: RT enough. is enough saying, and up standing people of millions — revolution political a about is campaign This accomplish. can we what to limit no is there revolution, political a build we if together, stand we If hơn. kết đoàn và mạnh hùng nên trở sẽ Mỹ tộc, chủng thị kì và hằn thù sự với không nói ta Khi hearing. we're rhetoric anti-Muslim the condemn and together stand we which in nation a build and bigotry end to time It's hotline: our Call issues? or Questions revolution. political the to Welcome here: location caucus your up Look Nevada, you? about How platform. justice racial best the with candidate a want Nicholas @Bernlennials: RT http… canvass. to office Vegas Las East Sanders' on converged parents, undocumented their by brought were who Dreamers 200 @ErikaAndiola: RT 82623! to CAUCUS texting by location caucus your Find Nevada! win us Help Nevada? in caucus to eligible you're if Wondering 11AM. at tomorrow Caucus alone. this do can't Bernie Nevada, ht… bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America @BSandersBrigade: RT accomplish. can't we nothing there's back, fight to prepared are and together, stand people When Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want immigrants." to friends exactly weren’t office, in were they when Clintons, "The ICYMI: @WSJ via Over Isn't Crisis Housing The Ad: New Sanders's Bernie of Message @ErikaAndiola: RT worker. American the for disaster a been have They NAFTA. like agreements trade bad rewrite must We society. our to threat serious a pose not do who Americans young non-violent of incarceration over the end must We week. a hours 40 than more work women working of 66% and men working of 85% Today, @BernieSanders of wife Sanders, Jane us Joining @Morning_Joe: RT benefits. full with there right was Security Social but plans, pension benefit ending by dreams retirement of millions cut Corporations delay. without and time on – American eligible every to owed nickel every paid has Security Social bad, and times good Through https://… Politics rally @berniesanders' at here speeches up wrapped just Swank Heidi and @LucyFlores Supporters @PatrickWalker: RT … C-SPAN on shortly LIVE – NV Henderson, in Rally Campaign .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT https:/… Sanders Bernie is Side South on protest 1963 at arrested man of photo confirms Campaign @chicagotribune: RT Nevada: in caucus tomorrow's before rally Henderson the at speaking Bernie to live in Tune tomorrow! history of bit little a make to going are we that feeling a have I Nevada, change! real want They people. the of pain the to listening are we because momentum gaining is campaign This … $15 to to wants he says @BernieSanders When @NicoleCharky: RT forward! revolution political the move us help please Nevada, deserve. they respect the receives and earned have they benefits and care health the receives veteran every where country a in live can We making. the in history Join win. can we turnout, voter large a is there If 11am. by location caucus your to Get caucus. we today Nevada: … how: Here's today! caucus to need You Nevadans🚸 Young 📚 schools Our 🌎 environment The about: care you If @nvdems: RT hotline: our Call today? caucusing about issues or Questions caucus. Go California. to Maine from Washington, to Street Wall from echo will that message a send can we Together, here: location caucus your up Look 11am. at today caucus go Nevada, US. about is campaign This me. about isn’t campaign This now. over head and location caucus your find to 82623 to CAUCUS Text Bernie. for caucus and out head to time enough just got you've Nevada, now. location caucus your to Get caucus. the to way their on are supporters Bernie fellow of thousands of Tens 702-778-4336. Call issues? Any vote. to register to or caucus to ID need don't You LEAVE! NOT DO caucus, to line in you're If this! do let's Nevada, time It's @SusanSarandon: RT Bernie! for caucus to ready School High Wester at folks excited of lots and turnout Amazing @RaniaBatrice: RT heard! voice your make and line in Stay ? for line In @nvdems: RT 702-778-4336 al Llama pregunta? ¿Cualquier registrarte. para ID necesitas No VAYAS! TE ¡NO caucus, del línea la en estás Si https://… me" like people about "cares @BernieSanders think in voters of 79% polls: Ent. @CBSNLive: RT forward. go we as us give will support their that boost the and us given have they support the for Nevada of people the thank to want I election. close very a in up ended we and behind points 25 were we ago weeks Five ran. we campaign the of proud very am I Tuesday. Super into head we as back our at wind the have We process. political the into people young and working many brought we that Proud C-SPAN on LIVE - Speech Night .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT https… process" political the into people young and people working bringing are "We .@BernieSanders @CNNPolitics: RT https://t… Hispanics: among @HillaryClinton leading currently @BernieSanders IN: JUST @CBSPolitics: RT myth. a is voters Latino with firewall Clinton's Hillary is today learned we What @ACarmona8: RT hostility. and division promote to issues these use not America, in immigration like problems solve to need We Clinton on says @BernieSanders PAC" Super her of because outspending be will "She @meetthepress: RT decide. states let and substances controlled of list federal the off marijuana take to time is It millions. harmed behavior illegal whose execs Street Wall to happens Nothing crimes. minor other or marijuana possessing for jailed are Kids big dream should they room tells @BernieSanders introduces Jealous Ben @maryaliceparks: RT . our joining for @BernieSanders to welcome, warm and you, thank big A @DemsAbroad: RT . reform to proposal Harbor Safe Country Safe the supports he that states Sanders Senator @DemsAbroad: RT communities. our of diversity the reflect that forces police need We again. economy our crash can’t they so Street Wall in rein will I president, elected If straightforward: is today you to message My today. welcome warm the for congregation your and Jackson Charles Rev. you Thank … Carolina South in supper church Sunday a to visit surprise a makes .@BernieSanders @CNNPolitics: RT … C-SPAN on ET 5pm AT LIVE - SC Greenville, in Rally Campaign .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT servants" indentured college of out come "They .@BenJealous @mcbyrne: RT … history." American make to opportunity the has Carolina South Saturday, "On Greenville: in .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT https:/… moment!" this in here right history our make "we @BernieSanders: for crowd up warms Glover Danny SC, Greenville In @nancycordes: RT about. be to supposed is country this what not is bigotry and sexism, Racism, margins. the at tinkering by that get gonna not we're And change. real need We enough. not is quo status the reality: the Here's us. Not Street. Wall and billionaires from checks with campaigns their funding are opponents Our him. at looking you’re Trump, Donald defeat to going who’s candidate a want you If us: Join strong. going calls kept volunteers Greenville, downtown in rallied Bernie While contributors. campaign their than planet our of future the and grandkids their about more worry should Republicans @realDonaldTrump. beating than pleasure greater me give would that nothing be would There @mrdannyglover with breakfast prayer SC Sumter the at stop a makes @BernieSanders NOW: HAPPENING @AneesaSM: RT - live Watch Glover. Danny actor with SC in campaigning .@BernieSanders @maryaliceparks: RT movement! the build Lets builder! movement a is @BernieSanders @BenJealous: RT accomplish. can't we nothing is there together, stand we when that understand We together. people bringing about is campaign This Street. Wall to speeches paid her releasing into" "look would she said @HillaryClinton since minutes 32 and hours 16 days, 17 been It's … positions/language. his of more and more adopted has @HillaryClinton delighted he's says .@BernieSanders @alisonkingNECN: RT Boston in conference press holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @CBSNLive: RT Nevada. in vote Latino the won Sanders @WCVI: from analysis New @BernieSanders for voters SC up firing says, Glover Danny door, every on knock could I wish I @lesleyclark: RT all. for opportunity and hope of nation a in live to turn everyone's it’s because but turn, my it’s because president for running not I’m more. or 7,000 About @BernieSanders for Amherst @UMass at crowd Big @alisonkingNECN: RT us." in believes he because @BernieSanders in believe "I | Home Our @SusanSarandon: RT Amherst UMass at rally holds Sanders Bernie live: Watch @BostonGlobe: RT live: Watch Amherst. UMass at says Sanders power," enormous has room this in person "Every @BostonGlobe: RT him." support people more the consistency, his and for stands he what Bernie, know to get people more "The … Nada!" corporations. from money no takes "Bernie ad. radio Carolina South in @BernieSanders endorses Lee Spike @Sam_Frizell: RT him. at looking you’re Trump, Donald defeat to going is who candidate a want you If doctor. a to go to money the finding about worry to have shouldn't you sick, you're When doors. closed behind Pharma Big and Street Wall told she what know to deserve Voters @HillaryClinton - it." into look certainly will "I that. for him thank I and justice economic racial for fight the in status celebrity his used has .@MrDannyGlover Virginia Norfolk, in rally campaign holds @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @shiftmsnbc: RT country. this in right a be would free tuition university public a to going that means socialism Democratic @SpikeLee - flopping." no flipping, No thing. right the do will he House, White the to gets Bernie "When percent sanders: sen. percent clinton: secretary fundraising: dollar small from raised @cascamike: RT equality. of promise the realizes orientation, sexual their matter no person, every where nation a in live can We today. education on conversation a for Carolina South Columbia, in Sanders Jane Join us. underestimate Don't impossible. was said establishment political the what accomplishing are We income. of regardless Americans, all for care provide would that plan only the is plan care health Our up. bottom the from comes always It down. on top the from comes never change Real principle: simple very a upon based is campaign This https://t… living. healthy for essential are and beings human as development our to essential are arts The @janeosanders: RT CNNgo: Watch . in first up is .@BernieSanders @cnnbrk: RT reform. police be to has piece first the and century 21st the of issue rights civil the be must reform justice Criminal skin." my of color the with do to has it Maybe certificate. birth my for asked has one No Poland. from is father "My percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as almost own percent one of one-tenth top the that absurd is It share. fair their pay wealthy the and corporations large demand gonna are we veterans, and children seniors, for programs cutting of Instead @BernieSanders — country.” this in change real make can we up stand us of millions when together and me for vote say " @cascamike: RT Street. Wall Not to. indebted I'm who That's piece. a bucks 27 them, of 1,000,000 over donors, campaign small on relying is campaign This much. very very, doing enjoy would I something is industry tobacco the on Taking él? por luchar para listo ¿Estás tener? quieres país de tipo ¿Qué … @BernieSanders. says economics," establishment politics, establishment for view my in late too is "It @postandcourier: RT https://… truth." the that's but happen, things crazy campaign a of midst the "In Clinton: respects he says .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT that? than better we Aren’t speeches. Street Wall her of disclosure for standard the set should Republicans believes .@HillaryClinton believe. Democrats what is This @TheDemocrats: RT @BernieSanders a apoyo en Colorado de residentes y Legisladores @ErikaAndiola: RT : will he believes @BernieSanders, endorses .@SpikeLee @VibeMagazine: RT It… primary. the for town of out be I'll since Illinois in absentee vote to how find to used Just @schneidmaster: RT https:/… movement" rights civil the in began life political "His manager: campaign .@BernieSanders' @CNNPolitics: RT color. of people its of value the affirms that nation a into America transform that policies pursue must We https://t… all." at much terribly about talked poverty word the hear don't I senator. States United a "I'm .@BernieSanders: @evanmcmurry: RT people. vulnerable most the treats it how by but produces it billionaires of number the by not country a judge We poverty. of out bite huge a take you right, a as care health guarantee we When earth. on country developed major any of rate poverty childhood highest the has States United the shamefully, Today, that. change gonna we're and wrong is This Carolina. South in here right is country the in rates poverty childhood highest the of One nation. united a As nation. one As together. standing By today? America in poverty childhood end will we How behind. million 29 leave won't I ALL. for right a be must care health that clear it make and industry insurance and drug the on take will We change. transformative is need we what when change incremental accept to have we believe to conditioned been We've @janeosanders: RT reminder. a Just tonight. 5PM by ​online register to Visit primary! the in vote to register to chance last your is today Vermont, tax. fair reasonable a paying without families their to wealth their of all virtually leave can families billionaire that unacceptable It's here: live Watch Missourians. to important issues of range wide a discuss to Missouri City, Kansas in be to Excited people. more and more up locking and jails more and more building than rather training, job and jobs in invest to need We accomplish. can't we nothing is there revolution, political a build we if together, stand we If class. middle the about worry to contributors campaign wealthy of interests the representing busy too is Washington https://t.… Chicago of Univ. the from live @BernieSanders w/ tomorrow returns The back! It's @hardball: RT change. climate combat to responsibility moral a have We @LCVoters. from score perfect a received have to proud I'm not. does us of One Street. Wall from dollars of millions many receives which pac super a has candidate One pac. super a have not do I agree. not does candidate Another up. broken be to need and powerful and big too are Street Wall on banks of handful a that believe I Oklahoma. Tulsa, in Center Guthrie Woody the discovers Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT Tulsa: in Sanders of ahead speaking now @ConnieJ4OK Senator State Former @OKCFOX: RT grandchildren. our for habitable and healthy is that Earth Mother a on passing than important more is Nothing information. location polling your find to 82623 to SC text @mcbyrne: RT life. working-class of reality the to spoke songs His history. in musicians greatest the of one is Guthrie Woody https://t.… is resonating is message Bernie's | latin@s w/ talking &amp; Dallas in doors knocking day Great @DREAMerJ_D: RT @detroitnews via on forum community for today Flint to headed .@BernieSanders @ChadLivengood: RT accountable. held be must officer police that - official public other any like - law the breaks officer police a When … trenches the in been who've People list. good @BernieSanders for environmentalists of list new The @billmckibben: RT … here: online ET 10:30am at LIVE – Ohio Berea, in campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT https://t.… now. right rock to ready sounds County Cuyahoga in crowd @BernieSanders This 15. March until vote doesn't Ohio @MegKinnardAP: RT changed. fundamentally be to needs it and democracy undermining is it corrupt, is the in system finance campaign the clear: be us Let country. this in people vulnerable most and weakest the of some after go to was view, my in did, reform welfare What https:… infrastructure crisis, water on forum @BernieSanders for setting intimate more rallies, large several After @MegKinnardAP: RT here: live Watch forum. community a in participating now right Michigan, Flint, in is Bernie https://t.… tested. being it's how use, water about concerns @BernieSanders to explaining residents many the of One @MegKinnardAP: RT Act. Care Affordable the through insurance health get to able be should families, their and workers undocumented including immigrants, All stress. enormous under and underpaid, overworked, They're wages. lower for hours longer working are Americans of Millions Orangeburg. in now right happening Bank Phone Action of Day National our at @KillerMike activist and rapper Join it." into look will "I said she since 20 Day transcripts. Street Wall her release should @HillaryClinton agrees: NYT pro-Clinton? seem pundits the of most how notice Ever lands." our on built being pipelines these oppose that territories Indian with stand will who politicians need "We children. our poisoning are we America, of States United the in 2016, year the in that comprehension my beyond is It … Sanders Bernie on Stipe -Michael sense." makes who mind, his speaks who candidate a have to refreshing "It's @RollingStone: RT priorities? our are Where America? in on going is What cuts. with threatened being is university great This Chicago in speech raucous during Clinton on unloads Sanders @WPJohnWagner: RT close. to benefits decent and wages decent earning were workers where America in factories 60,000 caused policies trade bad 2001, Since movement. union trade American the strengthen we unless grow not will class middle the that believe I record. voting pro-union 98% a have I … action specific demanding he's talking just not he's - @BernieSanders respect I why is This @ErinBrockovich: RT us! Join University. Claflin at be we'll Today, voters. bank phone to SC in students joined @KillerMike night, Last jobs. decent-paying million 13 create could infrastructure in investment trillion $1 A Hibbing. in soon speaking @SenSanders LIVE: WATCH @kare11: RT accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together, stand people the When Sanders and Clinton between difference the explains Wal-Mart how Here's @business: RT president: for campaign our supporting is he why on Glover Danny activist and Actor voters. to talk to Columbia, in Shop Barber Stroy's visiting Turner Nina and Mike Killer Univision - injustas deportaciones las detendrá Sanders Grijalva: Raúl ICYMI: @ErikaAndiola: RT at president for campaign our Join future. the to path new a for ready is America believe I here: yours Change Bernie! for vote to Democrat to affiliation party your change to deadline the is Today — Delaware abroad. and the in workers protecting trade fair have should we trade, free unfettered having of instead idea: radical a have I minutes 6 hours 19 days 21 it." into look certainly will "I Carolina! South in rally Orangeburg our at introduction @NinaTurner's catch to now in Tune polluters. before people putting proposes and fracking, on takes ad @BernieSanders New @kartpath: RT @Claflin… students to equality voting talks King"-@BernieSanders Luther Martin w/Dr. Washington on March the for there was "I @ReneeWPTZ: RT PACs. super through elections buying billionaires not -- vote one person, one means democracy people, American the of majority vast the To here: location polling your up Look tomorrow? vote to ready you are Carolina, South them! firing not educators, hiring be should We America? in on going is What leave. vacation paid and time sick paid leave, family paid to access has country this in worker every that ensure to time It's … the not many, the for America reclaim to movement a leading He's States. United the of president for Sanders Bernie endorse I @RBReich: RT for up it wraps @BernieSanders - all." you Thank revolution. political the to "Welcome @MegKinnardAP: RT benefits. immigration for fees application reduce to resources appropriate to Congress for time past well is It http… Colorado! in max the to banking phone volunteers great w/ along supporters celebrity Amazing @_Julio_Caesar: RT 1988: in President for Jackson Jessie for voted he says .@BernieSanders @BET: RT 7pm. to 7am from open are Polls revolution. political our for vote to turn your It’s — Carolina South Bernie? for vote to location polling your up look to Need — Carolina South today. vote and out come to you urge I months. nine last the in here way long a come have we Carolina: South @statesman @circuitamericas. stage the to @BernieSanders welcomes crowd @laura_skelding: RT @cota at soon speak to @berniesanders WATCH: @KXAN_News: RT launch. canvass afternoon the for office Columbia, our by stopped Turner Nina and Mike Killer people 10,000 over just rally Tx Austin @BernieSanders for count crowd Official @maryaliceparks: RT it! miss Don't . the following tomorrow on be will .@BernieSanders @FaceTheNation: RT vote. and out come and family and friends your Grab establishment. political the shock will Carolina South across today showing strong A vote! and out Get 7 to open are Polls NOW. right Bernie for vote go to you wants Mike Killer Texas Prairie, Grand in rally Sanders's Bernie at backstage from view The @WPJohnWagner: RT location! polling your find to 82623 to SC Text today? Bernie for vote to where know you Do enough." is disclosure much how decides who — candidate the not — public the is "It beginning. just is campaign This supporters. grassroots our for grateful and ran we campaign the of proud very am I end. to injustice this for time It's Tun… . upcoming and night's last discuss to on morning this us join will @berniesanders Sen @FaceTheNation: RT deserve. and earned have they benefit every receive veterans all that ensure and wounded the for provide to obligation moral a have We … @BernieSanders of endorsement and Chair Vice DNC as resignation her announced just @TulsiGabbard : on BREAKING @meetthepress: RT … @BernieSanders. support to Chair Vice DNC as position from resigned @TulsiGabbard : on EXCLUSIVE @meetthepress: RT https://t… why: Here's Commander-in-Chief. and President next our be to @BernieSanders endorsed &amp; DNC the from resigned I @TulsiGabbard: RT endorsement. her have to honored am I war. of cost the understands @TulsiGabbard Rep. War, Iraq the of veteran a As overlooked. millions leave we Yet world. the in nation advanced other any than person per care health on more spends The @BernieSanders for doors and Phones @joecaiazzo: RT win! us Help campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling KKK. the condemn to refuses who hatemonger a by succeeded be not will and cannot president black first America's Republicans. beat to chance best our is Bernie House, White the in Democrat a want we If GOP. the trumps Bernie Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want … here: post FB my - else! someone that's Wait, younger my in Me @BenFolds: RT jail! in people most the with country the not world, the in population educated best the with country the as known be should America … ! &amp; out Get fractivists! all Calling President! for @BernieSanders endorse officially I @joshfoxfilm: RT https:… speech." good damn pretty a be "must speech, a for $200,000 get you If speeches: Clinton's on @BernieSanders WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT you. about is campaign This Trump. Donald or Clinton, Hillary Sanders, Bernie about not is campaign This enough." is "enough saying and up standing people of millions — revolution political a about is campaign This Collins. Fort in @coloradostateu at roar a to stage the takes .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT country" this in Americans native the for better much do must and can "We .@BernieSanders: @maryaliceparks: RT change. to got has that and globally doing we’re what is That life. destroy you nature destroy you if that know Americans Native movement. grassroots strong a through together it do gotta We've alone. this do can’t Sanders Bernie @JaneOSanders. adviser trusted most my with road the On nation. our facing issues the on discussion a for @TJMShow the to now in Tune country. this in change real for desire people's American the into taps which movement grassroots unprecedented an creating are We deadline. FEC tonight's before February in million $40 raising of goal our hit us help and contribution $ a Make All for Medicare on Straight Record the Set Students Medical and Physicians 560 … States. United the of President for nominee Democratic our be to @BernieSanders endorse hereby I @AlanGrayson: RT endorsement! your for @AlanGrayson you Thank in: Chip Tuesday. Super before deadline FEC final the campaign: our of days important most the of one is Today about. talking is campaign our what exactly is This @ElizabethForMA. by article Great House. White the win to Vote … tomorrow. Democracy your back Take counts! vote every territories, and states Tuesday Super the all To @SusanSarandon: RT https://… &gt; Sign-up does! @BernieSanders Only Cruz? Rubio, Trump, beats Who @rbecker51: RT need. we what for up stand to willing someone need We @williamecurley: RT hate. trumps love and selfishness trumps community divisiveness, trumps togetherness because win We'll counts. dollar Every it! do can We @BernieTampaBay: RT executives. Sachs Goldman by around thrown money of amount any beat can we together, come people When #… on it Use states. Tuesday Super in Bernie like who people contact you lets with "Facebanking" @feelthebernorg: RT out come to people two got and hour an for phone-banked Just @apocolipsefg: RT h… TOMORROW! Vote and TODAY: Contribute Share!! &amp; RT @IamNickGonzalez: RT MA western in @BernieSanders for doors the for up geared Getting @joecaiazzo: RT https://… power. in people the than stronger is people the of power The @People4Bernie: RT President. for nominee Democratic the for vote to chance the have will states 11 in voters Tomorrow, America. change we that do we When democracy. American revitalize to is task important most Our htt… state: your in for vote to how tomorrow—find do to what Know ! is Today @Latinos4Bernie: RT tomorrow. history make us Let https://t… bigotry. and hatred, racism, to no say and together stand we when nation greater a becomes America @GatorsEite23: RT us: Join struggle. a always is It easy. never is justice social for Fighting November in GOP the beating at chance best our is @BernieSanders FACT: @Bernlennials: RT on tomorrow BERNIE VOTE @weslata: RT … -ers for action to call personal a made just .@BernieSanders @abowersock: RT all. it have can't You class: billionaire the to message a send to deadline tonight's before Contribute ” deck. on hands all need We ! It's @Frances_Fisher: RT @B… @Women4Bernie country. this in provided is healthcare how in revolution a need We @ZooeyBuddy: RT Donate: money. its taking by system corrupt a change can't you is truth The election. the after day the support your for asking I'm vote. your for asking just not I'm https:… GOP. the beat to chance best our is Bernie House, White the in Democrat a want we If @Colleges4Bernie: RT in: Chip way. different a fundraise We PAC. super large very a has opponent My Bernie! support to Proud @Merrifield_SD11: RT it. read to wait can’t I speech. good damned pretty a be must it speech a for $200,000 paid get gonna you’re if think I counts. vote Every matters. Bernie for vote Your Win. to Vote Minnesota @Indies4Bernie: RT … this get &amp; on &gt;$15 Donate at $27 gave Just @4lifeHassan: RT now: right out it check go page, Facebook official our liked haven't you If Bernie: for Midwest win. always will we together, stand we when that understand us Let LIVE: in Tune MA. Milton, in rally our for stage the take to About percent. 1 top the just not and us of all for works that government a create gonna We're idea? radical a hear Wanna for@BernieSanders time big Bern the feeling is Massachusetts @joecaiazzo: RT St. Wall from millions collects PAC super your if America in change real about bring you how sure quite not I'm https://t… going! us keep to donate @BernieSanders everyone. going revolution this keep let's it. do can Bernie @jhutch1992: RT … endorsements Detroit up picks Sanders Bernie @KellySewRad: RT campaign. people’s a is This PAC. super a NEED don't we and PAC super a want don't PAC, super a have don't We clear: be me Let https:… Watch: says. Sanders two," or week a in work to back go to forced be should gives who America in woman "No @BostonGlobe: RT … @BernieSanders. for support pledge &amp; politics in $ to end an for call hilariously @benjaminokeefe &amp; .@gabymhoffmann @MoveOn: RT million. $45 reach us Help month. the for million $40 raising of goal our crushed You hate. trumps love know we Because badly. him beat will we @realDonaldTrump, beat we will only Not future. a have can people young where lives meaningful more building be to need we prisons, more building of Instead on voting @BernieSanders now: Happening @Morning_Joe: RT possible. is anything , we when that know We heard. voice your make and today polls the to up show you hope I Trump! Beat Can Bernie Only Why? @BernieSanders! 4 Vote Voters! Hey @BenJealous: RT … office! 2016 Bernie nearest your to head polls, the to rides give can and State a in you're If @GRForSanders: RT vote you before this at peak a Take @joecaiazzo: RT house: white the of out republican a keep to have we chance best the is .@BernieSanders @cascamike: RT @BernieSanders. - hatred." trumps love that know we because [Trump], defeat will "We @GMA: RT place? polling your find to Need vote. and out Go day. your is VT—Today and VA, TX, TN, OK, MN, MA, GA, CO, AR, AL, … tool! tracking official Bernie's ! using know us Let ? on @BernieSanders for Voted @GRForSanders: RT … real the been has @BernieSanders . warming, global slowing of hope a with voting you're if is, say can I All @billmckibben: RT @DemsAbroad Thanks ! in @BernieSanders for voted Just @nelly_beans: RT vote. Go division. reject we and together come people when high, is turnout voter when win Democrats … state! a in live you if vote Go ? be to @BernieSanders Want @WorkingFamilies: RT today. vote go Please together. people bringing is about is campaign this What https:/… office in day first on land federal on moratorium fuel fossil impose not would backtracks, @HillaryClinton BREAKING: @350action: RT vote don't you if unelectable only He's @justinlong: RT matters. vote Your grumble. no vote, no : in say we As @TulsiGabbard: RT VOTE… GO future. our For change. a make to ready is and truth the speaks who Someone in. believe I someone is @BernieSanders @jhutch1992: RT movement. your is This about. is campaign this what That's few. wealthy a just not us, of all to belongs government This … @BernieSanders. por votar a hoy sal favor Por gente. la a unir es campaña esta de propósito El @icaito: RT image! this share and or Use ? on Bernie for caucusing or Voting electoral? distrito tu encontrar ¿Necesitas votar. a Sal día. tu es VT—Hoy y VA, TX, TN, OK, MN, MA, GA, CO, AR, AL, vot… go now on voting about know to need you everything you tell will website This @ArabsForBernie: RT … plan! a make and eligible you're sure Make tonight? caucus to ready you Are @coloradodems: RT nationality. or religion by divided be to ourselves allowing Not together. standing about is America https:/… Bernie! for caucus and out Get @BernieSanders. support Coloradans @Dulce__Saenz: RT precincts. your from turnout and caucuses your from counts delegate report vote, you When today! help your need We Vermont. from Yorker New Jewish the probably so non-starters, are torture &amp; wealth, walls, him To for? vote Jesus would Who @neiltyson: RT billionaires. the just not us, of all to belongs country this clearly: and loudly say you'll today, voting By https://t.… : win us Help do! can you things impact highest of one is Phonebanking @TexasForBernie: RT https:/… VOTE! and out get to NEED YOU But again! US the make to wants he Bernie, en creen no que mocosos los Para @georgelopez: RT day: the of shift final the with help to states in voters Bernie Call vote! the Amplify information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text vote! and out Get revolution? political a for Ready Bernie. for Vote change? real Want … Vermont in Bernie Supporting roll) (drum Ben&amp;Jerry's - Greenfield Jerry With @BenFolds: RT information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text states! in vote and out get to time have still You democracy. practice and line in stay vote, to line in you’re If matters. vote Your matters. voice Your — corruptas campañas las con acabar a vamos Unidos Estados En @BernieSanders: 📺 @CNNEE: RT … system!" finance campaign corrupt a end to going are "We - @BernieSanders LIVE: @wsbtv: RT https:… política. revolución una lograr campaña: de objetivo su reitera @BernieSanders demócrata candidato El @UniPolitica: RT Oklahoma! you, Thank Colorado! revolution, political the to Welcome Minnesota. in off it pulled who organizers and volunteers our of all to you Thank Vermont. and Minnesota Colorado, Oklahoma, you, Thank effort. grassroots strong a through elections win You Jr. King Luther Martin Rev. - poor." the for individualism rugged rich, the for socialism has country "This right. constitutional woman’s a as abortion legal and safe a to access reaffirm must Court Supreme The you Thank win: us help to Volunteer win. can people the believe I end, the In people. the have we but money, the have They polluters. before people puts and billionaires fuel fossil the on takes that revolution political a for time It’s https:… lunch. Faith&amp;Justice NC the at @BernieSanders on @ninaturner " soul heart, call to like I what has "He @RaniaBatrice: RT killed. or beaten arrested, falsely being of fear without live can women and men black young where nation a want We here: live Maine, Portland, in rally our Watch poverty. about talk gonna I'm right damn earth—you’re on country major any nearly of poverty childhood highest the have We https… Turnout Caucus Dem Massive in Colorado in Victory to Surge Sanders Bernie Helps Vote Latino @democracynow: RT combined. population American the of half bottom the than wealth more own now people wealthiest 20 America’s calls. phone with turnout and identify we supporters Bernie many how on depend will states upcoming in outcome The wins? who Guess other. the against run to want both I and He something. on agree I and .@realDonaldTrump income. their of regardless need they care health the access to able be should country our in child and woman man, Every agree. Americans of millions that is showing is campaign this what And class. billionaire the of agenda the in believe don’t I @l4nguye… @ClemBalanoff @CWALarry Plant Nabisco at Jobs Save to Battle Joins Campaign .@BernieSanders @rbecker51: RT change. must and unacceptable That’s US. the of most than Internet faster much to access have Romania Bucharest, in living people Today, world. the of rest the with business do and connected be to America rural for crucial It’s luxury. a longer no is access Internet High-speed Univ. State Michigan at supporters 10,000 of crowd a to speaking .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT up. ground the from revolution political a create to ready is Michigan like Looks balance. the in hanging economy American the with speculation more need don't We economy. job-creating the in invest that banks need We right. be would he And up. 'em break say would He banks? huge our about say would he what know you do today, alive were Roosevelt Teddy If nation. major other every nearly than poverty child more have also We nation. other any than country this in billionaires more have We here: live in Tune Michigan. in deals trade job-killing on conference press now: Happening city. big poorest the is it Today, Detroit. was America in city wealthiest the 1960, In … corporations" for corporations, by "written were says he agreements trade knocking .@BernieSanders @jonathanoosting: RT hour? an $ of wage poverty a pay now – class middle the to ticket a once were that jobs – jobs manufacturing 600K that happen it did How countries. low-wage in not America, and Michigan in jobs create to investing start must Corporations change. must policy trade Our Volunteer: ahead. states the in win and organize, fight, to ready be to have we primary, this win to going are we If policies. trade free Clinton's Hillary of cost real the know Detroit of people The so. think don’t I big. too thinking and looking am I that think people establishment the of many and Clinton Sec. that know I not. did @HillaryClinton deal, bad that opposed I NAFTA. to due jobs their lost Michiganders 43,000 … say members Organization's President for Sanders Endorses Bern,’ the ‘Feels Action People’s Kansas @KPApower: RT https://t… live: it watch attend, can't you If Sanders. Sen. for waiting crowd anxious An full. completely is Center Lied The @1011_News: RT Nebraska. Lincoln, in rally today's at crowd overflow the to speaks Bernie jails. running of business the of out corporations get and up people locking year a billion $80 spending stop we about How bankrupt. morally are consensus, scientific overwhelming an despite real, is change climate deny who Politicians politicians. the not scientists, the to listen Let’s idea. radical a is Here today.… here be not might we day, that shown hadn't people 10 If votes. 10 by mayor elected was Bernie today, ago years 35 @janeosanders: RT manner. unconstitutional an in operating and control of out is NSA the view, my In public. in breastfeeding for women stigmatize never should we society, a As real. is change climate clear: is science the and science, the to listen you unless policy public real create don’t You @joshbhaskell via KS; Lawrence, in haircut a gets .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT it. support to back flip she’ll elected if because worried not he’s saying in right was Donohue Tom like Looks brothers. and sisters fighting, Keep up. bottom the from happens Change jobs. Michigan killed deals trade Bad changed? What 1960. in capita per America in city richest the was Detroit but it, know people many Not https://t… marzo. de 9 del el para prepárate y aquí pregunta tu Compártenos @BernieSanders? a preguntarías le ¿Qué @Univision: RT here: Kansas Lawrence, in Rally In Believe to Future the at live Bernie Watch equity. pay for fight the in sisters our with stand must we Brothers, Street. Wall to dollars of thousands of hundreds for speeches give not do I and Pharma Big from dollars of millions receive not do I debt? in dollars thousand 50 or 40 30, with college leave to have I do yourself: Ask small. not big, Think that! change gonna We're transgender. being for housing someone deny or gay being for someone fire to legal it's states, many In calls. phone with turnout and identify we supporters many how on depends states upcoming in Outcome about. is campaign this what is that and — change real — change want they because campaign this in involved becoming are People elections. buying billionaires not families, working and Americans middle-class by supported movement grassroots strong a is campaign Our Lawrence! in rally a for friends his of 4,200 joins @BernieSanders haircut, the After @kartpath: RT Bernie. for states upcoming losing or winning between difference the mean could work Your child. and woman man, every to right a as care health provide and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The Edwardsville: in @BernieSanders for crowd Big @jrosenbaum: RT Truman. and FDR to back going presidents Democratic by US the in supported been has that idea an is care health Universal affordability. college including issues of range wide a discuss will he where IL Edwardsville, in live Bernie Watch heard. voices their make can Americans all that so automatically vote to registered be must 18 over Everyone people. vulnerable most its treats it how by but produces it millionaires of number the by not country a judge We … outsourcing on India in appearance TV Clinton’s with fodder finds campaign Sanders @WPJohnWagner: RT need. they that education early quality the receiving not are country this in children of Millions society. Orwellian an toward moving from us prevent to can I that all do to continue will and Act Patriot USA the against voted I h… count! delegate with helps vote single Every Bernie! for 7am-8pm | 5 March Saturday, Primary Louisiana 🇺🇸 @LouisianaBernie: RT heard. voice your Make tomorrow! turn your it's Nebraska: and Kansas Louisiana, Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want ago. months government their from help needed who Flint in families of thousands the to insult an What https://… @HillaryClinton , @BernieSanders Dems): ( Poll Online .@BoldNebraska @BoldNebraska: RT TOMORROW @BernieSanders for ! @MoveOn: RT taxes. of share fair their paying start corporations large and wealthy very the that demands which reform tax real need We tragedy. unspeakable an is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can males black 3 in 1 Today, ET. 12p and 9a at in Tune Sunday. this on be will @BernieSanders in debates he Before @CNNSotu: RT leave. paid and wage min. $15/hr a to step first the taking for @Raise_Up_WA to Congrats wage. living a to wage minimum the raise must We video new in us" of one is Sanders "Bernie why explain Nash Graham Watch @RollingStone: RT now. by saved been have would it bank a were environment the If https:… large V Substitute: anymore." word that use can't "I Then: crowds. YUGE his abt talks @BernieSanders MI in 4,755 To @kylieatwood: RT Michigan. in campaigns @BernieSanders now: live Watch @WTKR3: RT News! American Arab the of endorsement the have to honored is in campaign .@BernieSanders @rbecker51: RT up. us divide to world the of Trumps Donald the allow not will We together. people bring to continue will We TOMORROW @BernieSanders for ! @MoveOn: RT jobs. decent-paying of millions of loss the to led have which agreements trade disastrous opposed have I tuition-free. universities and colleges public make to need We 12th. through grade 1st just not is it education, public about talk we When caucus: or vote and out Go day. your is Nebraska—Today and Louisiana Kansas, location! caucus or polling your find to 82623 to VOTE Text today! caucus or vote NE—You and LA KS, me? join you Will elections. WINS Phonebanking @abowersock: RT America. corporate of afraid not and Street Wall of afraid not them, of afraid not I'm industry. fuel fossil the of hatred the welcome I image! this share and or Use today? NE or LA KS, in Bernie for caucusing or Voting precincts. your from turnout and caucuses your from counts delegate report vote, you When today! help your need We year. a $5,000 family middle-class average the save will plan Medicare-for-all A precincts. your from turnout and caucuses your from counts delegate report vote, you When today! help your need We resistance. fierce by met be must it suppress to effort the and America, in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The T… American African at @berniesanders says elected," I'm if forcibly and often poverty about speak will "I promise: Campaign @TVNewsLady: RT | in speaks @BernieSanders | LIVE WATCH @WEWS: RT digits. double by Rubio and Cruz both leading also is and percent 43 to percent 55 at Trump leads Bernie ICYMI: House! White the keep to today or say to Bernie for caucus or Vote https://… الثلاثاء يوم صوتوا . معا" متضامنين "فلنقف باسم ميشيجان ولاية في الإذاعة في العربية باللغة ساندرز" "بيرني حملة إعلان @rbecker51: RT soon! speaking be will Bernie where rally Michigan Warren, the to live in Tune it. read to wait can't I speech—Shakespearian. good a be must it speech a for $225k paid get gonna you're if think I welfare. government of off get and wage living a workers their pay to family Walton the for time It's excuses. no are There resign. and thing right the do should Snyder Governor think I win. we’d expected ever have would one no campaign, this started we When Kansas! you, Thank Nebraska! support, strong the for you Thank Philadelphia. in Convention National Democratic the to way the all us take will that excitement the and energy the momentum, the got We’ve Michigan. Flint, in tonight's of ahead to comes .@BernieSanders @ThisWeekABC: RT heard. voice your Make America. in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The today. vote you Maine: … results. election discuss to @GStephanopoulos joins @BernieSanders now: Live @ThisWeekABC: RT Flint: Detroit, for disastrous proved policies trade class working the to not but class," ruling the to fantasy be "may proposals My .@BernieSanders: @CNN: RT at location your from counts delegate report caucus, you When Maine! today, help your need We together. come people of millions unless done be to has what accomplish can president No us. of all about me—it's about not is campaign This … MI Flint, from Live Where: ✅ ET 8p at Tonight When: ✅ CNN What: ✅ @BernieSanders &amp; @HillaryClinton Who: ✅ @CNN: RT class. middle the decimated has economy Wal-Mart a to economy GM a from transformation radical America’s privilege. a not right, a as all to care health guarantee and nation industrialized major other every join to country our for time is It missed. dearly be will she and heart, good a had Reagan Nancy America. for day sad a is This location! your for 82623 to ME Text Bernie? for today caucus to where know you do Maine, Bank. Export-Import the through corporations multi-national to welfare corporate providing be shouldn't We underinsured. or uninsured still are million 50 more. do must we but things, great some done It's Act. Care Affordable the write helped I career. entire your for stood have you what about is It yesterday. said you what about not is campaign A conversation. the join and the Watch alone. it do can't I one: day since it said I've Flint. of people the help to action take must we importantly more but resign, must Michigan of governor The water. poisoned for bill water a pay should one No act. must government federal The poisoned. be not should America in Children resignation. Snyder's Gov. for calling in us joined finally has @HillaryClinton that glad We're Street. Wall or America Corporate not them, for works that government a create to people the trust will I day, the of end the At Flint? to water drinking clean provide to money enough not somehow but Iraq in war to go to money much so have we do How here: and live tonight's to in Tune @HillaryClinton cc: TPP. job-killing the oppose to last, the of one not first, the of one was Bernie 2008. in industry auto the of bailout the supported Sanders Bernie FACT: … banks: big to speeches 12 just from million $ made Clinton Hillary @the_intercept: RT … @BernieSanders: from one Here’s there. get to plan a need you is 100% to 90% from getting about thing The @kartpath: RT dollars? taxpayer our need they do Why taxes. income no pays often and year a dollars of billions making is Boeing family: her support to page GoFundMe her visiting consider father, Abigail’s from question this answers Bernie As admin… Clinton while bill, crime the of aspects punitive the opposed BS Sanders: &amp; WH Clinton between difference big a That's @RyanLizza: RT … 1994: of April in bill crime the of provisions incarceration mass the denouncing Sanders Bernie @BenJealous: RT 5… Today? here. jobs GM 80,000 have to used We Flint. in job single ONE save didn't bailout" "auto the that clue no has Hillary @MMFlint: RT … Chicago in arrested getting Sanders Bernie of story and picture The @reynoldsjessica: RT criminalidad" de problema un no salud, de asunto un es drogas las de problema "El : @TelemundoNews: RT No. A. fracking? support you Do Q. difference. Big does. @HillaryClinton fracking. support ever doesn't Bernie fiction. pure coal, clean like is fracking Safe fracking? support and around turn you can how Flint, in water clean about care you If in: Chip way. different a fundraise We PAC. super large very a has opponent my know all We https://… donors small from 70% raised Bernie donors. small from $ her of 17% raised donors―has her all about Hillary―boasting @kenvogel: RT http… to can you what donate Flint: of families and kids the help can we way Another @HillaryClinton: RT Maine! you, Thank primary. Democratic this winning towards way our on well are we that again once proved Tonight percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of percent 58 and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The Congress. regulate dollars of billions their and lobbyists its Street, Wall Street. Wall regulate doesn’t Congress that is reality The speeches Sachs Goldman for @HillaryClinton pressing @BernieSanders people!" American the with speech that "Share @tomlobianco: RT … GO! @JRJRmusic! and @nateruessmusic from music and Arbor Ann in TODAY rally @BernieSanders friends! Michigan @jonodiener: RT it." for voted even He bailout. auto the supporting as record the on actually is "Sanders @WashingtonPost: the From vote. to citizens senior and people low-income African-Americans, for harder it make to Republicans by efforts are there day this to But resistance. fierce by met be must it suppress to effort the and America, in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The Dearborn in @BernieSanders for line big Another @jonathanoosting: RT answer. Sanders' vs. fracking on answer Clinton's @nickconfessore: RT bailout. auto the on vote my mischaracterize to way her of out went @HillaryClinton night, Last correct. aren't just that things say you sometimes deals, trade bad supporting of record a defend to forced When issues. the about discussion serious a need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In … Being Sanders: from? come right that did where me, Excuse Baier: people. all of right a is care health believe I Sanders: @Sam_Frizell: RT debate. or hall town Democratic a at abortion about question first the ask to @FoxNews took It intentions. good for points extra get don’t You safe. less us made intervention 2011 the Libya, in ISIS with line: Bottom poverty. in live to has week a hours 40 working nobody ensures that America an creating about is movement Our bailout: Street Wall the against but bailout auto the for was Bernie Forbes: from is it Here @MMFlint: RT change. real for fight and up stand to begin Americans of millions if country this in things great accomplish can we that firmly believe I penalty. death the oppose I reason one That's it. to add should state the think don't just I today. world our in violence much so is There it. on depends planet our of future the because bold be to got We've change. climate combat to steps incremental take just can't We privilege. a not right, a be must care Health sick. get they if bankrupt go they'll that fear in live to have shouldn't Americans vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Mississippi and Michigan Congress. regulates that Street Wall it's fact in but Street, Wall regulates Congress think people Many it: report and number turnout precinct's your for worker poll a ask vote, you When today! help your need We today. vote go please Mississippi: and Michigan together. people bringing is about is campaign this What politicians. from interference without woman, any of right a is abortion an have to decision The back." sent be should "They 2014: of June in America Central from children refugee on Clinton Hillary 2014: of June in America Central from children refugee on Clinton Hillary votar! a amigos y familia tu a ¡Lleva movimiento. nuestro en participar para turno tu Llegó — Mississippi y Michigan participation. political without place take cannot Change information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text vote! and out Get revolution? political a for Ready ET. 6PM by ballot your Submit Primary. Global the in vote to chance last your is today abroad: supporters our To . moderators debate Democratic our that important so it's why is This leave. paid guarantee doesn't that country major only the being of embarrassment international the end must We image! this share and Use Mississippi? or Michigan in Bernie for Voting idea. radical a not it's — work equal for pay Equal workers. women for equity pay ensure must We at location polling your up Look OK! That's vote? to where sure not — Mississippi and Michigan cents. 55 just is women Latina for figure The earns. male white a dollar every for cents 60 just earn women African-American proud. all us make should This officials. elected all of duty the is brothers and sisters LGBTQ our for up Standing now: right live Miami in Bernie Watch accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together, stand people when history: from learn can we what is This hate. trumps always Love end. to got has it and sexism It’s men. than less significantly paid be should women why reason no is There heard. voice your make and line in Stay vote. to right a have you vote, to line in you’re if Michigan: good. so it had never have wealthy the devastation, economic from away paycheck one just are Americans of millions While Michigan. you, Thank won. we But behind. way were we said pollsters The out. us counted media corporate The politically. or economically morally, survive not will greed of kind that on based nation A class. billionaire the of religion the is Greed us. with agree people of millions that is showing are we What win. always doesn’t money big day the of end the At kids? serve that programs nutrition cuts but billionaires to breaks tax gives Congress when it is morality of kind What class. ruling the on take to and power, no have who those with stand to influence my used have I official, elected an been have I Since abortion. with politics play Don’t bill. this veto .@FLGovScott, that" of proud very I'm and Sachs Goldman to doors closed behind speeches give don't "I .@BernieSanders: @MSNBC: RT rich. the for breaks tax more Not people. its of care taking That's right. priorities its get gotta has history in country wealthiest The jazilan! shukran @BernieSanders, of behalf On @rbecker51: RT @Univision. en noche esta debate nuestro pierdan se No @Univision23: RT so. think don't I class? middle our from handouts for asking are overseas, jobs moving billions, making corporations Multinational it. to add shouldn't government the and world the in violence enough There's penalty. death the repeals Utah hope I America. transform to ready are they like me to seems It apathetic. are people young say people Some drugs. prescription for prices highest the pay We people. American the for hazard health a become has industry pharmaceutical The Street. Wall reward to teachers off lay and schools close shouldn't We teachers. Chicago with stand I . usando participa y en Míralo Miami. en del escenario al subir de punto a está Bernie . and here live in Tune Miami. in the for stage on walk to about is Bernie inevitable. so ain't candidate inevitable that Now nominee.” Democratic “inevitable the behind points 50 were we began we When inevitable. tan ve se no candidata esa Ahora inevitable”. demócrata “nominada la de detrás puntos 50 estábamos iniciamos Cuando @HillaryClinton. - immigration.” illegal against adamantly know, you am, "I up. them dividing not together, families keeping reform: immigration of issue the on light guiding Bernie’s 2007 in @HillaryClinton - " undocumented for licenses driver’s support not will I president, "As 2007. en @HillaryClinton — indocumentadas…” personas a conducir de licencias darle a opondré me yo presidenta, “Como harm." great them bring could deportation child’s a cases, some in that, acknowledged "Clinton promise. that make can I America. of States United the from children deport not will I @HillaryClinton - laws.” have “We prometer. puedo lo Eso América. de Unidos Estados en viven que niños a deportaré No @BernieSanders week." the of day any yours against record my match would I Secretary, "Madam @julito77: RT Times: York New The by earlier described dishonesty and tactics" "negative on down doubles .@HillaryClinton 2008. in bailout "auto" the on @HillaryClinton - winners." biggest the probably are institutions financial other our and NY of banks "The -@nytimes boldness.” his match to inspired is [Hillary] hope "We standard. gold the is plan immigration Bernie’s bill. bailout auto an was II TARP that imply to misleading It's again. it say I'll and again it did She @davidaxelrod: RT Trump. stop Let's xenophobia. the stop Let's racism. the stop Let's room. the in donors" "wonderful greeting her shows out" it "cut to St Wall telling speech Clinton that from Video Sanders. Bernie than more Brothers Koch the on taken has who Congress States United the in nobody is There right. he’s And Street. Wall for dangerous be would Bernie said He speech. a for $225,000 Bernie give didn’t Sachs Goldman of head The Street. Wall para peligro un soy — razón tiene Y peligro. un soy que dijo contrario, al $250,000; dio me no Sachs Goldman de director El multimillonarios. de puñado un para sólo no todos, para funcione que economía una Necesitamos right. was he Unfortunately, after. day the happen would what feared he because Libya in change regime and War Iraq the against voted Bernie colleges? not but free, for schools high and middle, elementary, to go to kids Trump's for okay it's think @HillaryClinton does Why there? get @HillaryClinton would How coverage. care health universal to get to plan a has candidate one Only people. all to care health guarantee doesn't that country major only the be to continue should the that arguing is Clinton Sec. razón. tuvo él Desafortunadamente, después. sucedería que lo temía porque Libia en régimen el cambiar y Irak de guerra la contra votó Bernie America. of States United the of President for running am I why is This 2001. since factories 60,000 lost We've the in workers abandon to continue cannot they America corporate tell to got have We campaign. people’s a is It campaign. billionaire-funded a not is campaign This Florida of University @UF live rally Gainesville @BernieSanders Watch @maryaliceparks: RT behind. leaving they're planet the about instead worry and contributors campaign their of needs the overcome can Republicans day one hope I Plan Power Clean the delay to wants Sanders Bernie says wrongly Clinton Hillary PolitiFact: … record.” sanders’ bernie on facts the with loose and fast played has clinton hillary times "5 .@washingtonpost: @cascamike: RT hungry. go America in children while breaks tax huge get to continue cannot you is class billionaire the to sending are we message The up. ground the from revolution political a create we when and enough,” is “enough say and up stand people when place takes change Real benefits. Security Social full for qualifying before old years 68-70 are they until work to Americans working-class ask to unacceptable It's country. this in revolution political a movement, mass a is there unless face we that problems the address to able be will president No late. too it’s before United Citizens overturn must We politicians. buying is money big where oligarchy an in living increasingly are We history. modern in downturn economic worst the into country this drove Street Wall of behavior illegal and greed recklessness, The sources. energy sustainable of development the and efficiency energy toward aggressively move must We emissions. methane on price a puts and fracking bans that plan a have I why That's agree. I House White the to Closer Trump Puts Hillary For Vote Every Why and Trump Crush Would Bernie Why @taddevine: RT actions. violent supporters' his addressing for responsibility take should Trump country. our in place no has division of politics The one. weaker a not movement, union trade stronger a need we class middle crumbling the rebuild to going are we If release. to nothing have I Clinton, Sec. Unlike dollars. of thousands of hundreds for Street Wall to speeches give don't I yes. is answer My question. good a That's interests. corporate the not interest public the for fight will I day Every numbers. poll not principle on based govern will I president, As care. health universal for fight her continue will We Lang. Jane Remembering me. join to @HillaryClinton urge I it. pass to efforts fight to continue will and Congress to TPP the send won't I elected, If States! United the of President next the @BernieSanders to Welcome @Marcy_Kaptur: RT ET. 1PM at tomorrow until voting early for register still can deadline first the missed who Carolinians North … Getty | day election on vote can 17-year-olds rules judge Ohio wins: .@BernieSanders @politico: RT system. justice criminal broken our of indictment clear a is behavior illegal their for Street Wall on crooks the prosecute to failure The harder. fight will who candidate other no is there racism fight to need the and reform justice criminal On change. climate combating including issues of range wide a discuss will he where IL Summit, in live Bernie Watch TOGETHER. people bring We campaign: this in different little a things do We teachers. firing and schools down shutting mayor a of endorsement the want don’t I me. endorsing not for Emanuel Rahm thank to want I up. us divide to world the of Trumps Donald the allow not will We together. people bring to continue will We Chicago from @jamalhbryant of endorsement the up picks .@BernieSanders @Dakarai_Turner: RT equality. of promise full their realizes person every where nation a create us Help country. this in leaders be to people young asking I'm deserve. they respect the receive and earned have they benefits and care health quality the get must nation this defends who veteran Every https… @HGC1968 &amp; @CornelWest Dr. @SenSanders. w/ convo One-on-One w/ @RPCoalition ICYMI: @RevJJackson: RT @TroyLaRaviere - education.” college a to access have should income, their of regardless American, "Every Chicago. in back be to Good division. reject we when win We together. come people when win We price. the pay Chicago of children and teachers the making they're now and for asked they what banks the gave Rahm today. earlier won Bernie election conv. Iowa County Polk steal to allies party and @hillaryclinton by now right way under Effort Convention. Democratic Iowa County Polk at delegates worker-class disenfranchising are allies party and .@HillaryClinton time. sick paid and time vacation paid guarantee not does which earth on country major only the be cannot We @BernieSanders @MoveOn: RT Convention. County Dem County BlackHawk the at @BernieSanders for today ballot my Cast @docftw33: RT here live rally State Missouri @BernieSanders' Watch @maryaliceparks: RT it. defeat to need We agreement. trade TPP the with tinker to need don't We Clinton: Secretary for message a have I on @jaketapper to talk will @BernieSanders hall town night's Sunday Before @CNNSotu: RT child. and woman man, every to right a as care health provide and world industrialized the of rest the join must States United The care. health is right human That right. human a be to consider I that something for fighting career my spent have I https://t.… untrue." "totally is rally Trump at protesters organized he claim @realDonaldTrump's says @BernieSanders WATCH: @ThisWeekABC: RT … more for @stltoday see idea line timelapse for @trymainelee Mo--h/t Affton, in event @BernieSanders into get to Line @PDPJ: RT America. of States United the in jobs create to want that enterprises worker-owned and businesses small in investing be should We … UNITY! &amp; LOVE is It violence. and hatred and fear than powerful more something is There Trump: Donald @BenJealous: RT sense? make that Does percent. 50 bottom the than income more earns percent 1 top the States United the in Today https://t… Obi-Wan!" you, need "We Louis: St. in rally @BernieSanders surprises @DannyDeVito WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT Tuesday. on primary Missouri's before Louis St. in Bernie introducing @DannyDeVito - Obi-Wan." you need "We supporters. his of some of violence the condemn and rhetoric his down tone should Trump day. every them with is who president a need They speech. stump a in things right the says who president a need don’t people American The Illinois. in community Islander Pacific and American Asian the of leaders prominent many with meeting Wonderful CNNgo: Watch . the in first up is .@BernieSanders @cnnbrk: RT it. encourage not violence condemn should We process. political American the in acceptable not is Violence accountable. held be must officer that law, the breaks officer police a when official, public other any Like Sanders. Bernie than HBCUs strengthening to committed more is president for running candidate No democrático. proceso el en aceptable es no violencia la que seguidores sus a diga le Trump señor el que Espero poverty. in living is America in week a hours 40 works who nobody that so wage living a to wage minimum our raise gonna We're wage. good a get they sure make and country this in teachers great the about talk should we education, about talk we When punishment. capital against I'm people. killing be should itself state the think don't just I world, the in already violence much so With fracking. on ban a for fight will who race this in candidate only the is .@BernieSanders @kartpath: RT planet. the than important more not are profits their them tell and industry fuel fossil the to up stand will who president a needs America money. lobbyist NRA taking stop should .@HillaryClinton … 15th March Tuesday, Vote @jesuschuygar: RT earth. on country major any nearly of rate poverty childhood highest the has States United the shamefully, Today, injury. brain traumatic and PTSD, with home came who women and men 500,000 the about talk must we war, about talk we When … LIVE Watch @BernieSanders. supporting he's why explain to @ThisHour joins @MarkRuffalo Next: @CNNgo: RT https:/… disease. the treat to drugs new of development spur to initiative research HIV/AIDS unveil to Sanders Bernie New: @WSJPolitics: RT him. at looking are you Republican, other some or Trump defeat will who candidate a want you If you. without this do can't We campaign. my on help your for and democracy in participating for Giat Tobey you Thank employers. their of behavior illegal often and coercive the of because so do to unable are unions join to want who Americans of Millions … you! Thank Tribe. Apache Carlos San the of land sacred the yesterday, Flat Oak to invited be to honor an What @janeosanders: RT https://… Rico Puerto for up standing for @BernieSanders Senator you Thank @StandupforPR: RT … workers transit 190K reps Union president. for Sanders Bernie endorses Union Transit Amalgamated in: Just @jamieson: RT workers. coal just not workers, fuel fossil ALL to assistance transition in billion $41 provides plan My @MSNBC. on @chucktodd with hall town a in participates @BernieSanders IN: TUNE @MSNBC: RT interests. special and America corporate from money taking without office for run can you that proving is campaign This phones the all Call vote. to out them Get time! go It's @People4Bernie: RT Saturday! on march huge the for Thanks 22. March on Bernie for caucus to ready is Idaho campaign. grassroots a is This campaign. my to contribute to millionaires begging country the travel don't I and PAC super a have don't I tomorrow. Bernie for VOTE and out go to you want and Tomson Chris and Koenig Ezra Weekend's Vampire issues. criminal not issues health are addiction and abuse Substance problem. the solve to going not is addicts up Locking https… Dreamers. and children refugee victims, Arpaio's families, undocumented with meeting @janeosanders @ErikaAndiola: RT interests. fossil-fuel powerful over planet our of future the for triumph historic an is This @BenJealous. supporter says turnout, about all it's today, well do to @BernieSanders For @NewDay: RT vote. Go today. heard voice your make Florida: and Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, in brothers and Sisters @BernieSanders @MoveOn: RT polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can movement. our for day important incredibly an is Today share! to use and today Bernie for Vote few. wealthy a just not us, of all to belongs government This information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text vote! and out Get revolution? political a for Ready it: report and number turnout precinct's your for worker poll a ask vote, you When today! help your need We polls? the to them get and voters call to hour an spare you Can vote. to out supporters getting help your need We today. vote go please OH: and MO, FL, NC, IL, together. people bringing is about is campaign this What fun. God, to swear I genuinely, is This @robdelaney: RT at location polling your up Look vote? to where sure not — Florida and Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, hotline. our Call issues? or Questions family. and friends your Bring vote. to turn your it’s Ohio, polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can states. different five in polls the to going are Voters image! this share and Use today? Florida or Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, in Bernie for Voting https://… day 2 GOTV on vote your for asking is @BernieSanders Florida, @DFAaction: RT PM. 7 until open are Polls today. vote go and family and friends your grab Florida, it: report and turnout precinct's your for worker poll a ask vote, you When today! help your need We choose. to right the regarding discussion of lot a be not would there babies, to birth giving were men If vote. go and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Florida and Missouri Carolina, North Illinois, Ohio, polls… @ register can You vote. to eligible ARE you November, in election general the before 18 be will but 17 you're If @Chicago4Bernie: RT @LatinoVoices via @huffpostblog Rico Puerto for hope real represents Sanders Bernie @nprcinc: RT now. right over head and location polling your find to 82623 to VOTE Text Bernie! for vote and out get to late too not It's now. vote Go location. polling your for 82623 to VOTE text and door the out Head polls! the to head to chance Last heard! voice your Make Carolina! North minutes 30 in close Polls @NCForBernie: RT Chicago. in Seen results election after supporters to speaks Sanders LIVE: WATCH @NBCNews: RT system. clean-energy 100% a creating by jobs good-paying million 10 of workforce clean-energy a create would plan My https://t… truth." the telling are very something doing are "We @BernieSanders: WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT dic… mujeres", o musulmanes mexicanos, a insultos aceptará no EEUU porque es presidente será no Trump que el por motivo "El @UniPolitica: RT @BernieSanders job." another Get politics. of out get elections, fair and free of afraid are you "If @RockTheVote: RT broken. is quo status the when quo status the for settle not Do greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and country this destroying is class billionaire the of greed The Americans. working of millions of lives the on impact horrendous a had have years 40 or 30 past the for policies trade disastrous Our revolution. political a needs America needs. basic their of care take and table the on bread put to struggling are Families control. of out are prices drug wonder no it’s fraud, fight to failure its and prices negotiate to unwillingness government’s our Between Donate: lose. us seeing on set class billionaire a facing We’re easy. be would revolution political the said one No Security. Social eliminate to want they Security, Social cut to want just don’t allies billionaire their and brothers Koch The us: Join revolution. political a in involved get to you for asking am I vote. your for asking just not am I manner. peaceful a in conflicts international resolve can it how but in, engage can it wars many how not is nation great a of test The system. this change can We money. for PACs super and billionaires on dependent become have politicians our that idea the like not do People corporations. large of CEOs the just not families, working benefit and protect that agreements trade need We benefits. these guarantee must We leave. parental paid guaranteed, without world the in nation developed only the is States United The planet. the of destruction the off profit would who those from money taking while effectively change climate on take can you believe don’t I scot-free. off get you economy, the destroyed that St. Wall on exec an you're If record. a get you marijuana, with caught kid a you're If Donate: you. like people by led is campaign This cash. of bags with wings the in waiting billionaires have don’t We us. defended who have who veterans those on backs our turn not do we that means it anything, means patriotism If https:/… 2015. in CO2 atmospheric in hike record after Jan-Feb in temps global record burn: the Feel @NickySundt: RT billionaires! the just not families, working for works that economy an create to going We're idea: radical a Here’s … 9pmET. at MSNBC to in Tune Senator. Vermont the with minute a miss Don't tonight! @Maddow joins .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT Flint? in pipes the rebuild to enough have don't we somehow but Iraq in war to go to money much so have we did How way. different a it doing am I industry. fuel fossil the and Street Wall from money of amounts huge raising PAC super a has Clinton Sec. contribution. $27 a make to to gone have who people real from contributions individual million 5 have I ground. the in fuels fossil keeping by starts to plan my why is This incarcerated. the for training skills real and education real need We prison. from back path a be to needs There population. educated best the have we rather I'd country. other any than jail in people more having of reality sad the end to want I … in hall town @BernieSanders candidate Presidential LIVE: Watch @CBS5AZ: RT street. the on out sleeping are who veterans on backs our turn to right a have not do we ethically and morally that believe I unacceptable. That's it? afford can’t they because college to go to unable are today people young bright of thousands of tens that it is How don’t. I idea, radical a it’s thinks opponent my know I tuition-free. be should country this in university and college public Every poverty. like problems economic and social or addiction drug like problems health of out way our jail cannot We @RealSheriffJoe. a @BernieSanders advierte le Joe", "Cuidado, @UniPolitica: RT here: Falls Idaho in Rally In Believe to Future the at live Bernie Watch back—absolutely. it send would we money, us sent company some accident, some by if, and money, PAC corporate take don't I $27 contribution: Average ✅ contributions million than More ✅ donors million 2 Nearly ✅ numbers: the by movement grassroots A Arpaio Joe Sheriff On Takes Arizona, in .@BernieSanders, @RI4A: RT people? their all to care health guarantees country major every that notice to happen she Did world. the travel to got she says Clinton Sec. spending. medical on planet the on countries other all outspend do we all, to care health guarantee don't we while And info! more for Visit ballot! your mail-in to day last the is today caucus, your attend can’t you If Washington: contributors. campaign wealthy just not and us of all for works that government a need We earned. have veterans our benefits the about debate no be should there but war, to go to when about differences have can We … military: our lead to most @BernieSanders trust voters American poll: @Reuters this missed you case In @TulsiGabbard: RT turnout. large a is there if caucus that win We'll Utah. in caucus important very a be to going is there Tuesday On that. than more workers care child our value should We crazy. is That wage. minimum making workers care child got you've Today, business. small a exactly ain't Boeing you, tell me let And Bank. Export-Import the by discharged money the of percent 40 gets Boeing abroad. jobs move who corporations large subsidize to taxpayers for idea great a it’s think don’t I but me, with disagree may Clinton Sec. revolution. political the for Vote income. your of regardless college to go to able is child your that know you week, a hours 40 work you if where nation a in live can We people. the for and people, the by , campaign a is This This: Like Look Revolutions Political @GRForSanders: RT movement. grassroots unprecedented an organize and together come to nation the across people asking I'm right. is Francis Pope walls. more not bridges, more building be should we said has Francis Pope https:… @BernieSanders - system our with deal we when hate not justice &amp; compassion need We @DREAMerJ_D: RT deported"… not should They Clinton. with disagree I Salvador. El from one met just I children. refugee protect to need "We @ErikaAndiola: RT families. many so grips that sadness and fear the by struck I'm Arizona. Nogales, in here border the Touring change! real want They . pain the to listening are we because momentum gaining is campaign This citizenship. toward path a and reform immigration comprehensive for effort the lead will I you. have We friends. rich their from money bundle to billionaires and millionaires have don't We see. to want we change the for organize to communities our in together come we that important It's yet. nothing seen ain’t They generation. a in politics establishment to threat serious most the called being is campaign Our win. we together, stand families working When win. we justice, for together stand all we When lifetime. a of struggle the It’s year. a or day a of struggle the isn’t rights our for struggle The voters! to talking to commit can you if ID and UT AZ, in victory toward path real a have We action: Take process. democratic the in involved get Americans of numbers large when comes change Real GOTV: Let's campaign. other any than events for people more out turned you campaign this in Early revolution. political a need We economics. establishment and politics establishment for late too is it because president for running I'm all. for wages fair for fight must we meet, ends make to struggle to continue country this across families As together: families immigrant keep to vows Sanders Bernie fence, border US-Mexico before Standing @AP: RT … ?!?! Tuesday on Caucasus to going you are of support in day the for in @shailenewoodley: RT families. immigrant of thousands deporting and up rounding involving tactics inhumane employ to continue cannot We answer. the not are Raids immoral. and wrong is border nation's a of side other the on living are children her and here living is mother a that idea The 10:30amE… @ in Tune nomination. the to path his about talk to morning this @FacetheNation on be only will .@BernieSanders @FaceTheNation: RT @StandWithRaul - voice.” a need powerless the that understands He convenience. of politician a not is "Bernie politicians. buy to millionaires allowed has which decision Court Supreme United Citizens disastrous this overturn to going we're Together C… Hillary than Trump Donald against better do I that polls the at look they when appreciate will People .@BernieSanders: @FaceTheNation: RT rich. the for breaks tax more and elderly the for austerity more want Republicans seniors, among poverty growing Despite together. families keeps that policy immigration humane a need We wire. barbed more or wall bigger a need don't We people. the for and people, the of campaign a is This together. stand we if win to chance good a have We Tuesday. on up are Utah and Idaho Arizona, win. will Bernie how you're And PACs. super its and establishment political the against well so done have we reason the are YOU lose. us see to determined class billionaire a against up We're easy. be would revolution political a said one No us: Join participation. political without come not will Change Donate: you. on rely We day. a it call and checks big for millionaires of handful a asking around go don't We … handouts. free deserve DON'T corporations The care. health deserve PEOPLE the because are We @People4Bernie: RT privilege. a not right, a is care health that sure make must we and , revolution political a is campaign This 🔥🔥🔥 us! underestimate don't @BernieSanders @NewyorkWeissman: RT over. being to close even isn't fight This @williamecurley: RT America. transform gonna we're and revolution political a make gonna We're families. working represent We agenda. their support not does that campaign a running are we because terrified is Street Wall you! of one every and each need we And fight. the join can you live, you where matter No https://t.… share! fair their pay to for time it's anymore, out bailed be shouldn't @Latinos4Bernie: RT comprehension. beyond That's deported. was wife his country, his serving was he while and military US the in serving man young a to talked I Tuesday. on vote and out Go . revolution political a lead help Arizona see us Let you! with family and friends your Bring Sanders. Bernie for Tuesday on Caucus change? real want Idaho, https:… 25. March by vote to Register people. the for and is that one is revolution political This Wyoming! @WyWomen4Bernie: RT 22. March Tuesday, on Bernie for Caucus revolution. political the join Utah, war? that of because safe less or more we are ourselves: ask must We today. ago years 13 Iraq invaded We dollars. trillion several taxpayers States United the cost have will war that calculated, are benefits last the When systems. water and bridges roads, schools, America’s rebuilding on spent been have could that money That’s veterans. our by made sacrifices incredible the forget never must we war, that of wake the In Congress. our in them cut to attempts from benefits veterans’ defending with starts That war. for calling were many so when cast to vote hard a was It Iraq. in War the against voted I 2003, In true. came region the of destabilization the about time the at predicted I what Unfortunately, judgment. with someone — line the down years 20 15, 10, future their about think will who president a need Americans warfare. perpetual from away us move will that judgment sound in rooted policy foreign a to move can we Together, issues. serious about discussion need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In Arena Key at NOW stage the taking @BernieSanders NOW: WATCH @komonews: RT country. the of out them throwing and children and women, men, of millions up sweeping about talking be even not should we and cannot We Léanlo Rico. Puerto para @BernieSanders tiene que plan el dejo les Acá @Residente: RT Saturday! on win will we vote, to out member family a and friend a brings here person every If Seattle! you, Thank history. modern in downturn economic worst the into country this drove Street Wall of behavior illegal and greed recklessness, The percent. 1 top the just not and all for works that economy an create can we us, divide to people allow don’t and together come we When era. new a into countries two our between relations moving and Cuba to traveling for Obama President applaud I … vision economic &amp; plan best : Tuesday in @BernieSanders for voting I'm Why @standwithraul: RT abroad! Democrats you, Thank world. the over all resonating now is revolution political Our Wade. v. Roe preserving of importance the understand who Court Supreme the to justices appoint will I president, As together. stand we if win to chance good a have We tomorrow! caucus and vote Utah and Idaho Arizona, enough. is enough saying: and up standing people of revolution—millions political a is campaign This https://… . government a create us Help do! can you things impact highest of one is Bernie for Phonebanking @BernieOnIssues: RT win. we together, stand we When htt… origin of place or gender, race, politics, our of regardless us, of one single Every . is campaign This @People4Bernie: RT all. of lives the improve to together coming about is Politics opera. soap a not is politics you, tells media the what Despite too. communities our organize can we show to Time billionaires. the against competing possible what's shown We've 1. April by vote to Register . and people the of is that one is revolution political This Wisconsin! Connect. Join media. social using supporters other with message our amplify Help GOTV! Let's campaign. other any than events for people more out turned you campaign this in Early GOTV: Let's campaign. other any than events for people more out turned you campaign this in Early … 28. March by vote to Register people. the for and is that one is campaign This Pennsylvania! @RI4Bernie: RT action: Take process. democratic the in involved get Americans of numbers large when comes change Real here: Utah in LIVE speech policy foreign a deliver Bernie Watch peace. lasting a achieve to done be to needs what do to rise will and must can, community international the and Palestine Israel, believe I administration. my in represented be not will Street Wall government. the and Street Wall between door revolving the shut to time It's … @CBSNLive - economy" "rigged discusses rally, campaign holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @CBSNews: RT Truman. Harry and Roosevelt Franklin to back going presidents Democratic by supported been has that idea an is care health Universal lobbyist: NRA the by hosted fundraiser her at got @HillaryClinton contributions $27 many how Wonder legacy.” “awful an growth job of months straight 72 Obama's President call I’d that know Don’t video: your Submit YOU! historic: campaign this makes what of videos include to want and ads new making We're Smile! out. them cast not here, refuge seeking families protect to steps take to need We oppressed. the for refuge a been always has nation Our AZ Flagstaff, in rally Sanders Bernie LIVE: @12News: RT Fla… at @BernieSanders says republicans" beat to democrat strongest the at looking are you question no is there think "I @LaurenBlanch12: RT … America" change to trying about 're a not are elections and "Campaigns .@BernieSanders: @allinwithchris: RT Arizona from chair vice council ethnic DNC's the Oparnica, Danica superdelegate: 27th his up picks Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT Brussels. of people the to and attack barbaric this in ones loved lost who families the to condolences deepest our offer We Belgium: in attacks on statement Sanders Full vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Idaho and Utah Arizona, House. White the win to vote Utah: badly. him beat would we Utah, in Trump Donald beat we would only Not @TulsiGabbard via need we chief in commander the is Sanders Bernie Gabbard: Tulsi Rep. @TIMEPolitics: RT it: report and precinct your at turnout the for clerk the ask today, vote you After help! your need we Arizona, votar. a amigos y familiares sus con Vayan movimiento. nuestro por votar para ustedes de turno el Llegó — Utah y Idaho Arizona, candidate. Democratic strongest the at looking are you that question no is There House. White the occupy not does Republican a that certain make to can we everything do to got have We religion. a fighting not are We people. innocent killing organization terrorist a fighting are We bigotry. to succumb not we important It’s … at out help more, Learn will. i know I today! in @BernieSanders support go Everyone @standwithraul: RT https:… information voting for 82623 to UT or ID, AZ, initials state ur Text @DREAMerJ_D: RT cuts! austerity accept not will they that clearly and loudly saying are who Rico Puerto in students the with stand I image! this share and or Use today? Utah or Idaho Arizona, in Bernie for caucusing or Voting http… workers. its of many than rate tax income fed lower pays Vz fine. just is playbook Bernie's @verizon .@VerizonPolicy @CWADistrict1: RT pr… racial &amp; torture proposing by hatred &amp; fear embrace @tedcruz &amp; @realDonaldTrump terror. against together stand must We @keithellison: RT enough. is War Cold of years Fifty Cuba. on embargo failed the lift fully to Congress for calls President's the by stand to continue I policy. foreign sane a and all for works that economy an democracy, American for fight and up stand Idaho, Americans. fellow to talks president a how is This @TheDemocrats: RT location. your for 82623 to FIND Text now! right caucus or vote and out Get revolution? political a for Ready it: report and precinct your at turnout the for clerk the ask today, vote you After help! your need we Arizona, Americans: Native empower to plan a with candidate presidential only the is .@BernieSanders @micnews: RT hotline: our Call today? caucusing or voting while issues or Questions democracy. practice and line in Stay matters. voice Your caucus. to right a have you line, in you're If — Idaho Votes tough! Hang is! line the long how matter no vote can you polls, at pm 7 by line in if - Voters Attn @VoteReagan: RT 512-938-8850. Call concerns? or issues Any vote. to right the have You leave! not do Arizona, in 7 before vote to line in you're If 385-223-6954. Call Issues? Bernie. for caucus and line in Stay heard. voice your Make caucus. to right a have you line, in you're If — Utah h… as return @IamGuillermo &amp; Jimmy and @GrangerSmith @TWHiddleston + TONIGHT @BernieSanders Senator @JimmyKimmelLive: RT election. any in vote a cast to hours wait to have people that disgrace national a It’s counts. vote Every line. in stay to sure make Arizona, in you're If here: Diego San in Rally In Believe to Future our to live in Tune Utah! in tonight caucused who those all to you Thank night! the of win big second our for Idaho you Thank few. a just for works that economy an than rather us of all for works that class middle a create and together us bring that policies need We dignity. and respect with tribes American Native treat to government the for time is It so. think don't I wealthy. the to breaks tax in dollars of billions give to wants He wage. minimum the raise not should we thinks Trump control. birth to access full have not did women when days the to back going not are We it. to objection “moral” a has employer an because procedure other any or contraception for coverage deny gonna not we’re No, https:… . to all--thanks at not falling--or barely are emissions gas greenhouse America's @billmckibben: RT 😀 yours: Submit YOU! historic: campaign this makes what of videos include to want and ad new a making We're Smile! vote. right the was that and Iraq in war the against voted I responsibly. it do will I but nation this defend will I president, As here: RSVP 24. March tomorrow, issues veterans’ on call conference national a for @TulsiGabbard Join warfare. perpetual in involved troops get not does that way a in it do to but ISIS, destroy to be must policy military of goal The http… easter… 6pm at TODAY , On LIVE Sanders Bernie interviewing be will Uygur Cenk @TheYoungTurks: RT here: in Tune @TheYoungTurks. with now right LIVE on is Bernie rights. sovereign and treaty their protect to struggle the in Americans Native with stand will I president, As abortion. to right woman's a expand and protect must We Wade. v. Roe undercut to attempts fight will I president, As free. college make and care health expand can we Then share. fair their pay them make and loopholes tax close banks, big up break plan: My … @Yorshmore de entrevista ", los por trabajado "He .@BernieSanders: @UniPolitica: RT America. in place no has law This identity. gender and orientation sexual on based discrimination end to time It's world. the in prices drug prescription highest the pay already who Americans off ripping while taxes evade to continue cannot pharma Big percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of percent 58 and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The Arizona. in delays voting the investigate to @TheJusticeDept asking @MayorStanton see to glad I'm unacceptable. is This ballots. their cast to get didn't many how know don't We vote. to hours 5 for line in waited people night, Tuesday On difficult. this be not should Voting Act. Rights Voting the gutted Court Supreme the because is Arizona in vote to hard so is it reason One support: your Add Act. Rights Voting the for support our reaffirming by is vote to easier it make can we way One here: RSVP tomorrow. Oregon Portland, in rally a for me Join Longshor… Internat'l from endorsement announces campaign - caucus WA Saturday's into headed @BernieSanders for news Good @maryaliceparks: RT how. out find to visit Please vote. to register to chance last your is Tomorrow York! New conviction. felony a by away taken vote to right their had have who Americans million 5 than more the re-enfranchise to need We Indiana. of Governor the not make, to woman a for is abortion an have to decision The how. out find to visit Please vote. to register to chance last your is Tomorrow Wyoming! Photo AP | union Coast West key from backing gets .@BernieSanders @politico: RT benefits. full paying there right was Security Social but 2008, after savings life their lost Americans of Millions wrong. dead are They cut. be must and crisis in is Security Social believe to us wants president for candidate Republican every Virtually https://t.… here: stream live the for in tune it, make can't you If hall. town a hosting tonight Alaska Anchorage, in I'm @janeosanders: RT @TulsiGabbard Sanders" Bernie | War of Cost "The AD! AMAZING @VanJones68: RT economy. global the destroyed nearly behavior illegal their 2008, In power. extraordinary have Street Wall on people of handful A Americans. fellow up locking billion $80 spend we as destroyed are Lives country. other any than jail in people more have We disappearing. been has — world the of envy the once — country our of class middle great the years 40 last the For here: info More Field. Safeco at PM 4 at today rally a for me join — Seattle https://t.… vote! my has primary! NY the in vote to register to day last the is Today @Alancumming: RT https:/… house…” the in anyone of out (17) amendments call roll most the passed sanders congress controlled republicans "when @cascamike: RT WATCH: | ad new emotional cuts Sanders back to quit who official DNC @thehill: RT here: RSVP PM. 1 at tomorrow Madison in rally a for me join Wisconsin, https:… RSVP Brooklyn! in opening grand HQ state our at launch canvass massive and rally big a for staff our Join — York New @DREAMerJ_D: RT generation. HIV-free and AIDS an create to nation a as can we all do must We win. can we Together, tomorrow. Bernie for caucus and member family or friend a grab — Washington &amp; Hawaii Alaska, color. of people for sentencing in disparity grotesque a such see to continue don't we that so system justice criminal our reform to need We here: Portland from live rally our to in Tune WA. &amp; HI AK, in tomorrow caucus and out Come . for vote a is Bernie for vote A ago months anticipated We @TheDailyShow: RT there: us Meet Field. Safeco at Seattle in rally our to way our on are I and change." real for looking They're inches. for settle to looking not are people American "The It. On. Bern. A. Put. @portlandia: RT . for tomorrow win a with away fly Let's revolution. political the join to ready is Alaska me told bird little A hands. Hawaiian Native in rest would self-governance and self-determination to right the administration, my Under tolerated. be not must and unacceptable is police, the of hands the at particularly brutality, and Violence accountable. them hold to easier it make to officers enforcement law for cameras body require and fund federally to need We https:/… is: he here But speech. a giving be would he think didn't field, MLB a on being of dreamed @BernieSanders kid a As @kylieatwood: RT here: live to in Tune making. the in history join and early location caucus your to Get caucus. we today — Washington and Hawaii Alaska, revolution! political a into country this lead help to opportunity the has Washington of state great The caucus! go and friend a Grab all. it have cannot class billionaire the clear and loud say to going are we Today, how. out find to Visit primary! the in vote to register to chance last your is tomorrow Island: Rhode contributors. campaign wealthy of handful a just not us, of all represents that government a demand we world the tell to going are we Today heard. is voice your sure make and line in Stay Washington! across huge is Turnout kickoff HQ at @ninaturner for love huge showing Brooklyn @NYWFP: RT in… and state each in Bernie like that people Message tool: volunteer-made great this out Check @feelthebernorg: RT how. out find to visit Please Monday. on is primary your in vote to register to deadline the Pennsylvania: Together. movement. our of part vital a are You members! Union Warehouse and Longshore International 50,000 the to you Thank us. of all to belongs government this that message a sending are we Together Alaska! you, Thank here: Wisconsin in speaking Bernie to live in Tune momentum. the has campaign our that deny to anybody for hard is It support! huge your for you thank Washington, tonight! support your show to contribution $3 a Make states. more two of winner the declared just was campaign Our you! of proud So Washington.” won just you "Bern, moment. unforgettable An @janeosanders: RT Hawai'i! you, Thank Washington. and Alaska, Hawaii, in wins his after on @chucktodd joins @BernieSanders up: Coming @meetthepress: RT state. Washington and Alaska, Hawaii, in won @BernieSanders night Last @meetthepress: RT … rally…” raucous a with headquarters hometown a opened campaign @BernieSanders’ as Saturday Bernin’ was "Brooklyn @kartpath: RT … Hawaii: en 71% y Washington en 73% Alaska, en 82% con ayer impuso se .@BernieSanders @UniPolitica: RT celebrate! who those all to family Sanders the from Easter happy a Wishing Yor… New turf: home her on debate to @HillaryClinton challenges @BernieSanders yesterday, victories sweeping 3 off Coming @TheBradMielke: RT park. a to children their taking fear ever should one No Lahore. in attack deplorable the by affected families the for today grieving are We suppression. voter of forms all are registration same-day restricting and districts Congressional of drawing discriminatory laws, ID Voter years. ten next the over system care health current the than less trillion $6 cost will plan Medicare-for-all My decades. for regions destabilize and devastation far-reaching wreak can Iraq, of invasion the as such decisions, military Ill-conceived vote the of 70% with @BernieSanders to shows @TulsiGabbard: RT hours. non-traditional work who parents for especially families, working for childcare affordable quality to access ensure to need We debt. its restructure to able be should and help our needs Rico Puerto @Lin_Manuel. with agree I here: plan our of more Read people. its help to do to thing right the is protection bankruptcy Rico Puerto Giving dignity. in retire to struggle adults working of millions and savings in $10,000 than less have Americans most when time a at live We agree: you if Sign debate. a have we'll state, home Clinton’s Sec. York, New into go we as that much very hope I polluters. corporate of profits the of favor in ignored consistently is communities of health the globe, the across that is reality sad The process! democratic the in part take and visit Please vote. to register to chance last your is today — Pennsylvania … @ScharffK workers"​- all for $15 passing by up catch to need leaders "NY California, After @NYWFP: RT people. the with resonating is message our because win to going are we but us against PACs super opponent's our and Street Wall have may We change. incremental not action, bold need we us tell Scientists Ahead Trouble of Democrats Warns Clinton of View Unfavorable Voters’ HuffPost: defin… that tenacity &amp; grit the have to fortunate be should — otherwise or @BernieSanders, @HillaryClinton, — candidate Any @BPEricAdams: RT do. I what That's power. no have who those with stand to influence my used have I official, elected an been have I Since not. does @HillaryClinton wage. minimum federal $15 a support I difference: the here’s But agree. I shot. or harassed be to going they're if about worry to having without street the down walk can people young that so reform police need We 48% @HillaryClinton 49%, @BernieSanders Poll: Dem @Morning_Joe: RT wage. starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job A 2008. in @HillaryClinton — anywhere.” anytime, debate to willing be should “You mandate. lawful other or conviction criminal a without assets seizing for officials reward that programs end must We bargain. collectively to rights workers' protect will who justice a confirm to need the underscores decision This country. this over all unions dismantle to war a waging been has wing right the California, to Wisconsin From elections. buy to continue to able be won't they that class billionaire the and brothers Koch the tell to movement grassroots a need We here: RSVP 31. March Thursday, this @Residente guest special with Bronx the in rally a for me Join first. the not recourse, last the be to got has War would. families working from Kids week. a hrs 10 work to have wouldn't plan @HillaryClinton's under kids wealthy Yet alright. are kids The school. through themselves put to working already are students of majority vast The money. for begging homes billionaires' to going not people, of thousands to speaking is campaign This efficiency. energy toward and fuels fossil from away system energy our transform to efforts obstructing stop to Republicans for time It's economics. and politics policies, establishment for late too is It country. our facing crises enormous the address to thinking new need We - here live rally Milwaukee @BernieSanders Watch @maryaliceparks: RT plan: my Read color. of people affecting racism institutional and marginalization political the address must We use. marijuana of result a as records criminal have they because destroyed lives their seen have Americans many Too poverty. in live to has week a hours 40 working nobody ensures that America an creating about is movement Our end. must forward path shortsighted That debt. student of levels outrageous with people of millions punishing be should we believe don't I PRESIDENT!!! FOR SANDERS BERNIE YAY! Friends, Twtter Dear @DAVID_LYNCH: RT gone: they’re before yours Grab ! commemorate to sticker a make to decided We education. college a get to able be will they families, their of income the what matter no hard, study they if that know to children want I 2008. in Street Wall bailout to billion $700 opponent? my for pie-in-the-sky too wasn't what know You ideas. big my for criticized been I've Shameful. gentlemen. and ladies frontrunner, Republican Your Brooklynites! like campaign will we yes, And @JumaaneWilliams! Agreed, Street. Wall on corruption and fraud of culture the tolerate to afford longer no can country This sake. goodness' for half in pills cutting are people Elderly prescribe. doctors their drugs prescription the afford can't people five in One are. they think I companies. drug the or companies insurance the to up stand to prepared are people American the think not may opponent My ET, 10PM at starts @BernieSanders with interview exclusive My @maddow: RT away: fly they before yours Grab left. stickers few a got only We've the… in tomorrow rally NYC his at @BernieSanders introducing folks among Dawson Rosario and Belafonte, Harry Lee, Spike @maryaliceparks: RT @MSNBC on airing @BernieSanders with interview exclusive @maddow's NOW: @MSNBC: RT Street. Wall from profits their making are products Street's Wall rating agencies same the if system financial sound &amp; safe a have can't We deals trade of impact the discusses @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT in: Chip Wisconsin. win us help and establishment the shock will today million $ of goal our Hitting Pittsburgh: in rally In" Believe to "Future a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT win. will they that believe I country. this in equity pay for overdue long is time The Activist Transgender Zekis, Andrea - voice." a have I stronger. became I survived. "I gone: they're before campaign our to contribution any with sticker your Get jail. to big too be not will bankers Big card. free jail get-out-of a receive longer no will CEOs Street Wall administration, my Under law. into Act Fairness Paycheck the pass and forward move gotta We've work. same the doing for men than less paid are women that wrong is It deadline: our before Contribute goal. our reach to chance a have we like looks it but shot, long a still It’s h… here: volunteer LA. sunny from moment the at to calls making ! for banking phone @shailenewoodley: RT area. overflow the is this And Bernie. for waiting crowd YUGE @OphirBruck: RT midnight! before goal our reach us Help month. last did we than month this money more raise to trying We're https:/… to. her needed we than later years five NY—about in on ban a of support in out comes .@HillaryClinton @clairesandberg: RT LIVE: in Tune Residente. and Lee Spike Belafonte, Harry Dawson, Rosario with Bronx the in We're NY!" win to has "Bernie .@SpikeLee: @NYWFP: RT … Kissinger. Henry for boos and dictatorship, American Latin for support US condemns Residente as cheers Big @onearmedmaninc: RT City!” York New in born been have to proud very am "I … 3% @BernieSanders: 51% @HillaryClinton: max: legal given have who donors from $$ campaign of Portion @mjbeckel: RT poverty." childhood end must We streets. the on out sleeping country this in children accept not will "I here: deadline tonight’s before yours Make $27.” is campaign our to contribution average "The https:/… Wisconsin! in Voters Black With HRC Over Points 11 Up @BernieSanders Poll: New @BenJealous: RT Guest." Mystery News of Wheel "The as tonight Show" "Late Colbert's on appears Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT here: in Chip million. $ raise to track on We're it. do could we thought never They here: yours Grab sticker! your get to chance Last lobbyists." industry coal and gas oil, from funds on heavily relied has @HillaryClinton that is truth “The Bernin’… on keeps sky the in Wheel Tonight! @colbertlateshow: RT Ma… in raised money more even announces camp @BernieSanders the February, record-setting a After crazy. are numbers These @TheBradMielke: RT revolution. political our are You March. in campaign our to contributed who everyone to you Thank Iraq. invade to trillion $ opponent? my for pie-in-the-sky too wasn't what know You ideas. big my for criticized been I've -@BernieSanders industry." fuel fossil the from money of sums significant taken has Clinton "Sec. @GMA: RT enough. is War Cold of years Fifty Cuba. against embargo the end to got have We trains,… bomb earthquakes, contamination, H2o and air us brought has fracking responsible" and "safe Your .@HillaryClinton @MarkRuffalo: RT nation. the for model a and NY for forward stride huge A proud. very I’m Yorker, New raised and born a As location. voting nearest your find to visit Please voting. early for day last the is today — Wisconsin https://t… Thompson. Tessa and Alexander Michelle Dawson, Rosario with Harlem in table round a hosting campaign .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT … issues: women's about roundtable campaign @BernieSanders a for Harlem from @Facebook on LIVE is NowThis @nowthisnews: RT @BernieSanders for $0 ⚬ @HillaryClinton for million $ ⚬ lobbyists: fuel fossil by bundled money Campaign @GMA. at morning this Bern the Felt @Weezer: RT … most: matters still campaigning live age, media social the in even that proves rally The @issielapowsky: RT Wisconsin: Sheboygan, in rally campaign a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT … Walker. Scott estado del gobernador del habló @BernieSanders cuando en público el reaccionó Así @UniPolitica: RT half-measures. not ideas, bold for fight must we why is This wealthier. even become can investors wealthy of handful a that so more even suffer to asked be shouldn't Rico Puerto now: happening Wisconsin Bay, Green in rally our to in Tune revolution! political the Join 5. April Tuesday, on vote you — Wisconsin change. real for fight and up stand to begin Americans of millions if country this in things great accomplish can we that firmly believe I participation. political without place take cannot Change Convention: Democratic Nevada County, Clark on Weaver Jeff manager Campaign committee. credentials Nevada County, Clark the of status Current 5. April Tuesday, this voting by heard voice your make Wisconsin, Wisconsin: in rally In” Believe to “Future a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT you. Thank revolution. political this powering are country the across all supporters and Volunteers percent. 30 or 20 of rates interest sky-high charging by people American the off ripping from companies card credit stop to got have We @BernieSanders via Puertorriqueña Deuda de Crisis sobre Sanders de Comunicado @ErikaAndiola: RT America. in lender every to cap this extend to time It's percent. 15 at rates interest cap to unions credit required Congress 1980, In presidency." sanders a under brighter is future country's "our @cascamike: RT unacceptable. and wrong Absolutely Wisconsin. in vote to people for harder it make to efforts massive seeing are we Walker, Gov. Under job. another get and politics of out get elections, open and fair of afraid are you if Walker: Scott to say I backwards. it got He's history. Wisconsin in education to cuts largest the making while corporations for breaks tax huge provided has Walker taxes. of share fair their paying start corporations profitable that demand and education for funding increase will I president, As primary. Wisconsin the of ahead @jaketapper to talk will @BernieSanders on week This @CNNSotu: RT Americans. all for wages up drives but members own its protects only not movement trade-union growing and strong A https://t… stronger" even candidacy my "makes independent an been Having .@BernieSanders: @ThisWeekABC: RT boldly. act must We change. incremental for late too It’s world. the across effects devastating having already is change Climate incor… fully Bernie's ed. higher of out students undocumented leave to continues plan ed higher Clinton's Hillary Fact: @saragoldrickrab: RT beginning. the from it to opposition the led I’ve planet. this on fuel dirtiest the of some transport would Pipeline Keystone The Monday! on Milwaukee in @BernieSanders for playing be to excited and honored We're @3OH3: RT … Bernie's attend. kids Trump's &amp; her those like college private prioritize plan Hillary's FACT: @saragoldrickrab: RT Senate. States United the of history the in legislation change climate comprehensive most the introduced have to proud am I grandchildren. our to habitable planet this leave to pie-in-the-sky is it believe not do I But legislation. of peice bold a it's recognize I helped. be won't poor The plan. Hillary's under erode to continue will power purchasing Grant's Pell The Fact: @saragoldrickrab: RT others! and @3OH3 @thesummerset, with Milwaukee in Rally a for tomorrow me Join http… 4. at open Doors us. join Come Center. Bradley Harris BMO at tmw in Bernie speech/introducing giving I'm @MehcadBrooks: RT 5. April on Vote work! not will efforts suppression voter his that Walker Gov. to message strong very a send Let's pollution. carbon on tax a putting by part in 2050, by percent 80 over and 2030 by percent 40 pollution carbon cut will plan climate My @lsarsour. activist, Muslim Brooklyn tonight? WI Madison, in @BernieSanders Introducing @DannyEFreeman: RT … @rosariodawson. with ground stomp to Honored back. @BernieSanders got who Brooklynites PROUD Two @lsarsour: RT Atlantic. the in and Gulf the in Arctic, the in drilling offshore opposed consistently have I clear: be me Let truth. the telling are we politics: American in unusual something doing are we that is well doing is campaign our that reason The corporations. multinational of CEOs the just not and families working benefits that one — country this in trade to approach new a need We https://t.… districts electoral in voters eligible only include to bid conservative a rejected Court Supreme The News: Breaking @nytimes: RT suppression. voter of forms all fight to continue must we Now, vote. one person, one of equality the ensure helped Court Supreme the Today, plan. college free @BernieSanders for case the makes @saragoldrickrab professor UW @mcbyrne: RT plant: power nuclear York New down shutting for calls .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT point. tipping the just are CA and NY ‘pie-in-the-sky.’ was it said Some unrealistic. was wage min $15 a that us told they ago, long too Not wage. minimum federal hour an $15 a for fight and families working with stand proudly will I president, As accountable. them hold to easier it make to officers enforcement law for cameras body require and fund federally to need We justice. racial and rights civil for fight his continue must We history. our of leaders great the of one was Jr. King, Luther Martin involved. Get up. give to not you asking I'm up. give to you want country this of owners the right: is .@MarkRuffalo great. America make Unions hotel. Vegas Trump's at rights bargaining collective for fighting workers for victory A outrage. an is spill Horizon Deepwater disastrous the cleaning for bill BP's up pick taxpayer American the Making @RBReich — movements." on report to how know don’t media major "The change. real for vote and member family or friend a Grab forward. revolution our move to opportunity an have we today — Wisconsin Championship. Basketball National NCAA men's the winning for Wildcats Villanova the to Congratulations vote. Go happen. change make and involved Get Wisconsin. today, message strong a send Let's now: voters WI to calls Make Wisconsin! win to today help your need We … watch! to @MSNBC to in Tune primary. Wisconsin today's of ahead @BernieSanders interviews @mitchellreports NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT revolution. political the join to how out find to Visit today! is vote to register to deadline the Maryland: location. polling your for to Head today? Bernie for vote to where know don't — Wisconsin justa. forma de economía su crecer hacer y deuda su reestructurar para necesario tiempo el recibir debe Rico Puerto care. child quality in invest to need We formative. and important most the are life child's a of years four first The @janeosanders: RT wage. minimum federal $15 support actually Doesn’t ✔️ PM. 8 at close Polls vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Wisconsin direction. wrong the in step deplorable a is law This forms. all in discrimination end to working be should We polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can win. will we turnout, voter large a is there If location. polling your for 82623 to VOTE Text Bernie. for vote and out go to late too not It’s Wisconsin: sa… as office in do would Sanders what abt excited theyre said voters Dem many as 2X - data poll exit prelim ABC in Also @maryaliceparks: RT Wisconsin. vote, and line in Say matters. voice Your you! Thank accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together stand we when message: strong a sent you today Wisconsin, … matters. vote Every heard. voice your make to line in Stay values. progressive supporting for you thank Wisconsinites, @MoveOn: RT ! here: Laramie from live remarks Bernie’s to in Tune going: us Keep margins. large by winning keep we but out, us counting keep establishment and media corporate The Championship. Basketball National NCAA women's another winning for Huskies UConn the to Congratulations Americans. as responsibilities their accept to refuse yet America, of benefits the of advantage taking They're end. to needs greed Corporate baby. their of care take to home stay to afford can't they because immediately work to back go to forced be shouldn't parents New equality. of promise full the realizes orientation, sexual their matter no person, every where nation a in live can We respect. and dignity with retire can American every that so it expand to be must job Our Security. Social cut to be cannot job Our deals. trade bad of result a as closed were that factories rebuild and policies trade our re-write fundamentally must We campaign. her fund to money lobby gun takes candidate Democratic one Only Philly downtown in protest CWA by stops .@BernieSanders @kylieatwood: RT corrupt. also but unfair grossly only not is which today, America in system political a reform must we that means socialism Democratic embarrassment. an That's deductibles. and co-payments high with underinsured are more even and insurance health no have Americans million 29 further. go and it on build must we But country. this for forward step a is write, helped and for voted I which Act, Care Affordable The disagree. I body. own her control to right the has country, this in woman no that is clearly, and loudly very saying, are Republicans What Garner Erica — scared.” not He’s protester. a is @BernieSanders believe “I @kartpath: RT families. their and themselves for care to trying just – jobs three or two with some – hours incredible working are people of Millions @BernieSanders family." my are you movement, this in up grew "I @PaAFL_CIO: RT life. entire my for them with worked have I family. my are Unions fundraisers. Street Wall to go to leave then and unions to go don't I differently. it doing we're way, their elections win to wants establishment political the While planet. our facing threat greatest single the is change Climate grandchildren. and kids our of all for planet livable healthy, a leaving about care I seven, of grandfather a and four of father a As https://… w/ questions your in Send plaza. the on hall town live a for us joins TODAY…@BernieSanders on Tomorrow @TODAYshow: RT … interview one-on-one a for @CharlieRose with down sits @BernieSanders News: Evening CBS on TONIGHT @CBSEveningNews: RT @PaulYSong — uninsured." remain people million 29 where system healthcare immoral and broken a have "We slavery. of practice deplorable country's our for apologize formally would I president, As … Online: 114593 Code: 1-877-229-8493 ET! 8:00pm at guests special and @BernieSanders Senator Join @ErikaAndiola: RT walk. the walking am I – finance campaign to comes it when talk the talking just not who’s guy the at looking You’re agreements. trade disastrous these of one every to opposition the led and against voted have I Unite! @People4Bernie guy! This Bern??? the feeling Who's @DavidFBowen: RT … with questions Ask plaza. the on live @BernieSanders with hall town @TODAYshow: on 8am at up Coming @NBCNewsPR: RT Pope' the of fan big big, a am 'I Vatican: the at speak to invited @BernieSanders NEW: @Morning_Joe: RT https://… quickly very very, moves it justice, see people when fire, catches idea an When wage: min. $15 on .@BernieSanders @Morning_Joe: RT -@BernieSanders women" for equity pay for can I as hard as fight will "I @TODAYshow: RT … Greenpoint: 3pm Flatbush: 1pm ! TODAY: @NYWFP: RT RSVP: PM! 1 at @MarkRuffalo with Rally Flatbush our for us Join today! Brooklyn in is Bernie here: RSVP Brooklyn. in PM 3 at today Rally Greenpoint our at @SusanSarandon and Bernie Join together. act our get gotta We've fuels. fossil on dependence nation's our of consequences severe most the bear will communities Low-income NEXT! ladies the joins @BernieSanders Sen. : to about We’re @TheView: RT change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse politicians American some that embarrassment national a is It it. do to going ain't politics establishment same-old same-old, the that deep, so are serious, so are now country this facing problems The Bernie!" home, "welcome of chants to Flatbush, in stage the takes .@BernieSanders @kartpath: RT here: live Watch Brooklyn. in back Bernie’s attention. paying start to have to going is Congress class, billionaire the and Street Wall to up stand to begin Americans When https://… " and millionaires the about not vote, one person, "One Greenpoint. in stage takes .@BernieSanders @paullarocco: RT here: rally our to live in Tune Brooklyn. Greenpoint, in We’re happens. change how That's do. to what him telling people the was It wage. minimum the raise to idea the had who Cuomo Governor wasn't It reform. welfare on view our is campaign this in myself and Clintons the between differences biggest the of One now. that believe I and then that believed I immigrants.” and minorities, children, and women poor, the on assault “an bill that called I system.” welfare nation’s our reforming to step first critical “a it calling bill this supported @HillaryClinton Unfortunately, disaster. absolute an been has bill reform welfare the that out turns It million. to 636,000 from doubled than more have poverty extreme in living families law, into signed was legislation this Since people. undocumented for benefits to access limited severely and benefits receiving for requirements work strict established It million. to million from skyrocketed has poverty extreme in children of number The Americans. White for 109% Hispanics; for 132% Americans; African for 182% increased poverty EXTREME in living households 2011, to 1996 From 23% Only 2014: 68% 1996: benefits: cash receiving POVERTY IN LIVING Families million. helps only it Today, Americans. million 14 than more to net safety vital a provided welfare 1994, In need. in families for net safety a provide to responsibility the Walker Scott like governors Republican gave legislation This unacceptable. is That poverty. extreme increased and net safety social the weakened has legislation This disagree. I program.” anti-poverty an be not should “welfare that said @HillaryClinton 2008, In net. safety social the weaken, not expand, and provisions reform welfare 1996 the repeal to need we view, my In differ. I and @HillaryClinton where issue" "single a just That's … weather frigid in rally Brooklyn Greenpoint, at roots York New highlights .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT … @benjealous Fridays" on children for food of backpacks packing teachers of numbers record have "We @BenJealous: RT making. the in history Join win. can we turnout, large a there's If 9am. by location caucus your to Get caucus. you today Wyoming: caucus! let’s Wyoming, accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there back, fight and up stand we If Wyoming. in here win to going are we today, help your With caucuses. eight last the of out seven won we've — Wyoming penalty. death the ending without system justice criminal broken our reform properly can’t We everywhere. hour an dollars 15 … @LuisSepulvedaNY Rico Puerto for plan best the provides Bernie @AdaFreiria: RT @BenJealous - incarceration." mass for price a paying is 24 and 18 between American every "Virtually crisis. housing this address to more do to need We York. New in than display on more housing affordable of dearth the is Nowhere you. movement: this powering people the by shot footage featuring ad new our Watch support! their for much so Wyoming of people the thank and appreciate We https://t… @BernieSanders -- it?" need who veterans disabled and seniors of millions for benefits expand to prepared you "are @cascamike: RT nation. incarcerated most the in live now we and destroyed been have lives of Millions failed. have policies crime" on "tough that know We @RickNolanMN! support your for you Thank end. an to bring must we that failure miserable a was drugs" on "war the that clear It's " poor to assistance financial curb to effort intentional an was reform "Welfare contests. 9 last the in won have we that victory 8th the is Wyoming .@BernieSanders: @FaceTheNation: RT Office. Oval the in place no has skepticism change Climate House. White the in working from lobbyists fuels fossil ban I'll president, As once. at issue of kind every is It problem. environmental and security national health, public economic, an is change Climate Island. Coney at rally afternoon Sanders' Bernie at scene The @kronayne: RT jobs. good of millions create will and affordable, and possible is system energy clean completely a toward Transitioning Wyoming de demócratas caucus los en Clinton a gana Sanders Bernie @LaOpinionLA: RT 19: April Tuesday, on vote to plan a Make history. of bit little a make let's York, New Labor of Secretary former @RBReich, — Banks Big the and Bernie ICYMI: powerful. and wealthy the from money for beg to having without office for run can anyone so elections of funding public to move to want I Americans. average of expense the at oil big of profits the boost to rigged is It policy. energy corrupt fundamentally a have we now Right more. or $100,000 $50,000, of debt student with punished not education, an getting for rewarded be should People America. in racket prison private the to end an put must We daughters. and sons our imprisoning by profits making be not should Corporations agree: you if Sign sense. makes that that thinks nobody and people, up locking year a billion $80 spending We're crazy. pretty That's heroin. alongside drug one schedule a is marijuana Act, Substance Controlled Federal the under now, Right agree: you if Sign decide. states let and substances controlled of list federal the off marijuana take to time is It safe. it make can regulation of amount No change. climate worsens and quality air degrades water, pollutes Fracking fuel. fossil a it’s fuel,” "bridge a isn’t gas Natural crisis. climate the of out way our frack can we think to wrong It’s heard: voice your make and there get to plan a have you sure Make away. days 8 just is primary York New The democracy. American of foundations the maintaining about serious are we if United Citizens overturn must We democracy. restore to action taking people see to Glad money. big by dominated is gov't our that understand Americans Buffalo. SUNY at @BernieSanders awaits arena packed jammed A @DannyEFreeman: RT leave. family paid to access has everyone where country a in live can we that us show California see to Glad democracy! That's country. this of future the determining in heard be voice their demanding are country this over all people Young country." this over fracking…all to end an put to need "We Sanders: Bernie @ABC: RT equity. pay need We Shameful. men? to compared dollar the on cents 79 earning and work to going are women that it is Why gap. a not gulf, pay a face who color of women for worse even is disparity pay The cents. 55 just is women Latina for figure The earns. male white a dollar every for cents 60 just earn women African-American fracking? ban @HillaryClinton will president, As frack. don't leaders Climate @350action: RT fraud. on based is system financial the that world whole the to acknowledged just Sachs Goldman democracy. our reclaim and election this win to help your need I primary, York New the until week a With leadership. need We enough. good not is Evolving brainer. no a was it because start the from pipeline Keystone the opposed I … NY Syracuse, in rally campaign @BernieSanders at speaks Dawson Rosario LIVE: WATCH @ThisWeekABC: RT jail. in be should They people. American the defrauding for breaks tax getting be shouldn't executives Sachs Goldman unacceptable. is That care. abortion access to women for difficult more and more it made has right-wing extreme the years, 40 past the For disgrace. national a is door clinic the at harassment face and appointment an for weeks wait miles, of hundreds travel women Making @BernieSanders ✌️✌️ @steveaoki: RT world. the throughout standards living lift but country, this in wages raise only not which policies trade fair adopt to need We interests. big-money upon dependent are you if class middle the and families working for fight and stand can’t You States? United the except right a as people their of all to care health guarantees earth on country major every that happen it does How people. over profits put who companies from lands tribal protect to fight to continue will I president, As class.” “billionaire the them calls Bernie royalists.” “economic them called He elite. era’s his battled Roosevelt fail. to big too were they because out them bailed we when than larger are country this in banks largest four the of out three Today https://t.… NYT: the for op-ed an in @BernieSanders colleague endorsing he's why explains Oregon, from senator Merkley, Jeff @nytopinion: RT President. for Sanders Bernie endorses Bern, the feels 100 Local TWU @TWULocal100: RT workers! w/ standing for @BernieSanders you Thank @CWADennis: RT line. picket the on up shows Bernie releases. press send politicians Some too 2003, in back workers Verizon joined He lines. picket to stranger no is .@BernieSanders @jamieson: RT contempt. their welcome I class. billionaire the in friends their and Immelt McAdam, of support the want don’t I Baltimore. and Buffalo like cities in investing start and employees their of jobs the destroying stop they that is about care I What union. a have don’t who millions for but workers Verizon for just not justice for up standing You're today. strike on those to you Thank them: elect us Help @ZephyrTeachout. and @pramilaj @LucyFlores, like Congress in progressives strong need We 11:30/10:30c. us! joins @BernieSanders : @nightlyshow: RT https://t… requested @berniesanders study @USGAO a to according taxes, federal no pays corporations profitable 5 in 1 @danielmarans: RT plan: a Make primary. York's New win we if be can momentum our what imagine but – incredible is momentum This … fracking." support "to continues and supports Clinton Hillary Sanders: Bernie @PolitiFact: RT weekend this knock door to volunteers on calling director field with starts rally .@BernieSanders @brigidbergin: RT Bernie: for Park Square Washington York’s New to out come thousands as live Watch @NinaTurner - NOW.” is time the and right is cause “The anywhere!"-@lsarsou… it make you NY, in it make you if know, We high. heads our hold &amp; 19th April on up wake to have "We @Latinos4Bernie: RT Bernie - back!" be to great it's and kids were we when City York New left I and "Jane Unbelievable. revolution. political our join to tonight out came who Yorkers New 27,000 than more the to you Thank should. they taxes the pay marketplace the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most together. this in all We're @People4Bernie: RT values. York New have I @TedCruz, what guess and Sanders Born’ ‘Brooklyn Bernie me, It’s discourse. political our in that like language for room no There's insensitive. and inappropriate was comment Song's Dr. interests. special powerful just not us, of all for works that government a create we that means socialism Democratic strike! workers contract federal BREAKING: @GoodJobsNation: RT union. a and hour an $15 demanding today are who workers the applaud I “pie-in-the-sky.” or unrealistic was wage minimum $15 a that us told establishment the ago, long too Not answer. an for “no” take to refused people working of millions by led movement grassroots a But Oregon. and York New California, Francisco, San Angeles, Los Seattle, in progress making We’re wage. living a of dignity the enjoy can country this in everyone that so successes these on building about is campaign This us: Join to going we’re weekend This calls. million 2 volunteers. 15,000 hours. 48 time. vacation paid or leave sick paid leave, family paid of form some workers its guarantee doesn’t that economy advanced only the are We money. Street Wall reject who candidates elect we until change will Nothing statement: Full lawsuit. access voter Arizona in partners campaign Sanders lifetime. a of struggle the it's day, a of struggle the isn't rights our for struggle The right: is .@RosarioDawson today: Bernie for vote to Commit Tuesday. on in come results the as watching be will country entire the – York New . a like campaign Bernie watch and now right Brooklyn CNN the the to in Tune simple. and Plain money. for PACs super and billionaires on dependent become have politicians our that idea the like not do People here: page issues her contradict to Seems politics? in influence no has money believe @HillaryClinton Does interests. big-money upon dependent you're if class middle the and families working for fight and stand can’t You out. them bailed and Street Wall with sided Clinton Hillary greed, Street’s Wall of because jobs their lost Americans of millions When ? just not why speeches, Street Wall Clinton's Hillary in bad nothing there's If Watch: out.” it “cut to Street Wall telling speech Clinton’s Hillary from excerpt an is This joke. No days. 70 for it” into “looking been Hillary’s none. were There Street. Wall to gave he speeches the of all released has Bernie hour. an $15 to wage minimum federal the raise Let's enough. not is $12 @HillaryClinton. up, standing are people of Millions @HillaryClinton. both, be can’t It it. against or wage minimum federal hour an $15 a for be either can You https://… fundraiser? high-$ a at them with standing mean that does lobby. gun the to up stand to need we says clinton sec. @cascamike: RT it: against spoke Bernie bill, crime the in incarceration mass for campaigning was @HillaryClinton While not. does Bernie fracking. supports Clinton Hillary steps. small just not changes, bold need We enough. far go not does change climate address to plan Clinton's Hillary tra… Street Wall the release should @HillaryClinton today: it say I'll returns, tax @MittRomney's about 2012 in this Said @MartinOMalley: RT side. their on already is she because her to donate They side. their on her get to @HillaryClinton for money bundling aren't lobbyists Gas Clinton: Hillary carbon? on tax a support you Do Q: record. the on one that wanted Just @HillaryClinton – people." Libyan the help to deal great a did we think "I dignity. and respect with people Palestinian the treat to have to going are we peace, achieve to going are we If other. the or one just not Palestine, and Israel BOTH includes That world. the in anywhere killed are innocents when concerned be should We us: Join . to left days 5 have only We ? the watching you Are please. segment, this right. Damn free? tuition universities and colleges Public electability. that's Now Trump. Donald against tested when poll major every in Clinton Hillary outperforms Sanders Bernie CAMPAIGN. PEOPLE’S A IS THAT Money. Big or Street Wall on dependent Not contribution. a $27 3% – Sanders Bernie 51% – Clinton Hillary contributors: wealthy maxed-out from money Campaign compromise. to willing is Bernie where issue an not is Abortion you. Thank Tuesday. on vote go – York New us. of all for works that government a create and back fight up, stand must people of Millions all. us for work government the that demand and democracy our back take to going we're help, your With 19! April on vote York, New accomplish. cannot we that nothing is there back, fight and up stand we if people, American the up wake we If https://… of Anniversary 25th the on Reflections Economy: Moral a of Urgency The on @BernieSanders Senator @CasinaPioIV: RT Annus Centesimus of Anniversary 25th the on Reflections Economy: Moral a of Urgency The common. in have we values the show words his ways the are Here Francis. Pope by speech a annotated I together. this in all We’re details: for here Check 2. May through today Bernie for vote early can you – Indiana much. too is Americans all for hour an $15 but Street, Wall from hour an $200,000 take to ok it's believe Some info: More Bernie! for vote to 16 April Saturday, TOMORROW, by vote to registered be must you – Rico Puerto info: Más Bernie! por votar para registrarte para abril de 16 sábado mañana hasta ¡tienes — Rico Puerto pattern. a be to seems This them. disparaging not politics, in involved get to people young encouraging be should We location. polling your for 82623 to NY Text plan. a have you sure Make 19. April TUESDAY, on vote you – York New support. should policy public that something not is greed of sake the for greed But rewarded. be should success business and Innovation control. under spending care health getting toward way long a go will all for Medicare control. of out are costs care Health Saturday. on Vatican the at met Sanders Bernie Sen. and Francis Pope and action take to Congress on call and families, their and veterans our Join @TulsiGabbard: RT veterans. for benefits cut to efforts latest the reject firmly must we and war, of cost a is veterans our of care Taking benefits. those deserve and earned veterans Our bill. GI the cut shouldn't We … económica justicia y moralidad de mensaje su agradece y Papa al visita .@BernieSanders @UniPolitica: RT : and calls million 2 reach Let’s effort. grassroots strong a need we’ll but York, New win can We in. believe to future a build to again time our it's York: New like. looks compassion what all us showed and Lesbos visited Francis Pope morning, this Vatican the left we After Bern! The Feels County Montgomery @BenJealous: RT arms. open with refugees welcome to call his heed should we and Americans as us inspire should love of acts Francis' Pope https://t… Rico: Puerto de deuda la con hacer qué @Residente a explica le @BernieSanders EXCLUSIVA: @UniNoticias: RT Street Wall And Firms Fuel Fossil Walmart, Represented Have That Lobbyists From Money Raising Clinton Report: New … 19th! April Tuesday, is primary NY today. @BernieSanders for volunteering peeps young of Lots @kalpenn: RT here: it submit and Bernie for voting you're why about video a Make ad! Bernie next the of part be to you want We charges. for pay to fail they when companies insurance with fighting more no and deductibles more no copays, more no means all for Medicare https:/… revolution. political his and himself depicting installations view to gallery art NYC a by stops .@BernieSanders @DannyEFreeman: RT weekend? this hour an for voters call to help your on count we Can Tuesday. on polls the to go voters York New country. major any of turnouts voter lowest the of one has democracies, oldest the of one States, United the that sad extremely is It … in TODAY hall town our at today aloha say and Come @TulsiGabbard: RT country. the across but cities, two or one in just Not hour. an bucks 15 to wage minimum the raise to need We today? voters call help you Can York. New into calls million 2 weekend: this for goal audacious very a set We him. with time some spend to I and wife my for honor real a was It Francis. Pope with meet to opportunity the had I … too!" day beautiful a Tuesday make "Let's @BernieSanders: day!" beautiful a "It's Park: Bridge Brooklyn in Man @Yamiche: RT else. anyone with journey this on embarked have not could I board. sounding a and soulmate a is .@janeosanders https:… . in Houses Howard of tour a on I &amp; @RitchieTorres @JumaaneWilliams, joining for @BernieSanders thank I @BPEricAdams: RT earthquakes. devastating these from recover they as Japan and Ecuador of people the with solidarity and condolences our express We address. to got have we that America over all and York New in crisis housing affordable an is There http… "historic." is visit his says Torres Ritchie Councilman Bklyn. Brownsville, in housing public tours .@BernieSanders @DannyEFreeman: RT housing. dilapidated in live to forced be not should people world, the of history the in country wealthiest the In here: live to in Tune support! your for @SallyKohn you Thank you! Thank yet. rally largest our – Brooklyn Park, Prospect to out came 28,356 Whoa! @TheLastWord @anniekarni Brownsville. in housing @NYCHA touring for @BernieSanders you Thank @RitchieTorres: RT … @TulsiGabbard 📷 BETTER!" THE FOR -- US OF ALL FOR country this transform can "We @sallykohn: RT consciousness. raising substantially for movement Matter Lives Black the to gratitude of debt a owe We end). the ’til minutes five the around sticking worth it’s yeah, (And, you for message a has .@SpikeLee crumbling? is Flint in system water our but Iraq in war a fighting dollars of trillions spending are we that happen it does How Garner Erica — system." justice criminal the against up go to scared not He's protester. a is "Bernie accountable. GE hold and up it clean must We River. Hudson the into chemicals dangerous dumped GE years, 30 For forward. move to DAPA allow should Court Supreme The steps. first good are actions immigration president’s The York. New to Pennsylvania from gas fracked carry would that Pipeline Constitution proposed the oppose strongly I support. his for him thank I justice. social for fight the in clout celebrity his used has .@MrDannyGlover fuels. fossil from divest schools their demanding for NYU and Columbia at students the with solidarity in stand us Let htt… president. next our as him support to prouder feel couldn't I justice. to commitment a shared long have I and Bernie @mrdannyglover: RT Watch: Brooklyn. in up growing about me with talks @BernieSanders Yorker New Original @MarkRuffalo: RT compasión. la de significado el todos a mostró nos y Lesbos a viajó Francisco Papa el Vaticano, al visita nuestra de Después crisis. housing affordable the address to ever than determined more away came I Brownsville. visited I Sunday, On vote. to plan a Make history. political modern in upset shocking most the be it’d tomorrow, York New in win we If ago. hours four steps 10,000 hit We Queens. in around walking .@BernieSanders @Yamiche: RT day. all Yorkers New meeting been Bernie's Astoria, through and Heights Jackson to Bronx, the to Manhattan, From Street. Wall to speech one in did Clinton Sec. than Senator a as year one in less made I that is returns tax my in find you'll What … @BernieSanders con tuve que conversación la comparto Acá Sanders. Bernie and Residente between conversation A @Residente: RT City: Island Long in supporters York New addresses .@BernieSanders @MSNBC: RT tomorrow polls to head voters before City Island Long in @BernieSanders for rally York New Final @LaurenBlanch12: RT htt… tonight @BernieSanders w spirit that felt I justice. social for community beloved a building was King Dr. ago yrs 50 @mrdannyglover: RT world. the throughout and Haiti in but States, United the in only not wage minimum the increase must We refugiados. a abiertos brazos de recibir y llamado su escuchar a estadounidenses los a inspirar deben Francisco Papa del amor de actos Los families. their and wounded those of all to condolences deepest my send I today. Jerusalem in attack terrorist horrific the condemn I justice. face must responsible those and end an to come must that violence of cycle a continue attacks These that. of part a be to want I before. never like people energizing is .@BernieSanders @RitchieTorres: RT PM. 9 at close Polls vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — York New at up it look or location and time voting your find to 82623 to NY Text today! vote you York: New PM. 9 las a cierran casillas Las votar. a amigos y familia tu a Lleva movimiento! nuestro por votar de turno tu ¡Es — York Nueva vote. to out get York New in supporters Bernie sure make Help vote! and there out get to shot your away throw Don't York! New morning, Good @janeosanders: RT York! New in today Sanders Bernie Vote important. is Bernie for vote single Every now: voters York New to calls Make York! New win to today help your need We https:/… everywhere. injustice Fight canvass. I while me following words @es_snipes find to Happy @BKforBernie: RT vote. Go revolution! political the of part is State Empire the that clear it make let's — York New democracy? in participate to people for hard so it making we are Why disgrace. a is This @kartpath: RT us. stop can that nothing nothing, nothing, is there united are people When America. transform to time the is Now nationwide. fracking out phase to need we air, clean and water drinking clean and safe about serious are we If imagen! esta comparte y ¡Escribe NY? de Primaria la en hoy Bernie por ¿Votaste image! this share and Use ? NY the in today Bernie for Voting heard. voice your Make America. in equality and freedom of heart the at is vote to right The today. vote you York: New hotline. our Call issues? or Questions family. and friends your Bring vote. to turn your it's York, New brutality. police ended we time It's louder. grown only have chants The justice. no have still we killed was Gray Freddie after year One information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text York! New in vote and out get to time have still You vote! and out Get time!! have Still NY! ET pm 9 at close Polls @kendrick38: RT ad! Bernie next the our in be to it submit and Bernie, support you why us telling video a Make ht… there. in Hang you. needs Bernie LINE. IN STAY 9pm by line in you're If open! still are Polls @Latinos4Bernie: RT week. next voting states more five to Onward York! New in tonight out came who those all to you Thank Unacceptable. decimated. been have housing affordable build that programs federal decade, past the Over revolution art an inspired Sanders Bernie How @Salon: RT poverty. in lives week a hours 40 works who nobody where economy an create can we world the of history the in country wealthiest the In support. your for 1999 Local Steelworkers United you, Thank Tubman. Harriet than honor this of deserving more hero American an of think cannot I class. billionaire the to up stand to guts the and agenda the record, track the has who candidate a is today need we What suit. follow to begin will states other hope I yesterday. forfeiture civil abolishing by direction right the in step big a took Nebraska democracy. American of foundations the maintaining about serious are we if United Citizens overturn must We merch: union-made-in-America your Get revolution. political our fund helps store Bernie The lowest. the of one not world, the in turnouts voter highest the of one have country our see to want I boldly. act to have we and now, act to have We crisis. planetary a is change Climate national. that make must We hour. an $15 wage minimum their made have who America across states and cities have we Today right. and left off ripped getting are We fact. a just That's drugs. prescription for world the in price highest the far by pay We location. polling your find to visit Please person. in vote early and register to day last the is today – Maryland … Pennsylvania Scranton, in hall town in" Believe to Future "A holds @BernieSanders LIVE: @MSNBC: RT how. out find to visit Please Bernie. for vote to online register to chance last your is today – Connecticut there. up growing like was it what about talked and York New Brooklyn, through walk a took Bernie and .@MarkRuffalo yours: Submit YOU! historic: campaign this makes what of videos include to want and ad new a making We're Smile! revenge. taking with obsession unhealthy Emanuel’s Rahm be to appears removal LaRaviere's Troy Principal Chicago for explanation only The pettiness. Emanuel’s Mayor against up stand to country the around Democrats on call and reassignment LaRaviere’s Principal condemn I shift: a for up Sign can. we as voters many as to talk to goal huge a setting we’re and Tuesday on vote states Five @JoeBiden President Vice - can.” we because more,’ much do can ‘We saying, of idea the like “I greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and planet our destroying literally is industry fuel fossil the of greed The there. get to plan a us show but coverage, care health universal of idea the to commit only not should candidates all and Clinton Sec. Americans. all for right a is care health where nation a create can We world. the of history the in country wealthiest the are We have. we know we potential the fulfill we which in nation a envision to courage the having about is campaign This workers: the Support tax. income federal pay not and jobs outsource benefits, health employees' cut to wants Verizon celebrate! who brothers and sisters my to Passover Happy grandchildren. and kids our of all for planet livable healthy, a leave to together work Let's ! Happy Center. Detention Family Berks the down shut to Time families. up locking of business the in be shouldn't gov't The https:/… picture a for staff Asks # at troops to monuments visiting of point makes .@BernieSanders @maryaliceparks: RT tax. carbon a enact and change climate fight to action bold take must We enough. not but step important an is deal climate Paris the Signing right. exactly is president vice The home. as know they country the in be legally to right the deserve who kids American – are they who for DREAMers recognize should We disgrace. national a is This States. United the in homeless are people 565,000 almost night, given any On years. 15 or 10 just not permanently, affordable remain should subsidies government with built is that Housing https:… center detention immigrant family Pennsylvania down" shut to "time it's says Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT today. food buy to money enough have not do they because tonight dinner skip may seniors American million 4 nearly is reality sad The today? it do we can't hell the why ago, years 50 it do could We tuition-free. be must America in education university and college Public 1863. in address famous his delivered Lincoln Abraham President where site the visited Bernie Jealous Ben and Glover Danny featuring rally holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT https… envisioned: have would Lincoln what not PACs Super says @BernieSanders Gettysburg, At WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT lenders. just not and borrowers for work industries credit and banking the make to reform score credit real need We stop Baltimore during declares Sanders sentence,’ death a is ‘Poverty @WPJohnWagner: RT vote. to right the exercise to choose you if people powerful enormously are you of All in. it rein to order in justice for up standing us of all take will it and country, this on scourge a is greed Corporate here: Register you! on counting I'm vote. to register to days few a got only you've – Oregon injustice. and inequality stark of economy an and politics broken and corrupt with satisfied longer no are youth Our countries. low-wage to go jobs their see not and benefits, decent wages, decent earn to deserves country this of class working The unsustainable. and immoral as economy this of foundations the reject must we little, so have many so and much, so have few so when time a At ideas. their on based people elect to right the have should we democracy, a In auctions. be not should Elections speech. free not is Money endorsement. their for Workers Electrical United the of members 35,000 the thank I Center. Detention Family County Berks the down shut to overdue long is it time the that me to clear It's Island. Rhode Providence, of streets the on supporters greets Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT fiction. pure coal: clean like is fracking Safe grandchildren. our and planet, our NY, for win A today! Reading in conversation and kickoff canvassing our for out came who everyone to Thanks system. care health Medicare-for-all a need We country. this in provided is care health how in revolution a need We immoral. is it wrong, only not is That earn. workers typical what times 300 over make America in corporations largest the of CEOs the Today, employees. his for radical too is hour an bucks 15 Yet million. $8 nearly to million $ from up go pay his saw CEO McDonald's 2015, In strength. is It intelligence. is It weakness. not is war a avoid to can we everything doing and Diplomacy priorities. national our change to going are we sisters, and Brothers movement: our Join us. Not Street. Wall and billionaires from checks with campaigns their funding are opponents Our percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as nearly owns percent 1 of one-tenth top the grotesquely, and Unbelievably, it! miss Don't ET. 8PM at TONIGHT @BernieSanders with hall town a hosts .@chrislhayes @allinwithchris: RT Philadelphia. of people working the not taxes, their in increase an see who top on people the be should It https://t.… wealthy. the on taxes raising by Philadelphia in preschool universal finance to sense more much make would It @GunnelsWarren: RT veterans. disabled and seniors for benefits Security Social cut not will we no, Republicans: the tell must we clearly, and Loudly https:… @MaxEhrenfreund via shows, poll politics, about think millennials how changing is Sanders @WPJohnWagner: RT doctor. a to go to money the finding about worry to have shouldn't you sick, you're When country. this in change for agents greatest the been have Americans young of idealism and intelligence energy, The issues. real about talk to unwillingness an and bites sound six-second is media for model The shameful. is This poverty. in living be not should week a hours 40 works who someone that say to idea radical a is it believe don’t I vote: to plan a Make tomorrow! vote you – Island Rhode and Pennsylvania Delaware, Connecticut, Maryland, making. the in history join and location voting your to Get vote. we today — Island Rhode and Pennsylvania Delaware, Connecticut, Maryland, location. your for 82623 to FIND Text Bernie? for vote to where know Don't today! vote you DE: and MD CT, RI, PA, you. to do them have would you what others to do religions: great the all in exists which vision a by motivated I'm issue. that address must plan care health Any care. health without Americans of millions of tens leave to unjust and immoral It's vote: is DE or MD CT, RI, PA, in live you if today do can you thing important most The campaign. people’s a is This revolution. political a into country this lead to going are you world the tell and forward go – Pennsylvania polls? the to them get and today voters call you Can win. will we turnout, voter large a is there If image! this share and Use today? primary DE or MD CT, RI, PA, the in today Bernie for Voting people. the for and people the by people, the of government a create to day primary this on vote Go vote! go and friend a Grab all. it have cannot class billionaire the clear and loud say to going are we Today, Bernie. for vote go and location voting your for 82623 to FIND Text vote! go to time have still you DE: and MD CT, RI, PA, revolution! political our for voting and out turning for you thank Island: Rhode Nothing. utopian. or pie-in-the-sky is that campaign this in said we've nothing is there something: you tell me Let situation. economic anyone’s of regardless all to available be should education An diploma. school high new the is degree college A change. must That transgender. being for housing someone deny to or gay being for someone fire to legal is it states, many In crimes. non-violent for destroyed been have lives many Too sentencing. minimum end to need We together. families keep to need we and country our in immigrants undocumented of millions the for citizenship to path a provide to need We direction. wrong the in gone has it Unfortunately, the in wealth of redistribution massive a been there's decades few last the In here: live in Tune rally. Indiana Bloomington, the at at stage the take to about is Bernie America. transforming about is it significantly, more Far president. a electing about just not is election This you. about is This Trump. Donald or Clinton Hillary Sanders, Bernie about not is This people. of millions of made movement a is This nurses. than lower rate tax effective an paying up end billionaires where situation a have don’t we so tax income progressive a need We right. a as care health guarantee would system Medicare-for-all A insurance. health no have still Americans million 29 unions. empowering and workplaces safe creating to recommit and conditions, working unsafe to lost we've those remember we Today you. on count We will. Never have. Never money. for billionaires and millionaires hustling around go don't We here: live in Tune Rally. In Believe to Future Oregon Eugene, the at stage the taking is Bernie Bernie. for vote to 10 May Tuesday, by Democrat a as vote to registered be must you remember, Mexico: New change. a for Time year. a $118,500 makes who someone as Security Social into money of amount same the pays billionaire a now Right billionaires. of handful a from government our back take to people our mobilize can we whether is about is campaign this What here: Start campaign. our help to do can you things impact highest of one is voters Calling win? Bernie help to Want 18. over everyone for registration voter automatic for fight will they that clear it make gotta has Party Democratic The https:/… Lowest Has @BernieSanders While Latinos, with Unfavorables Highest Has @realDonaldTrump Candidates: of Poll National @LatinoUSA: RT responsibly. it do will I but nation, this defend will I commander-in-chief, and president As percent. 1 the just not us, of all for works that economy an create to going are we millionaires, to breaks tax giving of Instead fracking. ban must We communities. poor hurts Fracking knew. already we what admits industry fracking The Street? Wall and Pharma Big or poor the and sick the with stand gonna you are is: polls the at yourselves ask gotta you’ve question The jobs. manufacturing paying good 113,000 lost has Indiana 1994, in NAFTA of passage the Since reminder: a for up Sign 3. May Tuesday, this Bernie for vote you – Indiana Bernie. for Oregon winning to committed are you that class billionaire the show let’s – Oregon https:… @SenSanders trade!" on that blame can you and empty, plants shattered, towns see you &amp; state this around "Look @steelworkers: RT today: ago year a candidacy presidential his announced Sanders Bernie @ThisWeekABC: RT president. for campaign my endorsing for 1999 Local @SteelWorkers United thank to want I politics. presidential of history the in campaign grassroots largest the become have we Together, workers: with Stand abroad. jobs American 2,100 move to wants – company dollar multi-billion a — Technologies United here: deadline FEC midnight our before in Chip revolution. political our for day important very a is Today in. it rein to order in justice for up standing us of all take will it and country, this on scourge a is greed Corporate hungry. go country this in children while breaks tax huge get to continue can’t you class: billionaire the to message clear a sending are We in? you count we Can Indiana. in Bernie for delegate and vote possible every win to hard working We're percent. 1 top the to gone has crash Street Wall the since income new all of percent 58 when wrong profoundly something is There it. afford not could they because filled prescriptions their get not could Americans million 35 year, Last lobby. industry drug the to up stand to willing aren’t officials elected their because just medication without go shouldn't People . Happy day. every for strive all should we something and economy, moral and just a of heart the at are rights workers and wages Fair countries. low-wage to go jobs their see not and benefits decent wages, decent earn to deserves country this of class working The forward: path and success our discuss we as in Tune ago. year a campaign this of beginning the announced We Bernie! for voting to committed you're know us Let 10. May Tuesday, on day primary from away weeks 2 than less We’re margins. the at tinkering by that get gonna not we're And change. real need We enough. not is quo status the reality: the Here's here: live in Tune rally. a for Indiana Bend, South in is Bernie work. for looking are millions while China to jobs our sending continue can’t you clear: and loud America corporate to say must We Street. Wall on gambling reckless not cars, and homes purchase to need who Americans to loans affordable providing about be should Banking tax. speculation Street Wall a with tuition-free universities and colleges public attend country this in kids help to Street Wall want I products. financial esoteric on gambling by possible as profit much as making about be shouldn't It again. boring banking make to want I dign… the of issue the for also but unemployed, adults young of rate high the of because labour, of problem grave the is There @Pontifex: RT marginales. pasos dando obtener a vamos lo no Y transformador. cambio un Necesitamos pésima. es actual situación la verdad: la es Esta few. so by controlled is wealth that of much when families working to nothing means that but earth, on country richest the in live We next.” the politics of out money big get to vow and day one system finance campaign broken a exploit cannot "You abroad. jobs of millions shipping they're while programs social cut to trying corporations large of tired and Sick fund. they candidates the and class billionaire the on take can we together stand people when that is showing is campaign this What history. primary Democratic Indiana in turnout voter biggest the it make Let's 3. May tomorrow, vote you – Indiana h… Indy Downtown in rally @BernieSanders at crowd of 2/3 (maybe) capture only panos these Surprisingly, @MichaelAdams317: RT hour. an $15 to wage starvation a from wage minimum the raising by workers American million 53 than more of wages the increase to need We status! registration vote-by-mail your Check primary. 7th June the before Bernie for EARLY VOTE can you California: PM. 6 at close Polls vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your it's — Indiana now: right polls the to out voters get to calls Make today! well do to help your need We years. 18 for American eligible every to owed benefit single every pay can and trillion $ than more of surplus a has Security Social Security. Social strengthen to little do and 15% about by benefits Security Social lifetime reduce would 70 to age retirement the Raising at up it look or location voting your find to 82623 to Indiana Text today! vote you Indiana: parties. state to money Fund" "Victory transfer campaign: Clinton the Tell ht… parties state the to money Fund Victory transfer Campaign: Clinton the tell turn! your petition, this signed just I @shailenewoodley: RT today. hour an $26 than more be would it 1968, since inflation and productivity with up kept had wage minimum the If o… head and location polling your find to 82623 to Indiana Text Bernie! for vote and out get to late too not It's – Indiana @gardengn0me: RT @BernieSanders propone hora la $15 vivir", puede se que el con salario un crear a "Vamos @UniPolitica: RT you. Thank Indiana! in wins revolution political The $27: in Chip values. progressive for fight our continue will we that message powerful a sends contribution Your year. a billion $ over by programs other and housing public stamps, food on spending reduce would hour an $15 to wage min. the Increasing country. our in equity pay need we earns, man a dollar every for cents 79 earn workers women when time a At company. chemical huge this for booming is business – food in GMOs about know to right our against fights Monsanto why mystery no is It Virginia: West in voters call us Help today. politics American in change for force powerful most the we're Together, country. this of president become never must who someone Trump, Donald defeat and on take to than more like would I nothing is There win. would I confident am I him. beat to campaign best the we're and stopped, be must Trump sisters. and brothers undocumented our protect and embrace to immigrants, of country a as duty, our is It @npr @MorningEdition @BernieSanders with talk full our Read @NPRinskeep: RT poverty. in living are Americans million 47 world, the of history the in country wealthiest the today, States United the In here: Virginia West in Poverty on remarks my Read America. in sentence death a is poverty often, too Far poverty. in living children American of percent 22 almost with earth on country major any of rate poverty childhood highest the have We provider. care health mental a or dentist a doctor, a to access have to likely less are you means poverty in living today, America In change. to got has and unacceptable That's years. 85 is it away, hours six Just 73. is McDowell in woman a for expectancy life average The country. our for reality a it’s — slogan campaign a just not is This economics. establishment and politics establishment for late too is It neighborhood: your in canvass a Host up! coming is California in Action of Weekend Women's Our percent. 1 top the to going income new all almost seeing and wages lower for hours longer working of tired are people American The issues economic poverty, discuss to mcdowell visits sanders .@wvgazettemail: @cascamike: RT care health to approach right the has Sanders Bernie say doctors 2,000 @Wonkblog: RT interests. special wealthy and powerful on dependent being without campaign a run can you that world the showing We're future!! the about he's election, this about just not is @BernieSanders @iammrvandy: RT gender. their of regardless other each love to right the have should people country, this In Unidos. Estados a transformar de trata se — importante más mucho algo Es presidente. próximo al elegir de sólo tan trata se no elección Esta corporations. large just not workers, American of interests the protect that agreements trade for fight to got We've care health to approach right the has Sanders Bernie say doctors 2,000 @washingtonpost: RT voice. union a for vote to workers Canada VICE urge I job. the on people working of voices the and unions of role the strengthen must We Kasich? John of news under victory Bernie's bury @nytimes the did Why @Salon: RT America. in realized fully is equality of promise the until rights disability and rights gay rights, women’s for fight the pursue must We 🔥 and one The @kendrick38: RT nationwide. fracking out phase to need we air, clean and water drinking clean and safe about serious are we If tuition-free. universities and colleges public make to going are we world, the in workforce best-educated the need we when time a At States. United the in same the do should we people, their all to care health guarantees earth on country major every when time a At world! our change &amp; empower inspire, who the all to you Thank @amnesty: RT better. do must and can We underinsured. are numbers greater even and insurance health without remain Americans million 29 Today, countries. low-wage to move and country this in plants down shut to America corporate enabling policies trade disastrous the rewrite must We @BernieSanders! with interview @maddow's watch to 9pmET at tonight MSNBC to in Tune @MSNBC: RT earth. on country any than jail in people more have to us enables that system justice criminal broken a of tired are people American The unacceptable. is laws labor international undermine to attempt International's Air Norwegian time. on doctor a to get to afford can't they because country this in year every die who people of thousands have we that is reality sad The donors? right-wing Bush's Jeb courting you’re when people working for up stand to going you're say you can How neighborhood: your in canvass a Host up! coming is California in Action of Weekend Women's Our abortion. an have to right woman’s a including bodies, own their control to women of right fundamental the defend and protect must We Bernie. vote Trump, stop to want you If hours. non-traditional work who parents for especially families, working for childcare affordable quality to access ensure to need We disgraceful. are vote to not Virginians West asking remarks Trump's vote. to right a have us of all that sure make to died and fought People eso. cambiar de momento el Llegó año. al $118,500 ganó que alguien que Social Seguro al cantidad misma la paga multimillonario Un Bernie. for vote to 10 May Tuesday, by Democrat a as vote to registered be must you Mexico: New otherwise. prove States United the in lost jobs 850,000 recently. creator job a as NAFTA touted have Some here: online RSVP to sure Make tomorrow. Jersey New in rally a for me Join issues. real on discussions real hear to entitled are people American the maybe nation, a as that think they if media the ask gotta have We lucro. de fines con cárceles las con acabar Debemos campaign: our Join happen. gonna Ain’t president. being Trump about nervousness is there know I @JaneOSanders! to Day Mother's Happy workers. non-union than more substantially earn benefits and wages higher for bargain collectively to able are who Workers union. a form to country the across workers for easier it make and rights bargaining collective expand to need We system. care health Medicare-for-All a through child and woman, man, every for right a care health make to need We questions? any Have ballot? your in turned you Have Primary. Democratic Oregon the for period voting the in We’re City! Atlantic to revolution political the bring Bernie watch to now in Tune well. as succeed to need they what have workers that ensuring means economy energy clean a to Transitioning Registration! Voter about talk to HQ Angeles Los our by stopping for @Francesca_E and @Frances_Fisher to Thanks change. incremental than more demands revolution our that tomorrow message unmistakable an send – Virginia West here: Register revolution. political the for vote to Democrat a as register to day last the is TOMORROW – Mexico New @colbertlateshow. the to EST 11:35pm at tonight in Tune law. outrageous this overturn to can I all do will I world. the in place no has discrimination Transgender 7! June on Bernie for vote to ballot Democratic a request or Democrat a as registered you're sure make – California here: RSVP and details See Sacramento! in tonight rally our to forward Looking place: polling your to get to plan a Make revolution. political the for vote to turn your is tomorrow Virginia: West https://… at it into getting really are supporters LIVE: WATCH @CBSSacramento: RT vote. go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your it's and open are polls the — Virginia West plan: my Read 2025. year the by the in epidemic HIV the ending of goal national a set will I president, As system. care health universal a create and nation industrialized major other every join to time It’s … Anything! Me Ask Sanders. Bernie by endorsed and WA-07, in Congress for running Jayapal, Pramila I'm @PramilaJayapal: RT initiative. this supporting by can California of people the Pharma, Big to up stand to failed has Congress While register: to here Check Democrat. a as register to day last the is Today Bernie? for voting on planning – Mexico New Act Relief Price Drug CA endorses @BernieSanders BREAKING: @AIDSHealthcare: RT vote! go is today do can you thing important most single the – Virginia West up. us dividing trump always will together people bringing that understand people American The Trump. beat to candidate strongest the is Bernie clear: be to continues Polling Enough’ Good ‘Not Proposal Buy-In Medicare Clinton’s Sanders: @bpolitics: RT visit or location voting your find to 82623 to WV Text vote! go to time have still you Virginia: West leave. medical and family paid of weeks 12 least at has country this in worker every that sure make to need We today. us gave they victory tremendous the for Virginia West of people the to you Thank economy. productive job-creating the in invests Street Wall that demand and Glass-Steagall, restore banks, too-big-to-fail up break must We margins. large extraordinarily by often and Trump, Donald against Clinton Hillary out-polled has Bernie months, For Bernie? for ballot your in turned you Have primary. Democratic the for period voting the in you're – Oregon registration. your update or vote to register to time the Now's corner. the around just is primary California The taxes. of share fair their paying start gonna are country this in people wealthiest the inequality, income and wealth massive of time a At Trump. Donald beat to suited best is campaign Our votes. Independent the of lot a get we votes, Democratic the of lot a get we do only Not $15. of wage living a to wage minimum the raise must We hour. an $12 or $10 $7, on by it make cannot they that us telling are Workers Montana Billings, in rally campaign a holds @BernieSanders Now: Live @MSNBC: RT Street. Wall on tax speculation a imposing by that for pay and tuition-free universities and colleges public make to need We poverty. in live should week a hours 40 working country this in person no that say to idea radical a not is It Security. Social expand to going we’re savings, retirement no have workers older all of half over when time a At all. for care health guarantee and made has it that improvements the on expand must we ACA, the gutting of Instead Bernie. that's him, beat to Democrat strongest the want you If Trump. of ahead way us has poll every Virtually https:/… Status. Protective Temporary EXTEND America. Central in violence the fled who families PROTECT deportations. STOP @janeosanders: RT people. of millions of revolution political a need We class. middle the rebuild to takes it what do can alone president no that is truth The America. Central fled who those to Status Protective Temporary extending by families protect to authority executive his use to @POTUS urge I today! Dakota South across rallies wonderful the for @BernieSanders you Thank @SoDakDems: RT vote. to opportunity and time the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election promises. those keep will we president elected If community. American Native the to debt great a owe We país. este de presidente ser debe jamás que alguien Trump, Donald a vencer y enfrentar que más gustaría me Nada margins. large very by him defeat will I and him, defeat to going I'm nominee, Democratic the am I If Trump: for news bad some got I've . and drilling offshore ban to need we why That's rare. aren't one this like Spills nurses. than rate tax lower a paying from managers fund hedge stop to rules the change will I president, As 17. May Tuesday, on 8 by dropbox nearest the at Bernie for ballot your in turn – Oregon equity. pay for fight the in sisters our with stand must we Brothers, issue. that address must plan care health Any care. health without Americans of millions of tens leave to unjust and immoral It's country. major any of turnouts voter lowest the of one has democracies, oldest the of one States, United the that sad extremely is It there. up growing like was it what about talked and York New Brooklyn, through walk a took Bernie and .@MarkRuffalo today? it do we can't hell the why ago, years 50 it do could We tuition-free. be must America in education university and college Public no-violentos. crímenes de causa a destruidas sido han vidas Demasiadas obligatorias. mínimas sentencias con acabar Debemos children: and women of deportations and raids for plans halt to authority executive his use to Obama President Ask miners. coal retired 90,000 for funds pension save to legislation support to McConnell Mitch challenge Bernie Watch https://… McConnell. Mitch Sen and Bevin Matt Gov against railing by rally Kentucky train-side his begins .@BernieSanders @DannyEFreeman: RT 17. May Tuesday, on 8 by dropbox nearest the at Bernie for ballot your in turn – Oregon it. take they it, make We – economy rigged a with problem the Here's live. to place secure and safe a has everyone sure make can we Street, Wall out bail could we If homelessness. of crisis the address must We drugs. prescription their of cost high outrageously the of because bankrupt going of fear in live not should HIV/AIDS with living Americans succeed. it help to you like people needs movement Our involved. deeply be must us of all campaign, this win To Trump beat to Clinton Hillary than potential more has Sanders Bernie Polls: @AJENews: RT union. a form to workers American for harder, not easier, it make to going are we it, like not may brothers Koch the and Republicans While America. in racket prison for-profit the end must We bars. behind Americans more keeping by profit a make to allowed be not should Companies win. to allowed be cannot they war a is That country. this over all unions dismantle to war a waging been has wing right extreme The strong. is class middle the strong, are unions When Americans. all of rights bargaining collective the eliminate, not expand, to need We Californians. support and me join to Trump and Clinton urge I Pharma. Big by off ripped be to than better deserve We Photo AP | plan care health Sanders-like supports Majority Poll: @politico: RT aquí: Juan San desde VIVO EN Estamos here. LIVE hall town Rico Puerto Juan, San our for in Tune now right in live @BernieSanders crisis." this solve not will "Austerity @julito77: RT citizens… American million the help can it Street, Wall out bail could Reserve Federal the If Rico: Puerto in Bernie @GunnelsWarren: RT act. to Fed the for time is It wealthier. even billionaires make to hungry go not will Rico Puerto in Children https:… PR! help to Federal for demand the reiterating for @BernieSanders you Thank @StandupforPR: RT here: Juan San from remarks full my Read funds. vulture by unjustly hijacked be cannot Rico Puerto of future The profits. huge reap can they that so pensions cut and teachers fire Rico Puerto that is demanding are Street Wall on funds vulture What Street: Wall de intereses los de encima por boricua pueblo al poner debe Federal Reserva La petición: mi Firma out. him let Obama: President to say I independence. Rico's Puerto to commitment his for prison in years 34 served has Rivera Lopez Oscar tomorrow. 8 by box drop nearest the at ballot your return to remember – Oregon voice. a deserve They long. too far for and much, too far suffered have Americans Native country, this over All buitre". "fondos a Rico Puerto en @BernieSanders Critica @AP_Noticias: RT island. the on measures austerity demanding for funds hedge 'vulture' blasts Sanders @AP_Politics: RT vote. and box drop or location polling your to Head movement. our for voted you've sure make to day your is today – Oregon and Kentucky vote. and out go and family and friends your Grab revolution. political our for vote to turn your It's — Kentucky all for Medicare provide to How ICYMI: white. is population school the of less or percent one where nation, our in schools highly-segregated 6,727 are There diverse. economically and racially are schools our that ensure to more do must We 1988. in 2,762 was number That education. quality to access has race of regardless child every that ensure to work and Brown of promise the fulfilling to recommit must We now: voters to calls Make today! Kentucky and Oregon in win to today help your need We location: box drop your Find ballot. your return is today do can you thing important most single the – Oregon equivocada. dirección la en sido ha Desgraciadamente, Unidos. Estados en riqueza de redistribución gran una habido ha décadas últimas las En together. this in all are we simple: It's discrimination. of forms all end and sisters and brothers LGBTQ our with stand must We California: Southern to revolution political the bring we as LIVE in Tune victory! strong the for you Thank establishment. Democratic the of all virtually on taking are we together Oregon, in! people the Let doors. the Open them: to say I and decision important an make to has Party Democratic The us. about is campaign This me. about isn’t campaign This alone. this do can’t I one: day since it said I’ve Bernie: for vote to ready you're sure Make California. win to push final the of beginning the is This Fanning. Eric @SECARMY Congratulations, service. military any of leader openly-gay first the as States United the for moment historic A privilege. a not right, a is care health believe I again: it say me let so this, saying for attacked been have I class. working the win Party Republican the let we if damned be will I supporters California rallies @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT YA. actuar Debemos ellos. que importante más es Rico Puerto de Pueblo El bancarrota. su de St Wall a y Sachs Goldman a rescató Washington raise. a without long too gone have who workers of millions for forward step good a are rules overtime new The … SF downtown in protest 87 Local SEIU union, janitors' 2, Local LIVE UNITE the by stopped just .@BernieSanders @ElizLanders: RT counted. is ballot last the until this in are We tie! virtual night's last to led that support tremendous the for you thank Kentucky, greed! corporate against standing for Francisco San in SEIU and HERE! UNITE at sisters and brothers my to you Thank here: California , to live in Tune … detectors. metal the through in filing still People crowd. CA Vallejo, @BernieSanders this out Check @DannyEFreeman: RT industry. the pad to money taxpayer provide to absurd is It companies. fuel fossil benefit that subsidies the end will I president, As incarceration. and jails more not people, young our for education and jobs in investing be should country Our lobby. drug the challenge won't politicians because sick get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans now: right it Do Monday. by register gotta have you revolution, political the for vote to want you if – California tax. fair reasonable a paying without families their to wealth their of all virtually leave can families billionaire that unacceptable It's Comments Clinton’s on Statement Campaign Sanders shift: a for up Sign impact. huge a have we'll Californians, call to hour an in puts Bernie supports who everyone If people. million up locking year a billion $80 Earth. on country other any than jail in people more have we Nationally, dignity. and security with living are you week a hours 40 working you’re if that so hour, an $15 of wage living a need We America. in them manufacture better well damn they products, their buy to us want they if that America corporate tell to got have We ICYMI: race. the into got we before even Clinton backed superdelegates 450 that undemocratic and strange It's campaign! inspiring Truly revolution. political the powering is @BernieSanders how highlighting We're @drew_mc: RT unacceptable. is quo status the that say to back fight and up stand together, come people when is place takes change way only The app: new our with friends your Text movement. our in involved people of millions getting by starts revolution The pay. better and respect recognition, have to deserve They America. in work important most the doing are Teachers it. afford can’t they because so do cannot Act Leave Medical and Family the under off time take can who workers ten of out eight Nearly Rico! Puerto of fate the determine to Republicans by handpicked board control unelected an allow cannot We deserve. they that dignity and respect the with Rico Puerto of people the treating start and colony a like Rico Puerto treating stop must We Street. Wall de multimillonarios los no Rico, Puerto de futuro el decidir a derecho el tiene boricua pueblo el Sólo Mexico. and Germany like places in world the over all exists It idea. radical a not is college public Tuition-free planet. the than important more not are profits their them tell and industry fuel fossil the to up stand will who president a needs America Connect. Join media. social using supporters other with message our amplify Help him. at looking you're November, in Trump defeat gonna who's Democrat a want you If agree: polls the all Nearly Mexico New in campaigns @BernieSanders NOW: LIVE @MSNBC: RT … more. and contests primary upcoming the on @BernieSanders interview will @jaketapper : on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT too! Mexico New win gonna we’re 7, June on help your with and states, 20 in victories had now have we today, of As elections. buying billionaires Not vote. one person, one is It process. complicated a not is Democracy that. do to candidate strongest the am I and defeated, be must He country. this for disaster a be would Trump Donald that agree all We do. will we what precisely is that But change. climate combat to aggressively move cannot we that us tells industry fuel fossil The Mexico. and the between families separated for place meeting a Park, Friendship at Bernie nation. a as this understand must We issue. health a is it issue, criminal a not is – abuse drug or alcoholism – abuse Substance fundraising… fancy these to go supporters my of all not that is understand to got has leadership Dem the "what .@BernieSanders: @CNNSotu: RT super… of 7% &amp; elections real contests, real from come that delegates the of 46% get I when absurd something "There’s Sanders: @CNNSotu: RT as… her re-appoint not will he president elected is he if says and Schultz Wasserman Rep. of opponent endorses .@BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT … Trump. Donald defeat best could candidate which consider to superdelegates asks .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT win. Democrats numbers, large in vote to out turn and up stand people When win. Republicans vote, to out come don’t people When sisters! and brothers together, this in are We @Tim_Canova: Support money. its taking by system corrupt a change cannot we know who representatives need We families. divide not families, unite to be should immigration to approach Our policies. deportation current our end to going we're Together, now: it Do Tomorrow. by register to have you June, in Bernie for vote to want you if – California tuition-free. colleges public make to need We anymore. grade 12th to kindergarten being education public about talk to enough good not is It today! Store Bernie the at collection poster edition limited the Shop hurting. are People struggling. are People work. to get to gas the for pay to going are they how about worried are Americans many Too @SenSanders… to next standing was I say to get I'll ?" the during daddy you were "Where ask, kids my When @cenkuygur: RT families! their for bread buy to struggle Americans while breaks tax more get gonna not are they that class billionaire the tell gonna We're disagree! strongly I all. for healthcare and education provide cannot we that think to small, think to you wants media Corporate possible. it making activism grassroots and excitement, energy, your It’s Trump. defeat to campaign best the are we that reason the are You now: right Register TODAY! by registered be must you 7th June on Bernie for vote to – California education? college a getting for people our punishing we are why So economy. global competitive a in living are we that knows Everybody https://t… California en campaña intensifica fronteriza, valla la en deportados con .@BernieSanders @LaOpinionLA: RT together! this in are We mistaken. are you interests, powerful the on take to able be will alone Bernie that thinks anyone If Angeles: Los East to revolution political the takes Bernie as LIVE in Tune here: Register Bernie! for vote to TODAY independent or Democrat a as registered be must you Dakotans: South now: Register 7th! June on California in Bernie for vote to register to LEFT HOURS FEW a Only primary. largest the before debate to unwillingness Clinton’s Secretary by surprised not but disappointed am I https:/… TONIGHT! 11:59PM is Registration Voter CA for deadline The left! hours few a have voters California @mrdannyglover: RT now: right here Register left. hours few a Only Bernie! for vote to register to time much isn't there – California States. United the in here security and freedom them give to is job our America, Central in countries war-torn from come children When insurance. health without living Americans million 29 is that tragedy the end can We small. not big, think to is you of beg I What wrong. That's other. the on mothers their and side one on children got you've that fact the was border US-Mexico the at saw I What demanding. all we're transformation social of kind the deliver to bolder and bigger think must We them: elect help to in Chip country. this across legislatures state for candidates progressive eight endorsing am I Clinton. Hillary than Trump against better doing me has months two last the in taken poll every Virtually time. vacation paid and time sick paid leave, family paid to access have country this in workers all that ensure to overdue long is time The ballot: the down and up progressives real support you Say presidency. the just isn't revolution political The … senate! state CA for campaign my endorsing for @BernieSanders you Thank @JaneKim: RT Riverside: in LIVE Bernie to in Tune Empire. Inland the to revolution political the taking is Bernie 7. June on Bernie for Vote ignore. can’t they message a send can you but Washington, to way long a it’s California, @BernieSanders _ You." You You It's Bernie. Bernie Bernie ain't It Bernie Bernie Bernie saying people appreciate "I @KThomasDC: RT country. this of future the shape help to want well damn they and country, this of future the are they that out figuring are people Young here: LIVE in Tune tonight. Bernardino San in rally our to out come have Thousands ! must we grandchildren, our for habitable is that planet a leaving about serious truly are we If faces. country this that crises major the address and debate to willing not is Clinton Sec. that California of people the to insulting is It @georgelopez: RT community. LGBT the of ally an as stand to proud am I America. in today continues equality for struggle The war. more not infrastructure, in invest to need We jobs. paying decent million 13 create could infrastructure in investment trillion $1 A … Rico. Puerto in crisis humanitarian the alleviate can it banks, Street Wall huge out bail can Fed the If @GunnelsWarren: RT here: City Cathedral in Rally in Believe to Future the at live Bernie Watch Act. Ground the in It Keep the supporting by change climate fight to me and @JeffMerkley with Partner peace. in Rest Moody. Marcia member Committee Steering NH our of passing the about hear to Saddened Americans. million 150 bottom the than wealth more own now people wealthiest twenty the when is economy rigged A future. the not past, the is bigotry their that realize should friends his and Trump Donald … Trump Donald with match-ups head-to-head multiple is @HillaryClinton outpolling actually is .@BernieSanders @nowthisnews: RT https… primaries upcoming in vote political American the &amp; @BernieSanders about w/@RollingStone did I article New @serjtankian: RT too: them support you Say country. the across legislatures state for progressives eight endorsed just Bernie percent. 90 bottom the as much as owns percent 1 of 1/10 top the when is economy rigged A https… deal real the 100% is @BernieSanders . I why reasons many the of 1 Just @MarkRuffalo: RT Pharma. Big to up stand Let's treatments. AIDS for prices lower would Act Relief Price Drug California The primary. 7 June the before California in Trump Donald debating to forward look I on. Game promise. a breaks Editorial: @sfchronicle: RT interests. special and wealthy the just not us, of all to belongs country This all! it have cannot you simple: is Street Wall to message Our name: your Add Act. Ground the in it Keep the through change climate of effects worst the preventing support you Say … out! miss Don't @BernieSanders! w/ Conversation Social A for PT ET/10:30a 1:30p at today in Tune @RevoltTV: RT Democrats: progressive supporting in me Join Senate. for @RussFeingold friend my endorse to proud am I Today https… @aterkel by ⏩ Feingold Russ candidate Senate progressive for fundraises Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT … @RevoltTV!! &amp; @VoteAmericaNow @BernieSanders w/ Conversation Social A for ET 1:30pm / PT 10:30am at today in Tune @iamdiddy: RT now: happening @RevoltTV and Bernie with conversation a to LIVE in Tune Americans. more up locking by money more make to incentive perverse a is It centers. detention and prisons corporate end to got have We possible. stadium biggest the in it do Let’s debate. to agreed has @realDonaldTrump that delighted am I LIVE: WATCH College. Ventura at rally campaign at speaks @BernieSanders Sen. Vermont @FOXLA: RT debate! policy the wins easily Sanders Bernie Why @JeffDSachs: RT here: RSVP PM. 4:30 at open Doors today. CA Pomona, to revolution political the taking We're percent. 99 bottom the as much as almost owns percent 1 top the where country a be to supposed not is America tragedy. a is This lifetime. their during prison in time spend to expect can today born males black four in one continue, trends current If wage! living a pay to cheap too are Waltons the because just America in family wealthiest the subsidizing be not should class middle The accountable. them hold to easier it make to officers enforcement law for cameras body require and fund federally to need We full. beds prison keep to order in detain, and jail arrest, to over-incentive an in result which profit, for prisons end to need We 7. June on primary California's before issues major the on a see to want you if name your Add https://… Bernie' With Conversation Social 'A during more &amp; Debt Student as such issues discussed .@BernieSanders @RevoltTV: RT California Pedro, San in rally a holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT campaign. that are we badly, him defeat and Trump defeat can that campaign a want you If campaign: our and @RussFeingold with contribution a Split values. our share who leaders elect to need We poverty. in living be not should you week, a hours 40 work you If idea: radical a Here's grandchildren. and kids our for habitable and healthy planet this leave and change climate combat to responsibility moral a have We profits. in billions making is Pharma Big while medication their for pay to struggling are citizens senior that is matter the of fact The https:… 10! @ tonight appearance 11th his for back He's . some for @BernieSanders on count always can You @RealTimers: RT prison. not treatment, in up end they that so problems abuse substance with people for help in invest to need We @JaneOSanders! anniversary, Happy … anniversary. wedding candidate's the remembered rally Barbara Santa @BernieSanders this appears It @DannyEFreeman: RT Street. Wall a enfrentar y Rico Puerto a defender a dispuesto está candidato un Sólo right! they're and dollar damn whole the want Women men. to compared dollar the on cents 79 making are women why reason no is There want. people American the what exactly that’s – taxes of share fair their paying start powerful the and wealthy the that Demanding contributions. individual million 8 over received have we ago year one campaign this began we since that fact the by away blown am I involved. getting are people more and nerve, a striking are We turnout. voter large a is there because be it'll California, win we If @BernieSanders con @LeonKrauze de entrevista la con Comenzamos Punto! Al ¡Vamos @AlPunto: RT influence. to want they what and who exactly know They not. are they dummies – things many are donors interest Special Wealth Political His Spread To Looks Sanders Bernie: Like Be @nprpolitics: RT accomplish. can we what to limit no is there process, political the in engaged more become people American the If revolution! political a for ready is Bakersfield like Looks employers. by stolen wages their having they're instances some in and need they breaks work the getting aren’t today farmworkers many Too color. of people are Angeles Los in well gas or oil an of mile quarter a within live who people the of percent 91 well. fracked every for ground the into average, on water, clean of gallons 160K injecting are we drought, serious a in is California While voters: to calls making by win us Help 7. June on California in victory a of distance striking within We're 7. June on establishment political the from democracy our back take to time It's counts. vote every California, Trump a enfrentarse para opción mejor la es candidatura su que dice @BernieSanders @AlPunto: RT profits. more even make can companies fuel fossil of handful a so just water drinking toxic by poisoned be to children our allow not must We detention. in immigrants holding and up people locking year every profits breaking record making are centers detention for-profit Private, officers. immigration into officials enforcement law local turned have that profiling racial and programs deportation inhumane end must We country. great our for lives their sacrificed who members service the of all honor we Today it. for sacrifice ultimate the made have many and Constitution our defend to oath an take uniform in women and men Our resort. last the be always must it and battle, to daughters and sons our send to decision the lightly take never must We CA. in here Valley Central the in including collapsing, is infrastructure our country this over All tragedy. a is Flint in situation The familias nuestras a desgarran que deportaciones con acabará Sanders Bernie @LaOpinionLA: RT subsidies. any receive not do 62% bottom the while subsidies, farm of 75% collect farms of 10% top the that unacceptable is It resource. precious most our – supply water our to danger a is fracking that us tells evidence of body growing The @brandicarlile! from music and @TheSavionGlover @BernieSanders, with tonight’s miss Don’t @LateNightSeth: RT ends. one this how see to Excited wire! the to down coming It’s comebacks. like I California. in comeback great a off finished they Tonight, one. to games three down was State Golden week, Last change. climate combat to and clean water and air our keep to stewardship and conservation promoting in partners as farmers enlist must We lane. memory down trip a for us Join campaign. this of anniversary year one the marked week Last here: LIVE crisis care health our discuss Bernie Watch underinsured. or uninsured still are people million 60 Today conversation the join and Come 11am! at today AMA my for ready Getting @JaneKim: RT in? chip you Will primary. the of deadline FEC final the campaign: our of days important most the of one is Today more. do to got have we improvements, those with even But things. good some done has write, helped I which Act, Care Affordable The right? a as people all to care health guarantee to not earth on country major only the is States United the that happen it does How outcomes. worse far get and care health on nation other any of people the do than capita per more far spend to continue to sense no makes It big. think gonna We're what? know you Well, small. think us: tell establishment political the and media corporate-controlled the day, Every right. a as people all for care health guarantee and and Truman, , presidents of legacy the fulfill can we that think do I in: Chip deadline. FEC final today's before contributions their adding people are These here-htt… Live night. gorgeous a It's Monterey. in today rally 2nd @BernieSanders' at I'm votes! California until days 7 @maryaliceparks: RT here: RSVP Ratajkowski. Emily and Gabbard Tulsi Rep. guests with CA Alto, Palo in rally a for tomorrow Bernie Join established. ever programs government best the of one regarded widely Now Medicare. 1965? in medicine” “socialized called was what know You bankrupt. going about worrying without to need they when doctor the to go to freedom the have will everyone all, for Medicare pass we When fracking. than stronger differences our are area no In issues. many on opinion of differences have I and Clinton Secretary fracking. on ban nationwide a on together work will we president elected am I If fracking: on conference press our to in Tune country. this over all fracking to end an put to need We president. as for fight will I what exactly that’s And, period. – fracking on ban nationwide a implement to need We enough. good Not it. on regulations more few a impose simply would she Instead, fracking. on ban a support not does Clinton Sec. https… CA Alto, Palo in leaders Islander Pacific and Asian-American with talks @BernieSanders LIVE: @ABCPolitics: RT unacceptable. is That Halliburton. and Chevron like companies reward to world the throughout fracking export to worked Clinton Hillary Unacceptable. beaches. our harm and environment, the hurt fluid, toxic with ocean the pollute to potential the has fracking Offshore risk. at beaches California’s put cannot We lands. public on fuels fossil ALL of extraction end to Boxer Sen. with worked I Senate, the In ! Happy people. LGBT for equality for fight the and gender of regardless another one love to right the celebrate we month This Rico Puerto a descolonizar de hora la llegado Ha university? scam fake this found he would why by, get to hard working are who people about damn a gave Trump If well. as 49 other the in it end gonna we're it, about say to anything have I if and fracking end to state first the was Vermont of state The right. a be should education Higher universities. public at tuition free need we why demonstrates scam latest Trump's scams. predatory these down shut to hard work I'd and income of regardless education college a get can everyone sure make I'd president, As off? them rip to trying not by start you about How party.” “worker’s a into GOP the turn to going he’s says now Trump that laughable It’s . must We fracking. on ban nationwide a on together work will we president elected am I if be: can I as clear as be me Let place. 2nd in came which industry insurance the than more billion $1 Over lobbying. on billion $3 than more spent has Pharma Big 1998, Since @berniesanders @ozomatli: RT Act. Relief Price Drug California the for voting by can CA of people the Pharma, Big of greed the end to able been not has Congress While children. our for healthy planet our leaving than important more nothing is there beings, human as responsibilities our about talk we When eyes. own their with it see they because real is change climate that anyone than better understand Californians Trump, Donald Unlike Rico Puerto para referéndum y millones de ayuda propone Sanders Bernie @UnivisionPR: RT world. the around and the in problems devastating causing already it's and activity human by caused it's real, is change Climate conf.: press Live system. energy our transform to way bold a in move to got We've crisis. global a is change Climate society. into back path his and Wilson, Chris of story the is This drought. more is needs California that thing last the and drought, more even mean will it system, energy our transform boldly not do we If Tuesday! polls the to supporters Bernie get help and Mexico New and Jersey New California, in voters Call issue. this on leadership need: we what That's change. climate combatting in world the lead States United the that priority a it make will I instability. international increase will planet warming a that says CIA The change? climate combat to boldly act don't we if happens What laboral. fuerza su en 30% del reducción una en resultando empleos, 300,000 casi perdido ha Rico Puerto 2007, Desde percent. 30 than more by consumption water its reduce to CA Modesto, forcing record on driest the been have California in years 5 last The pensioners protect would that bill debt Rico Puerto offer to Sanders @ReutersBiz: RT profits. more even make can companies fuel fossil of handful a so just water drinking toxic by poisoned be to children our allow not must We advocated. have we that positions the of more adopting be to seems month after month Clinton Sec. that delighted am I that say to have I there! you see to Hope Viviana. today, Rosa Santa and Fairfield in be I’ll @ErikaAndiola Clout Sanders’ Shows Security Social Expand to Call Obama’s New: @sahilkapur: RT judgement. with Someone line. the down years 20 15, 10, future their about think will who president a need Americans do. to going we’re what exactly that’s support, your With Security. Social expand to want they us tell overwhelmingly people American The leadership. and academies training the in including communities, our of diversity the reflect that forces police need We nacional. vergüenza una es Esa Unidos. Estados en hogar tienen no personas 565,000 casi cualquiera, noche una En … contests. Tuesday's of ahead race the of state the discuss to @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders : on Sunday @CNNSotu: RT alone. not you're by, get to harder and harder it find but right everything doing you're If body. own your with do can you what dictating government the love they Then woman. a you’re unless – government the hate Republicans Fairfield in rally at speak to Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @nbcbayarea: RT lane. memory down trip a for us Join campaign. this of anniversary year one the marked week Last here: RSVP guests. musical special featuring concert GOTV a for Francisco San in Bernie Join money. their take not Street, Wall on take to is job Our In-N-Out! at experience California full the for going Bernie Security. Social cut to effort the back beat we movement grassroots extraordinary an Through https:/… visit: info more 4 4th. June tomorrow, Plaza Olympic LAMC's the at speak will @BernieSanders candidate Presidential @lacoliseum: RT humanity. and courage great of man a but athlete extraordinary an only not greatest, the was Ali Muhammad vote: to plan a have they sure make and can we supporter Bernie single every call simple: is weekend this task Our … Volunteer: @BernieSanders! Primary, California Tuesday's in luck Good @kalpenn: RT year. a $16,000 than less on by scraping seniors for annually $1,300 about by benefits increase would Security Social expand to plan My hug… be would CA movement that makes and movement progressive the for vote is gets @BernieSanders vote Every @cenkuygur: RT America. transform to fight and up stand to prepared are they when energized, are people when elections win Democrats and Progressives action: taking you’re sure make to day the Today’s stretch. final the in We’re https:/… Jan! since calls mil 70 over made have who vols the to shoutout huge a gives LA, in canvassing off kicks Bernie @clairesandberg: RT C-SPAN on ET 6pm at LIVE - Angeles Los in campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT Security. Social expanding for support historic his on Obama President applaud I … help!" your need We Tuesday. on election an "There's Park. Huntington of streets walking .@BernieSanders @KThomasDC: RT message." a "send to them use not America, Central in violence from the to fleeing children protect must We the in living Americans aspiring million 11 the for citizenship to pathway a provide to can we all do must We Wilson Chris – in." grown just had mustache My 17. was I dreamer. a was I prison. in life my of half almost spent "I Coliseum. LA outside rally @BernieSanders at 13,500 than More @KThomasDC: RT well. fracked every for water clean of gallons 160K injecting are we drought, a in is California While win. Democrats and progressives against, just than rather for vote to something have people When ”… other in fracking pushed she it… ‘regulate’ can we thinks “She fracking: on wrong is Clinton says @BernieSanders @CNNSotu: RT votar. a Salgan hoy. escuchadas ser deben voces sus Rico: Puerto en hermanos y Hermanas votar. de asegúrense y amigos y familia tu a Lleva movimiento. nuestro por votar de turno tu llegó — Rico Puerto votar. puedas que hasta ahí quédate votación, de centro el en estás ya Si voz! tu es voto ¡Tu — Rico Puerto bigotry. religious end to time is It enough. is enough say to time is It country. our across fracking to end an put to need We fracking? support and around turn you can how Flint, in water clean about care you If corporations. profitable to breaks tax give to than system school our and system water Flint the rebuild to important more is It message." a "send to way a as countries violent terribly to back children sending justifies opponent my that irresponsible It's families. immigrant of thousands deporting and up rounding involving tactics inhumane employ to continue cannot We answer. the not are Raids … more! &amp; @davematthewsbnd @BernieSanders, Francisco! San in 6th June on event this to added been just We've @brooklynyarn: RT plan: a Make 7. June tomorrow, vote you – Dakota North and Dakota South Mexico, New Jersey, New Montana, California, punishment. capital against I'm people. killing be should itself state the think don't just I world, the in already violence much so With brothers. and sisters Muslim our all to Mubarak Ramadan beings. human as prisoners treating start to is forward step first good A system. justice criminal our in change bold need We incarceration. mass from profit to allowed are corporations as long as that do cannot we but system, justice criminal our recreate must We information. voting for 82623 to VOTE Text tomorrow! vote and out Get revolution? political a for Ready change. real need We economics. establishment for late too and politics establishment for late too is it because president for running am I location: voting your Find tomorrow? vote to ready you are ND: and SD NM, NJ, MT, CA, hotline. our email or Call issues? or Questions 7. June tomorrow, vote you – California vote. go Please politics. establishment for late too is it that country the Show open. are polls your – Jersey New and Dakota South politics. establishment old same old, same the not CHANGE, REAL for vote and out Go PM. 7 until open are polls your – Mexico New Bernie! Vote system. finance campaign corrupt a by place in held economy rigged a for settle Don't open. are polls your Montana: vote. Go billionaires. of handful a just not us, of all to belongs country this that message a send can you today – California vote. Go happen. it let gonna ain't we them show Let's votes. person every before early race this call wanna press political the and Pundits revolution! the for vote to turn your – Dakota North and Dakota South Mexico, New Jersey, New Montana, California, hotline. our Call Questions? movement. our for Vote ignore. can’t they message a establishment the send California: Llámanos. ¿Preguntas? movimiento. nuestro por Vota voz. tu ignorar podrá no establecimiento el Hoy California: them: elect Help @Clem4Congress. and @EricKingsonNY like allies progressive strong support to you asking I'm vote. go and friends your Grab establishment. the shock that'll turnout voter high a for reach and again pundits the Defy rights. farmworker's for activist and leader great Chávez, Helen of passing the on family Chávez the to condolences profound My campo. del trabajadores los de defensora y líder gran Chávez, Helen de fallecimiento el ante Chávez familia la a condolencias profundas Mis making. the in history Join win. will we turnout, voter large a there's If pm. 7 by caucus your to Get caucus. we today Dakota: North now: voters to calls Make today! NM and NJ MT, SD, ND, CA, in win to help your need We vote! and out Get close. polls before location voting your to run to time have still You Dakota! North you Thank today! Jersey New in revolution political the for vote to out came who supporters of thousands the to you Thank night primary on supporters California addresses Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT continues! struggle The all. you Thank – Montana Montana! and Jersey New Dakota, North Dakota, South California, Mexico, New you Thank TOGETHER. this in are We up. bottom the from happens it down, top the from happens never almost change that remember always must We bit. little a just changed has that think I year, last the Over campaign. fringe a be to considered were we campaign this began we When people. young of votes the numbers big in won we've state, every virtually in and votes million 11 over with elections state 22 won have We future. that shape help to intend they and America, of future the are they that understand people Young candidate. Republican the as Trump Donald with true especially is That government. our control to Republicans right-wing allow not will We president. become to Trump Donald allow not will We bigotry. is theme major whose candidate a support never will people American The against. just than rather for vote to something want People country. our transforming is It Trump. defeating just than more is mission Our percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as owns percent 1 of tenth top the that acceptable not is it that know people American The harmed. those of all and families victims' the with are thoughts My Aviv. Tel in attack terrorist yesterday's by horrified I'm percent. 1 top the to go to income new all of percent 57 allow won't we wages, lower for hours longer working are Americans of millions When together. coming coast to coast from people of Millions together. us of all is It Sanders. Bernie than more is it know all you But C-SPAN3 on shortly LIVE – DC Washington, in campaigns .@BernieSanders @cspan: RT percent. 1 the not us, for works that government a create to together people American the bring to is job Our tuition-free. colleges public make to need We anymore. grade 12th to kindergarten being education public about talk to enough good not is It https… it. kill to need We Partnership. Trans-Pacific the with edges the around tinker or amend can we that think don’t I @GunnelsWarren: RT children. all for system pre-K universal a to move to need we childcare, and start head cutting of Instead country. our in Americans nonviolent of over-incarceration the end must We Obama. President with meeting after days just @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders : on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT them. cut not benefits, expand must We income. their of all virtually for Security Social on rely citizens senior our of one-third than More work. need Americans of millions when countries low-wage other and China to jobs our send to continue cannot We wage. starvation a is hour an $ of wage minimum federal current The it. in them keep not poverty, of out workers lift must job A fear. fight and xenophobia fight racism, fight – Americans as best do we what do must We bigotry. to succumb not must We up. people locking by money taxpayer of sums huge spending are we and apart torn being are families wrecked, being are lives of Millions fuel. fossil on dependence energy our break to community international the and India Russia, China, with working in world the lead must We Truman. Harry and Roosevelt Franklin to back going presidents Democratic by supported been has that idea an is care health Universal people. the for work won't economy our bought, Washington's as long As Street. Wall by rigged it’s because Street Wall for works economy Our together. this in are we essentially that sisters, our and brothers our on backs our turn not to is teaches God what that believe us of Some @MeetThePress. on morning this on @BernieSanders says unthinkable," it's horrific, "It's @NBCNewsPR: RT statement: Full Orlando. in atrocity horrific the by saddened and disgusted horrified, are Americans All destroyed. be must organization barbaric and despicable That sympathizer. ISIS an by act terrorist a was this known, now is what From Congress. in representation voting lack residents 's Washington, that wrong morally is It process. nominating presidential this of one last the – 14 June tomorrow, place takes primary 's Washington, @RickNolanmn. Rep. and @RepMarcyKaptur Rep. progressives endorsing I'm why That's alone. it do can president No change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse politicians some that embarrassment an is It heard. be and up stand to chance the have will you 14, June Tuesday, On – Washington, … religion." entire an not -- crime this committed person hateful "one crowd hometown tells &gt;@BernieSanders @JackNECN: RT … Vermont of Center Pride by organized Event VT. Burlington, of leaders faith with stands @BernieSanders . @LaurenBlanch12: RT free. college make and care health expand can we Then share. fair their pay them make and loopholes tax close banks, big up break plan: My vote. go – Washington, home. it bring Let’s billionaires. of handful a just not everyone, for work country our Make https://… Bailout. Street Wall the and war, Iraq NAFTA, against you alongside fight to Honored @BernieSanders. you Thank @Marcy_Kaptur: RT vote. Go direction. progressive a in country this move to going are we yes, that today message the send – Nevada today? plan voting a have you Do difference. a make will primary the in votes who Everyone stream: live the for up Sign Thursday. on supporters address will Bernie continues. revolution political The religion. entire an or people entire an not — crime terrible this committed person hateful one that know We Washington in conference press holds @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @ABCPolitics: RT ideas. of flow free the on tag price a put to able be not will corporations big that ensures decision This process. political the into people bringing supports vigorously who someone need We leadership. DNC current the replace to have We absurd. is cast was ballot first the before months eight pledged superdelegates 400 had we that fact The superdelegates. of rid get must We PM. 8 until open are Polls direction. different a in country this move help to Vote absurd. is country our in distributed and sold be should – dozens the by people kill – thing one do to designed weapons that idea The banned. be should doubt, a without weapons, of types These bigotry. than less nothing is religion entire an blame To people. entire an not crime, heinous a committed person hateful one that know We support! your for all you thank and vote to out went who in everyone to you Thank next: what's discuss to Thursday on us Join continues. revolution political The incomprehensible. is nominee Democratic the select helping in participate not could people million 3 York New of State the in that idea The primaries. open means that And Party. Democratic the within reform real need We your… than bigger something be must always &gt;Goal tomorrow: address video live Bernie's hear to RSVP @DavidFBowen: RT https://… @RickNolanmn. Rep. and @RepMarcyKaptur Rep. progressives endorsing I'm why That's alone. it do can president No @BernieSanders: RT leave. medical and family paid of weeks twelve least at guaranteed be should America in worker every view, my In too. country our is This all. it have can’t You class: billionaire the to message a sending is movement This address? video online, live a for us join you Will you. on depends revolution political our of future The stress. enormous under and underpaid overworked, are They wages. lower for hours longer working are Americans of Millions contributions. huge making by process political the influence heavily to able are billionaires that disgrace national a is It States. United the except year, per vacation paid of days 10 least at has world the in country every Almost today. America in living kids the of all of percent 20 than more — poor are today America in children million 15 Over us: join you'll that hope much very I address. video online an in supporters my to speak will I hours few a just In banned. be should weapons of type These weapons. assault purchase and store gun a into walk to able be not should You ET. pm 8:30 at supporters his to address online live Sanders' Bernie with tonight continues end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions political But go. and come days Election future. the into continue must revolution political The changed. has lot A anywhere. going were we thought nobody campaign this began we When ahead. road the discuss to supporters his addresses @BernieSanders [LIVE] @YouTube: RT anticipated. not had I that something – campaign this in happened important extraordinarily Something $27. of average an at ✅ contributions million 8 over with ✅ movement our to donated people million ✅ Unprecedented: unemployed. the &amp; wages low earning workers Security, Social on seniors loans, with struggling students the to thanks Special America. transforming about is It candidate. single any about been never has campaign This president. for candidate Republican the @realDonaldTrump, defeating about is campaign This weeks. coming the in @HillaryClinton with working to forward look I Trump. defeating and Convention National Democratic the at ideals our for fighting than more means revolution political The state. after state in Republicans to lost been have seats legislative 900 some 2009, Since Fact: way. unprecedented an in level state and local the at engaging start must We office. for run effectively can you how about more learn to at website my to go Please you Thank began. all it where is that say will they 2016 of campaign the on back look historians future when that is hope My checks. background instant expand and loophole show gun the end weapons, assault of distribution and sale the ban must We hour. an $15 to wage minimum federal the raising support must Party Democratic the campaign, this throughout said have I As free. scot off get Street Wall on crooks the but arrested gets marijuana smokes who kid the that strange it find I Act. Substances Controlled federal the from marijuana remove must we reform, justice criminal about serious are we If district. House every 🐦 &amp; districts senate state of 69% 🐦 districts house state of 51% 🐦 in: office for run to want supporters Bernie bodies. own their control to right the have country the throughout women that certain make to fight must We equity. pay for fight we that and men to compared dollar the on cents 79 make longer no will women that ensure must We people. undocumented million 11 for citizenship toward path a provide and reform immigration comprehensive pass must We opposition. no virtually with states some in elections win to politicians right-wing allowed has leadership Current privilege. a not and right a as people all to care health guarantee and world industrialized the of rest the join must We reform. justice criminal real toward move and earth on country other any than jail in people more having of disgrace the end must We tuition-free. universities and colleges public making by economy global a in effectively compete must We end. gotta That's degree. college a with up ending than jail in up ending of chance greater a stand now kids cities, inner many In veterans. disabled and seniors our for benefits expand fact, in and, Security Social cut to efforts resist must We Day! Fathers Happy income. the lack families their because college to go to unable are people young bright of thousands of hundreds that disgrace a is It countries? third-world many than lower expectancy life a have reservations some on sisters and brothers American Native our that it is Why inequality. income of level grotesque this end must We million. 150 bottom the than wealth more own people wealthiest 20 the Today justice. for fight the in engaged become and enough” is “enough say people of millions of tens when happens change Real country? major any almost of poverty childhood of level highest the experiencing are we earth on country richest the in that it is Why https://t.… AMA! district. 23rd Florida’s for primary Democratic the in Schultz Wasserman challenging I’m and Canova Tim I’m @Tim_Canova: RT disgrace. that end must we nation a As debt. student of levels suffocating with struggling are kids young bright of millions Today, checks. background instant expand and loophole show gun the end to time past long It's list. watch terror the on those includes that and them have shouldn't who people of hands the into fall to guns allow can't We world. the around from refugees all helping in believe we decades: for pride of point a been has nature welcoming Our refugees. on backs our turn cannot We persecution. and violence fleeing those for hope of beacon a been always has America them. oppose would Republicans why to as incomprehensible is It commonsense. are proposals These guns. to access have not should ill mentally dangerously the and criminals terrorists, potential that understand to hard very not It’s supply. water our protect to want we if fracking ban must We all. for Medicare like system single-payer a implement to States United the for time It's privilege. a not right, a is care Health fighting. be not should we wars in warfare perpetual into thrown not should military the in women and men young brave Our wages. starvation at working are Americans fellow our of millions today that is reality The 2016. year the In faucets. their of out comes that water polluted the drink to unable communities have we California to Michigan Flint, From Congress. of session lame-duck a in vote a get not does it that certain make and Partnership Trans-Pacific the defeat must We them. for it end to us to up It's end. to got has Street Wall on behavior illegal and recklessness greed, The veterans. disabled and seniors our for benefits expand to fight gotta we've Instead, Security. Social cut to efforts all resist must We elections. win to politicians right-wing allowed and states of dozens on back its turned has leadership Democratic current the Sadly, states. these to resources provide must we but tomorrow state every in win not may We strategy. 50-state a needs Party Democratic The country. our transform and interests special on take Party, Democratic the transform to need we energy the is This … Washington in Address to @BernieSanders Candidate Presidential Democratic @NALEO: RT carbon. on tax a imposing and energy sustainable and efficiency energy to moving by change climate combat aggressively must We for. stand we everything to contrary is rhetoric bigoted divisive, and wages lower rich, the for cuts tax of agenda .@realDonaldTrump's Burlington. in Day" Pride "Gay proclaimed @BernieSanders ago, years Thirty-one @scottbix: RT end. never society our transform to attempt that revolutions social and political But go. and come days Election @ZephyrTeachout: for voters Call unacceptable. just is That states. 23 in statehouses and mansions governors’ the both controls now Party Republican The it. cut not Security, Social expand to time is It https://t.… Washington. to bring to working are @EricKingsonNY like candidates state, by State @DFAaction: RT N… this vote to expected are Latinos million than More ! at @BernieSanders Candidate Presidential NOW: HAPPENING @NALEO: RT end. to got has suffering human This States. United the in system immigration broken a by apart torn families of sadness the seen have I system. immigration our fix to need we wire; barbed and wall a need don’t We rejected. be must and unacceptable is rhetoric divisive Trump's Native-American. and Latino African-American, disproportionately Americans, million up locking year a billion $80 spend We austerity. just not Rico, Puerto of people the help to option another is there that recognize to time the is now view, my In want: we what Here’s country. this in change real want I and supporters My end. must time Christmas around happened that families of up rounding The America. in machine deportation current the end must We RSVP: NYC. in today revolution political our and campaign our for next comes what hear to us Join @colbertlateshow! the on Bernie for EDT 11:35 at tonight CBS to in Tune answers. much-needed for waiting left be will Americans aspiring million 4 than more that means ruling immigration deadlocked Today's Trump. Donald of hands bigoted the into fall people, vulnerable more many so of future the and future, their let cannot We Court. Supreme the to justice ninth a confirm and politics playing stop must Republicans Senate environment. inclusive and diverse more a create we when stronger is nation our that reaffirms decision This 1990. in American average the to back power giving and revolution political the about talking Bernie to dollar. damn whole the need they – men to compared cents 55 just need don’t country this in women Hispanic up. us divides not together, us brings who somebody needs country Our Train. Trump the on not is @BernieSanders Tonight! @colbertlateshow: RT cell. jail a in rotting not school, in or working be should people young Our future. the in invest and jails building stop to time is It Native-American. and Latino, African-American, disproportionately Americans, million up locking year a billion $80 spending are we Today speech Here” From Go We "Where @BernieSanders' LIVE: @politico: RT us. about be, to has and is, It me. about not is This reviled. not celebrated, be must that story a is it and – America of story the is story immigrant’s modern the story, my story, father’s My class. middle our destroying that's economy rigged the end to need also we system, immigration broken our fix to need we do only Not run! to YOU needs America @realDonaldTrump cc: States. United the of president become to bigot a want not do we that know to enough smart are supporters My America. in reality about talk to us to up It's us. for issues the define to media corporate the allow gonna not We're trade. on proposals platform Party Democratic back beat Clinton Hillary of allies that dismayed and disappointed I'm people. millions by supported and mainstream are ideas our that out Turns not. are You radicals. courageous you're think to you want don't I outrage. of sense your lose Never equality. toward step this see to Happy people. transgender openly to military the up opened we time past long It's you Well, up. on board school the from – level every at office political in engaging start to need We Party. Democratic the of history the in platform progressive most the pass to is job Our race. 2016 the of state the discuss to @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders : on Sunday This @CNNSotu: RT change. real want Americans ordinary that out turns it other, each to talking in thinks establishment the what Despite are. people American many where of reality the from removed far are they that is understand to got has media mainstream the What contributors. campaign wealthy just not and families working for fights which Party Democratic a create to need We inequality. wealth and income in increase huge a been has there while years 35 for decline in been has States United the in class middle The Law.’ under Justice ‘Equal pediment: marble building’s the in engraved words the into life breathed Court Supreme the year, last day this On community. LGBTQ the for equality full for fight the continue and progress great this upon build must We jobs. good-paying of millions of loss the to leading while profitable more corporations multi-national made has trade free Unfettered percent. 1 the just not all, for works that economy an and government a create and America, corporate of power and greed the on take must We him. like others and Trump Donald of divisiveness and bigotry the to succumb not must we But angry. are people American The law. into Act Fairness Paycheck the pass and forward move gotta We've work. same the doing for men than less paid are women that wrong is It America. across women for victory A right. constitutional a as abortion legal and safe a to access woman's a reaffirmed SCOTUS Today people. the for and people the by people, the of government a want We want? we do What York: New in voters Call tomorrow. primaries congressional with progressives electing by change real create Help NOW. action bold take must We worse. getting it's and deaths million for responsible is pollution air year Every revolutionaries. the are You voters. of millions and you about It's else. anybody or Sanders Bernie about not is revolution political This change. real demanding and big thinking We're thanks. no them: tell We change. incremental is get can we thing only the us tell They America. of half bottom the than wealth more own individuals 20 whereby inequality wealth and income of level grotesque our end must We https:/… . to platform Democratic the to amendment an of support in movement grassroots large a with work will We @GunnelsWarren: RT today: York New in primary his win him Help Security. Social protect to fighter long-time a is .@EricKingsonNY us. amongst vulnerable most the treat we how but billionaires, of number the not it’s nation,” “great a of measure the about talk we When states." battleground in uninterested is it and compromise not does It partner. negotiating poor a is "Physics idea. radical a not That's colony. a like Rico Puerto treat not should America of States United The behind. left been have who and struggling are who those with stand we that clear make to needs Party Democratic The https:… the in happen could Brexit powered that globalization of rejection The .@BernieSanders: @nytopinion: RT change. real need We world. the and country our in people of majority the for working not is economy global The rhetoric. campaign’s Leave the of much punctuated that sentiment anti-immigrant and bigotry demagogy, the on based change need don't we But Congress. the of floor the on getting TPP the to opposed we're that platform Democratic the in clear it make must We energy. sustainable to nuclear and fuels fossil ALL from transition aggressively must we but step, important An rights. legal no have they because back fight can't they and conditions working horrific face workers undocumented of thousands Today, homeless. are who country this in children of thousands of tens have we that fact the to used become to ourselves allow cannot We outrage. an is It normal. NOT is It normal. is it thinking and it to used becoming danger: greatest our is That people. billion around — population world’s the of half bottom the as wealth much as own planet this on people 62 wealthiest the Today, vote. a for up coming ever from deal trade TPP disastrous the prevent to Committee Platform DNC the Tell TPP. disastrous the defeat must We done. be to needs more but platform, Party Democratic the in progress great some made We've TPP. the to opposition strong in platform the to amendment an for support rally to can we everything do to is job Our Platform. Party the in TPP the like agreements trade bad oppose strongly gotta have We DNC: the Tell country. this over all cities manufacturing devastated have that policies trade disastrous our of continuation a is TPP The TPP. the defeat to can they all do must Democrats CEOs. corporate just not workers, American benefit that policies trade need We vote. a for up come doesn't TPP the ensure must We fair. but anything is TPP the And fair. be to has it but thing good a is Trade us: with stand and petition our Sign TPP. the against fight the win can we heard, voices our make all we If month? next convention Democratic the to delegates our of all get we ensuring towards contribution a make you Can support. others of millions that ideas mainstream fact in are have they that ideas the that on catching are People moral? that is How insurance. health no with people million 28 Act, Care Affordable the of gains the despite have, still We midnight. before in Pitch convention? Democratic the to delegates 1,900 nearly our of all bring to able we Are end. gotta That's elections. buy to billionaires and Street Wall allows that system finance campaign corrupt very a have we frank, be Let’s multimillonarios. los para sólo no nosotros, todos para trabaje que económico y político sistema un Queremos petition: the Sign TPP. the opposing one: big a missing it's but issues important many includes Platform Dem The bigotry. Trump's accept to going not We're tolerance. religious and freedom religious about it’s anything, about is country this If savings. energy in $4 to up enjoy can businesses and families efficiency, energy in invested dollar every For oil. crude and gas natural liquefied of exports stop and XL Keystone the like projects pipeline dirty stop drilling, offshore ban must We direction. right the in country this move to begin will that accomplishments some includes Platform Democratic The grandchildren. and kids our of all for planet livable healthy, a leave to can I all do I'll seven, of grandfather a and four of father a As change. climate fighting quickly for strategies cost-effective most the of one is tax carbon a via carbon on price a Putting issues. real on work to politicians allowing fundraising, on spent time lowers and participation voter increases elections of funding Public simple. and plain – bribery legalized to amounts United Citizens embarrassment. national a It's 2016. year the In change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse still politicians Some communities. minority and low-income by faced risks health public the recognize that policies justice climate with forward move must We Office. Oval the in place no has skepticism change Climate president. become not does Trump Donald ensure to can we all do must We justice. to brought be must They planet. our and people of health the of ahead profits put to chosen deliberately have corporations Some elections. bankrolling by it doing they're and action block to power their in everything doing on hell-bent are executives fuel Fossil today. it curb to action bold take must we and real is change climate again: time and time clear perfectly it made have people American The happen. that let that laws passing from states stop shouldn't Senate the and eat they food the in is what know to right a have People Congress. of session lame-duck the during TPP the on vote a holding to opposition in record on go must Party Dem The labeling. GMO favor Americans of majority overwhelming The controversial. isn’t food our labeling of issue The Monsanto. like corporations by supported bill labeling GMO the oppose to them ask and Senators your to Write behind. left been have who and struggling are who those with stand we that clear make to needs Party Democratic The … Orlando. to On night. the into fade not will and cannot It continue. will 2016 of revolution political The @GunnelsWarren: RT improved. significantly be to needs that document a it's clear, be us let but, start excellent an is Louis St. in drafted platform Party The Act. Glass-Steagall 21st-century a enact must we out, bailed were they before than now bigger are institutions financial huge when time a At long? so for accepted been this has How percent. 99 bottom the of whole the than wealth more owns now percent 1 top The bill: GMO Monsanto the oppose to them ask &amp; Senators your Write democracy. practice and radical something try Let's economies. sustainable develop countries those help should we Instead, countries. low-wage in workers against compete to have shouldn't We July! of 4th Happy independence. American of years 240 celebrate we Today change. real for Time elite. economic the benefit to elite economic the by developed model economic an have we clear: be Let’s ignorance. and hopelessness hatred, poverty, war: of causes true the address and globe the around spending military cut to got have We can. you if out them Help self-funding. largely they're convention, the to trips delegates' 1900 nearly our supplement to trying we're While Connect: Join media? social using supporters other with message Bernie's amplify help to Want areas. these preserve to responsibility our is It kind. their of waterways and landscapes untouched remaining last the are Wildlands MD’s lands. state-owned of acres 22k of character wilderness protecting permanently 50%, by system Wildlands MD’s expanding legislation sign I'll period. enrollment open first this during people 295,000+ enrolled and goal our exceeded MD people, of hundreds of work hard the to Thanks complete. didn't but today before started you if enroll and to go can You yet. done not we're And win! big tonight's on staff her &amp; Frese Brenda coach (@umdwbb), team basketball women's Maryland the to Congratulations FOUR! FINAL @umdwbb: RT in our building abt article this like you'd thought @RedOwlytics: MT read great advice, Excellent Mortality" Infant Reducing to Approach Data-Driven "Maryland's @StateStat on progress our Follow MD. in mortality infant in decrease a seen we've 2007, Since path. different a chose We public. commitment the make to not us told People numbers. mortality infant down drive to goal a set admin My Hangouts Google on - jobs century 21st &amp; education STEM about students with now live talking We're @UMBC @UMUC 2006. since 37% degrees STEM w/ graduating students of number the increased We soon sometime again it do Let's @UMBC! @UMUC you join to Great it. signing to forward look I violence. domestic combat package comprehensive my of part SB337, passed Delegates of House MD the Pleased word the spread and here message a leave - safer families keep to work their for legislature MDs thank Let's more &amp; budget, session, legislative the Discussed morning. this meeting cabinet a over presiding I and .@ltgovbrown School. High Jr. Wise A. Henry Dr. from champions state basketball men’s 4A Maryland the with meet to Happy bill. the signing to forward look I Maryland. in Pre-K expanded pass to voted Delegates of House the today Earlier results better seen we’ve and - families MD for education high-quality to access expanding by class middle our grow to choice the made We’ve desk. my to bill this send to House the to up its Now residents. MD 450k than more for $ to to today voted Senate MD The @umdwbb to support your Tweet Dame. Notre against game Four Final their in team hoops women’s Maryland to luck Good @umdwbb Terps! go Let’s ESPN. on tip-off Almost run. tournament exciting an and season extraordinary an on team basketball Women’s Maryland the to Congratulations bill this sign enthusiastically will I $ to wage minimum Maryland's raise to voted have chambers both vote, House's State the With issue. this on consensus forge to efforts their for Assembly General the commend I and Marylanders, 450,000 for will HB295 forward. us moves wage minimum the Raising class. middle our grow and strengthen to been always has administration my of Star North The country. the of rest the for same the does Congress time it's - Maryland in to voted Assembly General Our http:/… Americans. all for it raise should we agree you if RT $ to to voted just Legislature Maryland's @WhiteHouse: RT tails. our kicking were British the MD, Bladensburg, in was States United the of President the time last The TIL: askthegovernor@… email or @mptnews Tweet questions/comments? Have ! for tonight LIVE us joins @GovernorOMalley @mptnews: RT marijuana. of amounts small of possession the decriminalize will that desk my to sent bill the sign to intend I issue. this to attach police &amp; prosecutors, courts, our priority low the of acknowledgement an is marijuana of possession Decriminalizing citizens. our of lives the &amp; safety public to threats serious more on focus greater a to leads decriminalization that hope I Ma… follow to Congress for Time $ to and workers its in invest Maryland of state native my see to Proud @NancyPelosi: RT raise. a Marylanders giving and nation the leading for MD of Proud @RepCummings: MT you Thank leadership. your w/out happened have Wouldn’t women. for state better even an Maryland making progress our on reflect to opportunity excellent an is agree. I women for nation the in state best as Maryland rates Progresss American for Center nation. the in state any of women and men working our between gap wage lowest the for tied is Maryland Women" for Better Even Maryland Making - Day Pay "Equal piece, Post Huffington my Read family! the to them welcome us Leaders--help NewDEAL of group next our announce to excited We're @NewDEALLeaders: RT … work! equal for for out speaking women Democratic leading floor Senate to took Today @SenatorBarb: RT education public in amounts record invest to decision the made we recession, of out way their cut to tried states other While yrs. 8 over $ invested we've and -- construction school for $275m includes budget year's this why That's Magazine Week Ed. by years straight 5 for country the in schools #1 named was MD why is teachers &amp; students our in invest to decision Our learning. to conducive environment classroom a creating and speed, for them wiring - infrastructure education our in invested also We've deadline. a is goal a and dream a between difference The us. join to Congress for time It's . to work their on legislature Minnesota the and @GovMarkDayton to Congratulations results: on focus government helps that MD in seen We've data. Medicare of release @CMSGov's applaud I drive… to how son my Teaching @Burke4WI Wisconsin, of governor next the wih be to Great @WisDems at crowd the up firing .@RepGwenMoore event. Day Founders annual their at @michaeljtate Chairman and (@wisdems) Democrats Wisconsin join to Happy grandstanding" "political was that thinks Walker Scott - to voted both Maryland of state my &amp; Minnesota week, past this Just America. &amp; Maryland of Wisconsin, and Baltimore of story the us: of story the about talk at I'm headlines. the in one the and hearts, our in carried we city the between difference a was there Baltimore, of Mayor elected was I When city major any of crime in reduction biggest achieve to on went Baltimore 10yrs, next over and "Believe," called we campaign a launched We country? our for good be would believe we do less much how this: is another one ask to have we question serious very and real The competitive? more economy our make will graduates college fewer many How smarter? children our make would education less much How purpose. human a with economy, an – economy modern a build and jobs create to less, not more, done have we Maryland, In up. middle &amp; out middle the from built is economy thriving A has. never It top. the from down trickle doesn’t Prosperity results. achieves action And action. drives Belief belief. drives Hope mystery. a not is reform And trick. magic some not is Progress at up signing by me join you'll hope &amp; November this Walker Scott beat (@Burke4WI) Burke Mary help to eager I'm … a night the made who everyone and @GovernorOMalley to thanks Special ever. Gala's Day Founders best the of one was night Last @WisDems: RT Law" "Jake's &amp; security prison decriminalization, marijuana protections, violence domestic bills: safety public of series a signed just I orders protective obtain to easier it make &amp; child of front in violence for penalties enhance to power judges give We'll Violence: Domestic MD in violence down drive &amp; crimes priority higher on focus to enforcement law for easier it make will bill decriminalization marijuana The phones. handheld using or texting while accidents car serious/fatal cause who people for penalties increasing bill a -- Law" "Jakes signed I corruption. out rooting &amp; capacity investigatory enhancing contraband, the combatting facilities: correctional in safety/security Improving @statestat progress: and goals our Track 1970s. since seen not levels to down crime violent driven we've Together, 1/2 peril." of spite in live We hashem. kiddush a is people our of survival very "The Heschel: Rabbi of us reminds shooting Yesterday's 2/2 Seder. wonderful a have and Passover Happy records. previous our breaking - Sunday and Saturday last service MARC weekend of advantage took people 13,000 Over weekend. last congestion of hours avoid &amp; DC in Blossoms Cherry the enjoy MD'ers of thousands helped service MARC expand to investment Our http://… ways. many so in place better a Baltimore made has who leader civic incredible an is Carrera Jackie @ParksandPeople's @MDGBmore: RT this… Found Instagram. on Jonah Followed @PeterHambyCNN: MT Maryland! in @VeepHBO having Love 2008. November since level lowest - to rate unemployment our down driving month, last jobs total 2,300 added Maryland pictures. your of some with reply same, the does family your If tomorrow. for eggs Decorating sharing. for you Thank Kim. you, to Easter Happy @kimhenry124 sharing. for you Thank Herb. excellent, That’s @BigpapiHT Sunday. Easter blessed a have yours, to family my From titles wheelchair women's Marathon Boston back-to-back her on @TatyanaMcFadden native MD to birthday 25th happy &amp; Congrats trip the made who've Marylanders the including , the running those all to luck Good 6-0 O's! go Let's - today Sox the beat to the for rooting be still we'll course Of more learn to video @AMC_TV's Watch project. restoration oyster largest coast's east the on @CSX with working We're Bay Chesapeake the to Florida from shell oyster fossilized of tons 112,000 than more transporting is .@CSX years. 27 in rate survival highest its to population oyster native Bay’s the raise to work our of continuation important an is This http:… ! access can kids MD more legislators, &amp; @GovernorOMalley , to Thanks @nokidhungry: RT resources. natural our for stewardship responsible about them teaching and environment the with kids our connecting about is nature about learn &amp; experience to children MD for opportunities expand to years 6 past the over progress great made We've requirement graduation literacy environmental an adopt to nation the in state first the became Maryland 2011, In environment the improving &amp; sustainability practicing are that schools 425 includes now program Schools Green MD The Challenge Restoration Stream 2013 the of part as trees 46,000 planted students MD spring, Last years 5 past the over Parks State Maryland at summer a worked have youth at-risk 1,800 than More reconciliation. about talking leaders of generation next the and Lewis John incomparable the with Dublin In Guard! Nat'l &amp; for forward way the find help to commission a for call @SenatorBarb's applauds htt… @DylanGoldberg: MT ago. years 24 campaign political first @GovernorOMalley's from t-shirt in guy a of selfie a Here's @ErinatTheSun: RT ideas! fearless of celebration campus-wide a for Park College to Head - UMD’s is Saturday state. our for future brighter a creating are teachers Maryland's families &amp; children grieving helping work her for 2014 the as selected being on March-Grier Annette MD's to Congrats campus? @JohnsHopkins the from operated is Hubble that know you Did birthday! 24th @HubbleTelescope's was Yesterday Maryland. in season third its film will @HouseOfCards and agreement an reached we've that announce to Pleased Amsterdam. in House Frank Anne the visit to opportunity the had have to Pleased suit. follow should Congress bill, passed Assembly Gen. the &amp; @GovernorOMalley in Here @SenatorCardin: MT Baltimore. in Mall Town Old of redevelopment the like projects sustainable smart, support to assistance Fund Impact announced we Today growth economic spur &amp; neighborhoods revitalize to cities &amp; towns MD’s in reinvests Fund Impact The awareness raise to night every blue bright House Government lighting We're Month. Awareness Autism National is April diagnosed. children sixty-eight in one with families, Maryland of thousands affects disorder spectrum Autism support. autism and cost-reduction care medical in leader national a become has MD 2009, in Autism on Commission a creating Since status immigration of regardless students, more to available college affordable of the making VA see to Glad Year. the of Teacher National the named being on McComb Sean teacher High Patapsco to Congratulations school. high after career a or college for students his preparing tirelessly - teacher a be to means it what embodies McComb Sean Y… of Teacher National named teacher Md 3rd the is @Mr_McComb best. the are teachers our b/c great are schools Maryland @MdPublicSchools: RT Maryland. in to bill a sign I before right - 5/5/14 on 10am at Reddit a in participating be I'll that share to Happy act. to Congress for time it's Now year. this #1010 to to state 3rd the becoming on Hawaii to Congrats #1010 better do can We poverty. of out Americans lift &amp; economy our grow to opportunity missed a was to failure Senate's The fairness. poverty. in family their raise to have should time full works who Nobody Maryland. in we why That's rules. the by plays and hard works that family every to dignity . and Maryland join to Congress for time It's prosperity. and growth economic … . to act to Congress for time it's agree you if RT Americans. million 28 for wages higher @WhipHoyer: RT http:/… today @WhiteHouse the at $ to wage min their raise to voted who legislators Maryland have to Great @DavidAgnew44: RT … @BikeLeague states. bike-friendly for 10 TOP in @StateMaryland announces .@GovernorOMalley @MDOTNews: RT @LucyFlores. Governor, Lt. next Nevada’s with time spending Enjoyed http… Dinner! JJ @ClarkDems tonight's at keynote his to forward Looking @GovernorOMalley! with speak and meet to Delighted @AaronDFordNV: RT DC. in wknd this hi say to love Would . at here Maryland repping is @GovernorOMalley hear I @ReidScott_: MT there. you see to Hope Dinner. Jackson Jefferson @ClarkDems at speech my to edits final few A hello. say and by Come @Yahoo. w/ sitting be will I &amp; Katie @ReidScott_ @GovernorOMalley Vegas, to welcome @ClarkCountyFD the &amp; 1908 Local of behalf On @ProudToRescue: MT you w/ be to Great evening. wonderful and welcome warm the for @ClarkDems the of all and @DinaTitus, @rlange9, @HarryReid, you Thank answer. to best my do I'll and questions your post and by Stop Eastern. 9am at Reddit a hosting I'm Reddit my at question first my Answering $ to wage minimum Maryland’s raise will that legislation signed just I ht… jobs. supporting family creating &amp; economy our into money injecting raise a receive will families Maryland @StateMaryland: RT forward us moves wage minimum the Raising administration. my of Star North the been has class middle the expanding years, eight last the For families. MD for raise a poverty. in family their raise to have should time full works who nobody b/c to fought We energy green &amp; credts tax EV in leader a Maryland making today, law into credit tax vehicle electric the of extension an sign to Great Plant Marsh White GM the at MD in here right jobs creating we're and nation the in best the law this consider @UAW and @GM Both row. a in years five for ONE NUMBER schools MD's making for you Thank Day. Appreciation Teacher Happy success. your in played family and teammates role the about speech Moving award. MVP NBA first his on @KDTrey5 native MD to Congratulations MD in here right Sparks @Chevrolet more build to us allow will credit tax EV the extend to signed I bill The forward. moving keep to needs Maryland what He's years. 7+ past the for has he as just tonight, leadership strong demonstrated .@BrownforMD … now! RSVP . in fundraiser week's next at us joining be will @GovernorOMalley that announce to pleased I'm @Bakari_Sellers: RT you. of proud so am I weekend. this graduating is girl little my believe Can't Delaware &amp; Maryland in jobs paying good these keep to work We'll AstraZeneca. buy to trying Pfizer about concerned I &amp; .@GovernorMarkell … MD. &amp; in families 5,700 impact cld @Pfizer by @AstraZenecaUS of acquisition poss. Concerned @GovernorMarkell: RT city. this in linebackers great of tradition strong a have we - @TreyDeuce32RTR Baltimore, to Welcome today. college from graduated who Tara, daughter our of prouder be couldn't I &amp; Katie today. celebrated being moms wonderful the of all to Day Mother's Happy week this Championships Rugby School High National the in competing girls school high Rugby Bay North to luck Good Marylanders. all for security retirement ensuring on focus to today force task a established we announce to Pleased equation. that of part key a is workers MD of security retirement the ensuring and work, our of focus central a is class middle the Growing celebration! the Join yr. this anthem nat'l our of anniv. 200th the about talking today @PressClubDC at be to Great http://… @BillClinton President - is" Brown Anthony what that's - leader a be to have you and plan a have to got "You've @BrownforMD: RT leadership. their for @HRC &amp; @EqualityMD to &amp; work hard his for @RichMadaleno to Congrats today. Act Marylander All for Fairness the Signed couples same-sex to benefits health extended and MDers, transgender against discrimination outlawed equality, marriage passed we've MD, In (1/2) land. of acres 22,000 protecting - 50% by system wildlands state's our expand will that today bill a signed also I've (2/2) future the in developed or used be they'll how abt question no be can there so today, areas these preserve to responsibility our It's responsibility. fiscal &amp; schools better jobs, more budget: MD year's This priorities. those reflects budget our and administration, my of Star North the been has opportunity expanding and jobs Creating (1/2) to rate unemployment state's our down driving month, last jobs 9,300 gained Maryland (2/2) together. class middle stronger a building are we but jobs, more create &amp; opportunity expand to do to work more have still We speaker commencement their as Medicine of School UofMD the of Class Graduation 2014 the join and congratulations say to honor great my is It hearts. and hands your of work the bless God May graduates. Medicine of School Maryland these to you thank State, our of behalf On win? to going is Who Pimlico. at family with Stakes Preakness the Enjoying Trafficking. Human on Conference Governor’s Annual 3rd the off kicked I and Rosenstein J. Rod Attorney Baltimore, in Today children. them of many victims, its on horrors unimaginable imposes trafficking human Maryland, in here right to Nigeria From justice. to them bring &amp; predators these find to efforts our on building We're lows. 30-year to crime violent down driven we’ve Together, practice despicable this from families MD protect better we'll traffickers, for penalties tougher &amp; awareness public coordination, more With 2010: in than waters Maryland in oysters many as twice have We oysters. billion plant &amp; produce to efforts our with along off, paying is sanctuaries oyster no-harvest expanding of strategy Our restoration oyster with help to efforts students' about talk and football flag play to recently @hcpss_dms visited I ups: start tech promotes competition The winners. Challenge InvestMaryland 4 the to each $100k awarded I Yesterday, concussion. a for assessed be should who athletes identify to sensor helmet-mounted a developed has @BrainSentry winner Sciences Life MD. Frederick, to Virginia West from moved recently @luminalHQ, company computing cloud winner, Cybersecurity The patients. of needs social the address helping is @JohnsHopkins, of out up start a .@HealthifyUS, income-level. and age, gender, of regardless care best-quality obtain patients helps @ClickMedix Gaithersburg-based jobs. family-sustaining create &amp; companies new start technologies, cutting-edge develop who innovators supporting to committed is MD here: thrive and grow companies Challenge InvestMaryland the of all watching to forward look I article. Excellent congratulations. deserved, Well @jackandraka … Murray Dominick Sec. + @GovernorOMalley by honored winners stage: on brainpower entrepreneurial Much @MDBiz: RT http://… Trees. Ash the save Help Week. Awareness Borer Ash Emerald this declared has .@GovernorOMalley @MdAgDept: RT MA. in weekend last championship nat. the at showing excellent their for Girls HS Rugby Bay North to Congratulations today. Annapolis in flying @BlueAngels the see to Great families. more for affordable more college make to efforts our about words kind Kirwan's Dr. Appreciate today's at graduates @UofMaryland congratulating be to thrilled I'm possible. stories their are America in Only America. Latin from emigrated he @presidentloh, Like Torres. Sergio speaker student to Congrats discovery &amp; innovation of renaissance a also but institutions, dysfunctional &amp; crises with riddled world a enter you '14, of Class liberate. &amp; question ideas Your excuse. by dictate ideologies Yesterday's ideologies. not ideas, of world a is century 21st The life. to conducive are that conditions the advance and create, preserve, to calling urgent single a share We creation. life-giving a of story on-going the with forward story our carry to - ancestors great become to time have still We TERPS! Go 2014! of Class to congrats huge extend I &amp; .@governoromalley @presidentloh: RT WATCH at @GovernorOMalley have to happy we’re Reasons 5 Top @UofMaryland RT me! having for Thanks graduates. college 2014 the of all to Congratulations costs down hold to Maryland in made we’ve choices the and affordable more college making on piece Post Huffington My weekend? this visiting you are beaches MD other What them? of one you Are weekend. this @OCMaryland to headed are people of Lots clip: the Watch morning. this @OCMaryland, spot, travel beach popular most MD's at live was .@TheTodayShow haunts: favorite readers' our of some are Here weekend? long the over @OCMaryland to Going @baltimoresun: RT HUDStat. via management performance driving great done He's director. OMB new named being on @ShaunHUD to Congrats Cabinet. the in Vilsack Tom @USDA's &amp; @anthonyfoxx join mayor another see to Glad Secretary. HUD outstanding an be will .@JulianCastro Congrats! commencement. her at her surprise to Afghanistan from returned dad grad's @JohnsHopkins This story! Great Address Commencement UofMD my at Behind-the-scenes everything." transforms that transformation the is change "Climate guns and health mental about conversation national a for overdue We're heartbreaking. is CA in shooting mass recent The team. the and Reese Coach to Congrats championship. national the won just @MarylandWLax HUGE! Champions. National Lacrosse Women's 2014 Your @umterps: RT God under Nation, one for - meet never will they generations and neighbors family, for everything gave who women &amp; men the remember we Today initiatives hiring veteran established upon expand or incorporate to employers MD encouraging we're 1, June Starting Annapolis. in music street play still can I MD of governor as that love I Dinner. Roosevelt annual their at Democrats Massachusetts with speaking before edits and review Final Angelou. Dr. peace, in Rest existed." [she] For better. be and Be be. can "We eloquently. so speak words own Her @astro_reid. Godspeed, Station. Space Int'l the to launch to scheduled is MD Cockeysville, from Wiseman Reid Cmdr. hours, about In here: live Station Space Int’l the to launch MD Cockeysville, from Wiseman Reid Cmdr. Watch 2025. by road the on vehicles emission zero million putting by smog &amp; gas greenhouse reduce to states other 7 with partnering is MD goals. climate &amp; quality air our achieving and transportation sustainable more healthier, creating to essential are vehicles emission Zero jobs. create &amp; industry cybersecurity MD's expand to Roundtable Cybersecurity Maryland the launched I &amp; @SenatorBarb Today borders virtual America’s secure to fight the leading &amp; information personal protect to solutions driving jobs, cybersecurity creating We’re Louie. dog my w/ school the near me find could you ago 40yrs HS Chase Bethesda-Chevy at class graduating Told Maryland: to start-ups tech new attracting are investments Our bills: hospital lowering is which hospitals, Maryland at care uncompensated down driving are We Maryland. in bills hospital lowering already is patients uninsured in drop The Summit Youth School Green MD the at today hit a was @GovernorOMalley @ashleyvalis: MT blast. a was It Ashley. Thanks, Experiences." "Blessed for signing book a for @Clyburn w/ be to Great everything. transforms that transformation the is change Climate plants power existing from pollution CO2 reduce to plan President's the applaud I plan. a have we but rise, level sea to states vulnerable most nation's among is Maryland jobs. 37k creates &amp; renewables, from energy of 25% generates 25%, by emissions reduces plan reduction carbon MD’s @StateStat progress our Track change. climate to relate goals strategic 16 administration’s my of 3 2018 by 20% MD in crime violent down drive to is goal Our safe. people keeping is responsibility sacred most Govt's progress: our Follow MD. in 32% by homicides &amp; by crime violent down driven we’ve 2007, Since 500. Fortune the into moving on Communications @Discovery Maryland-based to Congrats Act. Safety Firearms the of anniv. 1-yr the on O'Malley Gov thank moms MD Our @MomsDemand: MT together. work to Great still. stronger even it make &amp; jobs create to continue will we together leadership, @ltgovbrown's with and stronger, getting is economy Our 877-877. to FOOD txt or at free Find summer. this can teens &amp; kids Maryland @Orioles the middle stronger a of fan a He's today. @AFLCIO the at @RichardTrumka see to Great http:/… begin comeback the let &amp; MD Vote America. of Taste @RollCall's in wings Buffalo to fall cant crabcakes @SenatorCardin: RT … want! they jobs the find our help and own state's our with involved Get @UMUC: RT @StateMaryland: RT MD. in 1812 of War the of story the tell will which Trail, Historic National Banner Star-Spangled the of opening the announcing I'm Today state. other any in than battles and raids more in invader unforgiving an encountered citizens MD 1812, of War the in ago, centuries Two fore. the at was Maryland &amp; herself, defend and together hold to able was nation young diverse our that is 1812 of War the the of legacy The http://… @Maryland state." our was that and nation, the saved and up stood state "One @GovernorOMalley @CountyExecBaker: RT support! your for @GovernorOMalley you Thank @BrianFrosh: RT ? vs Regionals Super the in @UMTerpsBaseball 4 ready U R @GovernorOMalley @UMTerpsHRclub: MT ready I'm Cubs. Chicago the by night last round 2nd the in drafted getting on @jstinnett7 Pitcher @UofMaryland to Congratulations history. of course the changed &amp; Normandy of beaches the stormed division infantry 29th famed the from Marylanders today, ago yrs 70 1944. 6, June on Normandy in landings historic the made who all to gratitude unceasing owe We watch should You orbit. earth single lapse time a - space from Vine first the posted Wiseman Reid astronaut Maryland Tickets: 630pm. at open Doors Soundstage. Baltimore at tonight 47 Black for open March O’Malley’s band my see Come @UMTerpsBaseball. for today win Big http:… sense. common just It's chance. fighting a have hard working those so in to bill a signing I'm @GovPeterShumlin: RT … Delegates! of House the for campaign our endorsed @GovernorOMalley news! Big @nickcstewart: RT season. outstanding an on team baseball @UMTerpsBaseball entire the and @UMDCoachSzefc to Congratulations announcement. Trail Banner Star-Spangled week's last from a with summer patriotic a off Kicking jobs. good-paying create &amp; restoration Island Poplar expand @PortofBalt, strengthen will bill The . signing for @BarackObama Thanks yours? What's ballot. your cast to plan a have you if vote to likely more and MD in tomorrow starts voting Early services. registration online our bolstering &amp; registration, day same voting, early on-site enabling by access voting expanded we’ve MD, In system justice our within debt their paid have who women &amp; men Marylanders, rehabilitated 52,000 as many as re-enfranchise moved also We've visit information, more For tomorrow. starts Maryland in voting primary early Again, it of advantage take should you why Here's today! starts voting early : Attention @BenJealous: RT county: by locations your up Look early. vote to Marylanders encouraging morning this Out http:… work! hard their for volunteers thank to office City Baltimore our by stopped @GovernorOmalley . @BrownforMD: RT state: other any than tuition college of cost the down hold to Maryland in more done we've says Post Wash The year. a 3% at increases capped we've Since, 2007. in years 4 for tuition froze We Banner. Star-Spangled the of anniversary 200th the of honor in to today @Smithsonian the at represent to Great today. together us holds it &amp; written was Banner Star-Spangled the when 1814 in together flag our held dignity human of thread The Governor for Brown Anthony endorses Sun Balt. @BrownforMD: MT congrats! endorsement; @baltimoresun the earned Anthony pictures your with me at Tweet forget. never we'll that ones the and there, out dads the of all to Day Father's Happy http://t… kids grand and sons my me, in on lives legacy his but years 7 for Dad my had Only Day. Fathers Happy @GovernorOMalley @RayLehr: RT sharing. for much so you Thank picture. Terrific @jlschuster827 dads! all to Here's Governor! pic Great @GovernorOMalley @roswellencina: RT Jim. picture, that sharing for you Thank @JimFranke picture. that sharing for you Thank father. your to Day Father’s Happy @chelsea_said_it range? the on fare you How’d sharing. for you Thank @sarahxc5 you? are one Which picture! that sharing for Thanks Nancy, @nancyduden environment. life-sustaining our of health the on first depends prosperity our -- real is change climate of threat The 2025. by Point Tipping Bay Healthier a reach &amp; Bay Chesapeake the restore to goal a set we MD, In cover. forest increase to legislation passed &amp; 2020 by 25% gasses greenhouse reduce to plan 2006, since 200% by plantings crop increased We and - progress: our Follow identity Maryland’s with intertwined resource environmental irreplaceable and unique a is Bay Chesapeake The watershed. Bay the in citizens all to accessible ways transparent &amp; open in Bay the restore to platform common a is agreement Bay Today's Ghana. against match Cup World their in team Soccer National Men’s the to luck of Best assist. huge a had @MarylandMSoccer from @gzusi and -- the for win Great htt… support. your have to honored Very tonight! me with participants greeting for @GovernorOMalley you Thank @DavidSloan26: RT work hard their for vols George's Prince thanking @GovernorOMalley @BrownforMD: MT tonight. energy of Lots area. your in locations and times find to Visit Maryland. in to day last the is Tomorrow today! voters to talking out are supporters youngest our Even @BrownforMD: RT here: info More tomorrow. is day Last Maryland. in of advantage took you if Reply yesterday! voted I @GovernorOMalley @RuralMaryland: RT ends before you join to friends your Ask Great! ballot: your cast to plan a make and location your Find Maryland. in to day last the is Today Locations: . to day last the on ticket @kenulman / @BrownforMD the for Campaigning weekend. this @iowademocrats and @AppelforIowa, @BruceBraley, @Senator_Hatch, with campaign to Excited … today. Arbor Ann in @GovernorOMalley with campaigning time great a had I and .@LisaBrown39 @MarkSchauer: RT Dinner. Fame of Hall 2014 their at @SenatorHarkin honor they as @iowademocrats join to Excited remarks. his finishes @Senator_Hatch as ovation standing A @iowademocrats: RT Beaverdale. in off kick canvass their at @iowademocrats County Polk with Gathered visit! ur with Iowa of geeks political indulging 4 TY @HeavenAndBalder @LoudAndLiberal: MT time. great a Having America and Maryland of story the Iowa, and Baltimore of story the -- us of story the about @IowaDemocrats to Talking home at stronger ourselves making by part large in world, the led and world, the thrilled that country the been we've years, 235 For succeed. to president their for prayed they fail, to president their for pray not did great America made who patriots The courage inspired they fears; America’s to appeal didn’t They it. to aspired they learning; and science belittle didn’t founders Our smarter? children our make will education less much how - class middle America’s for less” of “future a prescribe would who those To more. do must We less. doing by problems our solve not will We us. to back gives she more the country, our make we stronger The grows economy &amp; customers more have businesses money more earn workers When has. Never top. the from down trickle doesn’t Prosperity results. achieves action And action. drives Belief belief. drives Hope chance. by forward move not do We choice. a is Progress @GovernorOMalley with day the of rest the campaign to off We're Democrats! excitement and energy the for Thanks @Senator_Hatch: MT go! Let’s share. Please Convention. 2014 @iowademocrats the at today earlier speech my from video full the Here’s son. his and @senatorrobhogg, @MonicaVernon, @Senator_Hatch, with IA Rapids, Cedar in campaigning time Excellent @GovernorOMalley work." important really this do to guts the having for Pat, you, "Thank @PatMurphy4Iowa: RT back! not Forward, yrs. 8 for done you've all for you thank I &amp; @ltgovbrown am. this kindness your for family @NewPsalmist the to you Thank friends with share and watch you’ll hope I that Iowa to trip my from video behind-the-scenes fun a filmed We here: location polling your find and vote to plan your Make Maryland. in Day Election is Tomorrow singing and out coming for @GovernorOMalley Thanks night! last time great a What @BrianFrosh: MT there be to Pleasure http://t.… @DonnaFEdwards @kenulman @GovernorOMalley Cc County. George's Prince in rally GOTV final our to out head to About @BrownforMD: RT location: polling your Find William. son my with Brown Anthony for vote the out Getting @ChrisVanHollen &amp; @GovernorOMalley Thanks today! support great such have to Grateful @BrianFrosh: RT GOTV Maryland. in today vote the out get to hard working volunteers Brown-Ulman the of some with break picture Quick sticker Voted I your w/ me at tweet &amp; location polling your Find Maryland. in vote to hours five then less little A James Lee Walter Mayor and @RepDonnaEdwards with Vote the Out Getting County. George's the of place polling Last story. success American true a is He Governor. as Brown Anthony with served well incredibly be will Maryland AG. outstanding an be to going He’s Bay. the restoring on leader a and laws, safety gun our strengthening on leader a was .@BrianFrosh http… Exchange: Mid-Atlantic a create to commitment new a announces @GovernorOMalley Maryland @ClintonGlobal: RT advancing! on Congratulations . by game Good health. women’s for setback a and wrong is decision This Period. boss. her by made decisions care health her have should woman No midnight: at ends Voting contest! @parademagazine’s in advance help &amp; @kenulman Join C… manager regional DB &amp; @GovernorOMalley to thx Special @StateMaryland! in proclaimed is today but surreal, So @theDrybar: RT ? you Do @presidentloh RT today. @bigtenconf the joining officially is @UofMaryland excited Very Yes! @Omar4Gonzalez and @gzusi alums MD of U Especially today. Belgium against Team Soccer Men’s the to luck of Best Navy. the of history the in Admiral Star Four female first the Howard, Michelle Admiral to Congratulations services hair w/ wine/champagne/beer serve &amp; for apply can @thedrybar like salons today -starting Happy … VOTE out! not we're but down, be may We . rally, to Time @kenulman: RT production. energy wind for Maryland offshore acres 80,000 auction to step final the took @Interior Today 2022. by 20% by MD in generation energy renewable up drive to plan our in forward step important an is news energy wind Today's production energy wind offshore like energy renewable clean, of development the encourage must we change, climate of threat the address To EM charged. devices keep and forecasts Follow Shore. Eastern upper to extended watch t-storm Severe @MDMEMA: RT @StateMaryland: RT . the of Anniversary 50th the marking in State our across join I Today, world. the change can people motivated few a that us showing for you Thank @databay_md Challenge. our for us Join scientist? a or the in interest an with techie a you Are results great w infrastructure &amp; innovation schools, in invest to choose we MD, In growth. job nat'l 200k+ of month straight 5th news: Great soon. there be 'll new the try to wait Can't weekend. last opening the on Congratulations .@BryanVoltaggio day. the throughout pics family your with me at Tweet MD. across events some to link a Here’s Day! Independence Happy MD in stand snowball Best @GovernorOMalley @MDGBmore @ashleyvalis: MT get? u did flavor What Jealous. today! office RedOwl the visit @StateMaryland @GovernorOMalley have to Excited @RedOwlytics RT wait! Can't cybersecurity. American of epicenter the Maryland make helped has which @RedOwlytics, visiting I'm Today jobs. new 9,000 nearly adding MD, in expand or open to entities cybersecurity 120 than more led have investments Our businesses: private-sector by created them of 85% almost – jobs 22,000 over created has MD year, past the In need: employers skills the in Marylanders training by workforce tomorrow's in investing We're : reached we’ve already – 2015 by 40% MD in graduates college STEM of number the increasing of goal a set We grows. economy our &amp; customers more have businesses more, earn workers When agreement. an reaching on @JohnsHopkins &amp; @1199SEIU Congrats MD: in GPI use to decision our about written also He's : about op-ed Daly Lew Great recession. the through rating top a keep to states 7 only of 1 We're agencies. 3 all by AAA rated still we're - out are ratings Credit jobs: MD create to funding private secure company the helped @RedOwlytics in investment $100k Our women. MD for control birth to access restore &amp; decision week's last counter to working for @SenatorCardin &amp; @SenatorBarb Thanks CEOs. from interference w/out decisions healthcare own their make to able be should Women @MDStateParks. supporting grant the for @LWCFCOALITION &amp; @Interior you Thank spaces? open and parks love doesn't Who death certain to back them send &amp; away children send should that country a not We're principles. our of power is have we power greatest The change. climate of impacts the seen has Chris @BarackObama: MT : we MD, In violence. domestic reduce to leaders faith together bringing is which today, Coalition Violence Domestic Interfaith the in Participated reduction a w/ it exceeded We 2012. by 25% by violence domestic reduce to goal a set We tips: energy-saving summer has @MyBGE 2015: by 15% by consumption electric reduce to aim We progress: our Track security. homeland MD's fortifying about Shore Eastern the on event Great country. our for leadership your &amp; families Maryland to commitment your for Thankful @SenatorBarb! Birthday Happy border. our at crisis humanitarian the from children for care helping about today Maryland across from leaders faith w/ discussion Powerful Baltimore East serve to @johnshopkins lab health public new a of opening the celebrated we Today over. world the and backyard, own our in here lives save will lab this at treatments and research discoveries, Our participation. business women-owned and minority increase to goals real with inclusive, economically been has construction lab's The students @SustainaFest 50 by built home model sustainable foot square 210 a House, Tiny the visiting I'm Today doing we're else what challenge-here's climate our solving of part are housing energy-efficient &amp; living Sustainable Project House Tiny @SustainaFest the supporting for @StandardSolar, of president Wiater, Scott to Thanks 20%: by deaths overdose reducing of goal our about officials local and state with talk to @AnnapolisPD to headed I face. we challenges health public serious most the of one represent deaths Overdose lethal. more &amp; available more cheaper, become has Heroin influx. this handle to system care health our prepare must We tripled. than more visits ER heroin-related of number the 2008-2013, From infrastructure. transportation job-creating in invest to need we -- right are @SenatorCardin &amp; .@SenatorBarb food. grown locally buy to Marylanders encourage to today Annapolis in cookout Local Buy a hosted We growing. demand with Baltimore, of City the and county every in one least at Maryland, in markets farmers 145 approximately now are There food local on budget meal school their of 10% about spent schools Maryland year school 2011-2012 the During cooking? you are What week? this everyday food grown locally one least at eating by Challenge Local Buy MD's in participating you Are crisis current the about @GovernorOMalley with talked We @latinorebels: MT join to pleasure a Was IA Clinton in Depot Lyon's at @GovernorOMalley &amp; Hart Rita W/Sen @RepMaryWolfe: MT Hart! Sen. &amp; you w/ be to Great by! dropped @SenatorHarkin and -- @SenateMajority &amp; Kinney Kevin for IA Liberty, N. to Came Sturgeon. Al Sen IA former - City Sioux in @Senator_Hatch for event an at one Met everywhere. fans @Orioles are There @GovernorOMalley and clergy with children refugee on morning this meeting Action-oriented @drJoshS: RT state. other any than capita) (per here kids More violence. fleeing children migrant in taken who've families MD the to you thank sincere A scoop: the us gave He ? enabling @GovernorOMalley is How @1776DC RT tonight! there be to Excited options. outstanding are Both HQ. @FBI new the for locations possible as Mall Landover &amp; Station Greenbelt named has .@usgsa goals: policy our towards progress track to MD in data used we've how about talking @1776dc I'm Tonight investment. more attract to MD in dollars public used we've how sharing @1776dc I'm capital. to access is startups for challenge biggest The row. a in years 3 for entrepreneurship &amp; innovation for state #1 the been has MD --&gt; industries new &amp; startups local in invest We @Orioles! Go it! Walk-off leaders. school as grow principals MD helps which Academy, Governor's annual the hosting we're week This nation. the in #1 are schools Maryland reason the is work Their commitment. their for educators these to Thanks yesterday. @1776dc at making decision data-driven and innovation talking time great a Had night. last music little a played Even (@hickforco). Hickenlooper John and @DemGovs the for Colorado in be to Great you: near event an Find safer. neighborhoods make to effort anti-crime an Out, Night National is Tonight name. team their change to Redskins Washington the for time probably is it believe do I that answered and today earlier asked was I culture. &amp; individual every of dignity the of respectful more &amp; another one of understanding more become we generation every in that hope We 2018: of end the by 20% by Maryland in crime violent reducing of goal our meet to track on We're safer neighborhoods our making about residents with talking Baltimore, in Out Night National spent I costs. healthcare control &amp; hospitalizations preventable reduce to efforts our about talking @WesternMDHealth, at today Cumberland in I'm 2011 since decrease an seen We've 2015. of end the by 10% hospitalizations preventable reduce to is goal Our theater historic renovated &amp; library new the visited and today, @Hagerstown_MD in Goat Gourmet the by stopped I crabmeat. MD sustainable promotes which campaign, Blue True the to money donating They're today. Brewery @FlyingDog visited I 2 ideas innovative your about more learning to forward Looking finalists! @DataBay_MD Congrats hr. $12/ of pay avg &amp; $9/hr, of wages starting with chain burrito a @Boloco, at w/@GovernorOMalley today Lunch @LaborSec: MT @boloco today wage minimum the raising about talked &amp; burritos rolled I &amp; .@LaborSec @LaborSec? Right, poverty. in family their raise to have should time full works who one No more: Learn US.” the in proposal boldest "the called been have costs healthcare control to innovations Our revolution" healthcare amazing "an MD in costs healthcare control to efforts innovative our calls .@businessinsider by hospitalizations preventable reduced we've model, fee-for-service the from away moving By care. patient streamlining &amp; problems healthcare addressing &amp; mapping effectively we're exchange, info. health our W/ 1812 of War &amp; Banner Spangled Star the of birth the commemorating , the for plans announced we Today more: learn &amp; schedule events the out Check @denycegraves. &amp; @KChenoweth @smokey_robinson, @BaltSymphony, @JohnLithgow, featuring concert a include will celebrations 13 Sept. Our to go or @themdta and @mdsha, @mdmema, follow closures, road and warnings flood flash on updates For Maryland: in reductions crime record of year consecutive 7th our is This 1975: in began reporting since reported ever has MD rate crime lowest the &amp; crimes total of number lowest the is This improvements: security &amp; safety public for awards @GSNGovtSecNews won recently @portofbalt &amp; .@BWI_Airport response: emergency our improve to center dispatch medical &amp; fire, security, police, @BWI_Airport the upgraded We've the in ports secure most the of one become has &amp; Program" Security Seaport Notable "Most named was .@portofbalt challenge @DataBay_MD month's this during created to app an MyBay, at look behind-the-scenes a Watch together. occasions happy more many celebrating to forward Looking O'Malley! Katie birthday, Happy … : 2 call @GovernorOMalley's answered Bucks Bay finalist @DataBay_MD how C pm: this inspired Get @MDEnvironment: RT McCann Colum &amp; @StenyHoyer, @RepCummings, up you’re ALS the in participate &amp; contribute to Happy Bladensburg. of Battle 1812's of War the commemorating monument, Battle” in “Undaunted the dedicate helping I'm Today, 1814. 24, August on Capital Nation’s our defending died &amp; fought who all to tribute a represent monument this on men The events: upcoming other out Check celebration. the of part is event Today's events: upcoming other out Check celebration. the of part is event Today's school: Elementary Holabird at school to back students City Baltimore welcomed I Today row: a in years 5 for #1 ranked been have schools public MD education, in made we investments the of Because literacy: environmental &amp; education STEM pre-K, in investments new with innovate, to continuing We're academy principals 1st our &amp; evaluations new w/ principals &amp; teachers good developing progress, our continuing We're totally. you love I Katie. anniversary, Happy Maryland. in @VeepHBO having love We Comedy. a in Actress Lead for Emmy her on @OfficialJLD to Congratulations Hyattsville in School Elementary @EdwardMFelegy toured and lunch serve helped I Today lunch over eating healthy about talking today, Hyattsville in School Elementary @EdwardMFelegy at kids With construction. school in invested we've billion $ nearly the of part year, this new brand is School Elementary .@EdwardMFelegy Elementary: Holabird at met I kids the of video this Watch Monday. on school to back went @BaltCitySchools Bay the restore to ideas their about talk participants challenge @Databay_md tonight's hear to great was It Bay: Chesapeake the restore to making we're progress the about more Learn family. Harris the with are prayers &amp; thoughts Our wife. his of loss tragic the on Harris Andy Cong. to condolences deepest our extend We today enjoy we protections the of many won and for fought who women &amp; men working the to Happy water: &amp; land our protect to priority a it making is MD later, years 50 9/3/64. on signed was Act Wilderness The soil. the improve &amp; erosion prevent nutrients, plant recycle to helping numbers, record in crops cover planting are farmers MD year, This Bay: Chesapeake the restoring to commitment our reaffirmed we Today, football? some for ready you Are campaigns: their to contribution a Split support. our deserve who leaders 5 O’Team. The Meet spaces: green up clean &amp; neighborhoods our improve hungry, the feed to working are Marylanders 11-28, Sept From at volunteer to up sign &amp; events Find Chicago. in event Durbin" con "Unidos an at others &amp; @LuisGutierrez @SenatorDurbin, with be to Great . to need we how about talking Chicago in are I &amp; .@GovernorQuinn grows. economy the and more spend they more, earn workers when agree: I &amp; .@GovernorQuinn Campaign. Coord. IA the &amp; @daveloebsack @Senator_Hatch, @BruceBraley, for City Iowa in canvassers up fired of Lots @wisdems cc: @Burke4WI. for doors knock to out went they before students @UWMadison with Selfie @TheDemocrats @DemGovs @WisDems cc: @Burke4WI! for up fired &amp; feet their on 're in crowd Huge us! with tonight here being for &amp; introduction the for @GovernorOMalley to Thanks @Burke4WI: MT us! having for Thanks Wisconsin. better a for leaders great @ChrisAbeleMKE, &amp; @Burke4WI with be to Honored (1/3) reprehensible. and shocking, horrible, was assault domestic this of morning this released video The (2/3) Ruth of House the supporting consider Please violence. domestic of scourge the end help to more do can Everyone (3/3) children: and women against violence reduce to doing is Maryland what about Learn week: this @FtMcHenryNPS of Battle the of anniversary 200th the celebrate to wait can't I forward. way better a create us help will Banner Star-Spangled the of story the remembering hope I division, by plagued is nation our As : @FtMcHenryNPS today flag American live a recreating are students MD 7000 than More at us join and more Learn week. all Banner Star-Spangled the of Anniversary 200th the commemorating We're : flag American living a formed students Maryland while video some took I recreation. today's at &amp; there was Myrtle old 103-year too. ago years 100 @FtMcHenryNPS flag US living a created Baltimoreans @PompeianOils: - training job employer-led an - camp boot manufacturing EARN 1st the off kicked I Today industries. high-demand in jobs good for skills new obtain Marylanders helping by opportunity of ladders new offers training Employer-led 20%: by training skills receive who Marylanders of number the increase to track on We're many. so of sacrifice and service the remember we And day. this on lives their lost who those remember we Today ago. years 200 Baltimore defend to march militia's MD the commemorate to @MD_Army_Guard the with Park Patterson at morning this spent I Maryland. of best the represent They freedom. our defend to sacrifices made have Airmen &amp; Soldiers Citizen our now, and Then great. are They . the in part taking is @PTXofficial that grateful So morning. this there playground new a dedicated We history. Baltimore's in role important an played has Hill Federal . in @FtMcHenryNPS at on going is celebration @StarSpangled200 incredible An America. for and Baltimore for night powerful Amazing, . in weekend Great celebration. the in part take could March O'Malley's Thrilled crew! and cast done Well flag! a** big a is need we all -- Opera" Rock The -- "1814 to citation Governor's Park! Patterson at night Great installation: of Video MD. in residence Governor's the at Douglass Frederick of portrait a unveiled we Yesterday Knox. Simmie artist, the w/ night last from one Here's selifies. on piece your read .@wpjenna, Maryland. in baseball October to forward Looking title. Division East AL their on @Orioles Baltimore the to Congratulations time. in just service MARC weekend started we like Looks them: for resources few A minors. unaccompanied housing families for help of outpouring ’s for Grateful challenge? the accept to willing you Are change. climate on to choices better made has Maryland list: species endangered the from squirrel fox Delmarva the remove to working is that team the With possible. is conservation on progress real that us reminds event today's But species. extinct back bringing at chance second a get don’t We One." Number Right "Civil called King Dr. what is vote to right The Day. Registration Voter National is Today registration same-day and voting early on-site enabling by polls the to access expanded we've states, other to contrast in Maryland, in Here Visit 4th. November on vote to right their exercise affiliation, party of regardless everywhere, Marylanders hope I begin? voting early does When @GovernorOMalley @geekjutsu: RT question same w anyone for info More 23. October James, year! new healthy happy, a for wishes Best Hashanah. Rosh celebrating those all to tovah L'shanah today Foundation Memorial Jr. King, Luther Martin the from Award Democracy of Leaders the receive to Pleased htt… card! the liked you hope I office! County George's Prince @BrownforMD the by stopping for @GovernorOMalley you Thank @KAlexWallace: RT office. field George’s Prince the at team @KenUlman / @BrownforMD the for Phone-banking today. team Brown-Ulman the for volunteer to Sign-up away! month one is Vote Early - Marylanders at Volunteer - of part as meals prepare to Annapolis in Lighthouse The Visited involved got you why and when share please them among you’re If . during volunteered have who Marylanders 22,000 the to you Thank Maryland! in hunger end will we Together, us! Join http://t… (@GovernorOMalley). experience more w/ person the to him gave I baby. a handed was I @LucyFlores: RT America Central in violence fleeing chldren for Maryland in doing we're all about talk to @jorgeramosnews joining Good … @ThisIsFusion. on 10p at night tomorrow airs interview Full @GovernorOMalley! to speaking .@jorgeramosnews @ThisIsAmerica: RT globe. the across share we goal a is class middle the Expanding @NarendraModi. Minster Prime with meet to Pleased @ThisIsAmerica situations. deadly feeling are who children these by right doing of off eye our taken not have We midnight: before O’Team the to contribution a Split tonight. deadlines fundraising with candidates great Five appreciated. Truly Nick. you Thank @skorpyos youth. MD 4 outcomes improve to challenge doing 4 Heights, Forest &amp; Heights Fairmount Rainer, Mt. @PrinceGeorgesMD, Kudos, Baltimore. in back is Series World the until @Orioles! go we Here ALCS. the for Baltimore to back come and Detroit in one get Let’s O’s. the for inning 8th amazing Another but them, for year great and starters tough some have Tigers ALCS. the for home return to O’s the for wait Cant series! a What htt… Northeastern at O'Malley Martin from hear to Excited does. Maryland what that's politics, and football, Crabcakes, @collegedemsofbc: RT http:… March. O'Malley's band, his in backup 4 auditioned &amp; @marthacoakley for event an at @GovernorOMalley Joined @MattOMalley: RT benefit. businesses &amp; do to thing right the it's -- campaign @BestBuddies support I hunger: student end to strides making is which School, Square Franklin at kindergarteners with today breakfast had I : of high all-time an reached has Program Breakfast School our in Participation stomach. empty an on concentrate to hard It's too. students, better them makes it and do, to thing right the is children hungry Feeding hunger. end help to @MDFoodBank to food of lbs. 33,405 donated and month last together came Marylanders difference. a make can states &amp; cities how showing You're . on leading for &amp; @MMViverito, shout-out, the for Thanks baseball? Orioles for ready is else Who Baltimore. to returns Series World the until but story, underdog City’s Kansas appreciate I O’s. go Let’s Breathe us. with town the on out being and Minnesota to coming for you thank you, meet to great @GovernorOMalley @danschoen54a: RT … together." work wings both when best flies Eagle American "Our tonight. @governoromalley meeting pleasure A @Obermueller2014: RT Dinner Day Founders annual ninth our to @GovernorOMalley welcome to proud are We @MinnesotaDFL: MT me. having for you Thank top. the at those just not everyone, for works that economy an needs MI that showed He debate. tonight's dominated .@MarkSchauer here: right is register to need you information the All Maryland. in vote to register to day last the is Today word: the spread to RT today: tool this use Just Maryland. in online vote to register even can You ht… Elem Station Hollifield w/ site restoration stream @ tour Results" for "Governing @GovernorOMalley NOW @AccessDNR: RT @StateMaryland: RT Bay: Chesapeake the along erosion controlling on worked I &amp; students school elementary City Ellicott morning, This self-sustaining become will Bay the restore to efforts our when Point Tipping Bay Healthier the toward working We're service. of lifetime Anthony's about word the spread and Star' 'Bronze share to RT @BrownforMD: RT @MCDCC @VoteIkeLeggett @BrianFrosh @BrownforMD @kpwalling selfie. that of side other the Here’s time. a at game One O’s. go Let’s year. next to forward Looking @Orioles. run, postseason and season exciting an for you Thank violence: domestic to response our coordinate &amp; strengthen to action announced we Today safer. children &amp; women make to together work all MD in officials &amp; delegation congressional MD's &amp; @SenatorBarb personnel, enforcement Law continues: progress our and 2006, since 26% by children &amp; women against violence down driven we've Together, tonight debate the during message that deliver him watching to forward look I and families, Iowa for champion a is Braley Bruce year? this vote to plan your What’s 23rd. October on starts voting Early Brown. Anthony for campaigning Baltimore In prepare. to doing we're what about am this Marylanders updated I lightly. situation Ebola the taking not are We shortly. kick-off to About Iowa. against game football Homecoming Maryland's before Stadium Byrd Outside game. Terps the before Ulman Ken and Brown Anthony for waving sign Some @ydnc. t-shirt, the for Thanks @kayhagan! re-elect you til days 17 @NCDemParty. the w/ Asheville in time great a Had 23. Oct. on starts vote Early @BarackObama. w/ event the before @RepCummings &amp; @BrownforMD with Backstage ensure to this Retweet know: to need you what Here's 23. Oct. on starts vote Early . &amp; to efforts discuss to yesterday &amp; @sr_simone seeing Great here: Info year. this 11/4 before ballot your Cast Maryland. in TOMORROW starts Voting Early doing: we're what of some here's But escalator. down a up running like is Bay the of health the Restoring @llyydddzz hashtag the w/ tweeting by sticker voted' 'I your Share today? Voting @BrownforMD: RT today. earlier Texas of University the at supporters Davis Wendy join to Happy guitar! the me loaned Dodgers Tomato the of Asher @mddems. &amp; @BrownforMD for Park College in event vote early Great @thedbk @BrownforMD for mall McKeldin at @GovernorOMalley Here's @sung_minkim: MT early! vote @CollegeDemsofMD hope I how: Here's voting. early encourage to in Festival Street Main Waverly the to Went @mddems. &amp; @BrownforMD for early voting about talking @BELBaltimore w/ Baltimore in day Great @mddems. &amp; @BrownforMD for early vote to people encouraging today Baltimore in were I &amp; @SenBillFerg .@BELBaltimore, virus by affected travelers monitoring for plan active our &amp; Ebola to respond to efforts on today Marylanders Updated infection of instances possible any to response smooth ensure to together working We're world. in facilities care health best of some has MD share: &amp; more Read NIH. the Maryland, of University the Hopkins, Johns at experts with procedures these developed We yet? voted early you have week… One @Marice_Morales. candidate Delegate 19 District w/ Metro Glenmont at Campaigning yet? voted you Have night. bank phone Talktober Campaign Coordinated County Montgomery the at supporters with Meeting MD in Vote Early to day last is Tomorrow Station. Metro Carrollton New at ticket Ulman / Brown the for Campaigning cybersecurity. American of epicenter the MD make to doing we're work the about at spoke I Today jobs. STEM for #1 MD named Chamber US the &amp; cybersecurity, like innovation &amp; infrastructure schools, in investing we're jobs, create To us! joining for @IndianEmbassyUS Thanks, House. Government at night last celebration Diwali wonderful a had We @sam_arora. &amp; @arunamiller @KumarBarve, with celebrating pleasure a was It at place polling a -find vote early of day last the Today's today! early voted I Tuesday. Vote @tomhucker. &amp; @jamie_raskin w/ being great Always Spring! Silver in Brown/Ulman for enthusiasm of Lots here: signup but there, some meet or friend a Bring Maryland. across all Brown Anthony for opportunities Volunteer @courtneywatson1 @kenulman @joshkiiim: MT tonight. County Howard in you w/ being great was It Tuesday. @BrownforMD Vote tonight. County George's Prince in Cafe Deal New the at vote the out getting blast a Had night! my made office field Howard the at @GovernorOMalley fr concert Surprise @KatCDonnelly: MT volunteering! 4 Thx @GovernorOMalley! @FRESHFARMSlvrSp, am's this at visit surprise the for Thanks @DTSilverSpring: MT time! great a Had http://t.… @BBMSPTSA @BannekerReads @Principal_BBMS families meet to door to door going staff Banneker greets @GovernorOMalley @BBMSPTSA: RT @BrownforMD. for campaigning while this @FRESHFARMSlvrSp at old &amp; young Marylanders see to Got 2016 talking tried &amp; @GovernorOMalley met I dream a had @KhyChestnut: MT @carter4governor. &amp; @MichelleNunnGA for I'm GA? In 2014! talk Let's vote: to Pledge tonight. in ticket Dem. the &amp; @BrianFrosh for event GOTV Awesome vote: to Pledge Tuesday. @BrownforMD for vote to people reminding @LewisYv w/ Spring Silver In Vote. 4. all opposed leadership…Hogan Dem. w/out happened would've none wage: min. the raising safety, gun Act, DREAM the equality, Marriage tomorrow. vote to family &amp; friends your remind to RT left! day ONE Only @BrownforMD: RT Maryland in progress the continue to @BrownforMD vote &amp; tomorrow for place polling your Lookup here: place polling your Find tonight. 8pm until open stay and Maryland in open are polls The place: polling your Find Governor. for Brown Anthony together. forward move &amp; progress making continue Let’s pic profile FB or avatar Twitter your as created we one the add &amp; sticker Voted" "I your of picture a w/ me at Tweet democrati… the in participating from you stop nothing Let country. this in vote to right the for died and struggled People @repjohnlewis: RT TODAY! - heard is voice your sure Make @BrownforMD: RT child go. to me inspired who someone with sticker voting my shared I @GovernorOMalley @AndreaBlackston: RT hashtag the with sticker Voted' 'I your of photo a Tweet today? for vote you Did @BrownforMD: RT here: place polling your Find pm. 8 until open are Maryland in Polls vote. to time still There's transition. smooth a ensure to him with closely work to pledged &amp; him our to spoke Just court. highest MD's of judge chief former Bell, Robert Judge colorful always the for unveiling portrait the Attended now. out it check account; an need don't You 2015. for prices &amp; plans compare to improved &amp; new the to go now can You Fidelis. Semper Corps. the in served has who present and past everyone to you Thank @USMC. the to birthday 239th Happy website: Connection Health Maryland improved and new at started get and information, find plans, Compare online. losers &amp; winners picking gatekeepers have shouldn't We approach. Neutrality Net Obama's President with agree I sacrifice. &amp; courage their for grateful We're peace." world to dedicated day a year, each of November of day 11th the "on veterans honor We today. earlier Cemetery Veterans Crownsville the at Ceremony Day Veterans comet!" the on are "We're @esaoperations: RT inspiring. absolutely away miles million 310 and years Ten tonight. @MurielBowser &amp; @MikeBloomberg seeing Great mayor. a always mayor, a Once stronger. America makes together families Keeping . to @BarackObama for the act, won't they shown have Republicans cause. great one places; great two - week this Ireland Northern in @Belfast_Beltway in involved all to luck Good Fair. Enrollment @MarylandConnect today’s from video and pictures, stories, great some for Twitter on @drJoshS with in Check @HCAMaryland @MarylandConnect words thousand a worth is picture A do? navigator a does What @drJoshS: RT jobs. enough nearly not &amp; CO2, much too it's : rejects Senate the hope I challenge. climate our meets that agenda jobs a need We Change: Climate on Commission MD the of work &amp; mission membership, the expanding order executive an issued I Today, life. of way our &amp; Bay Chesapeake the to threat this address to continue we that critical is It vulnerable. is MD &amp; real is change Climate 2020: by 25% emissions gas greenhouse reducing of goal our achieve to more do must we but progress, making We're : support to night last @VP with DC in event an at @sr_simone seeing Great work. to back get we tomorrow celebrate, we Tonight fear. in living without families their raise &amp; work now can Millions families. strengthen &amp; millions protect to actions historic @barackobama's about more learn to Visit Award. Tri-Arc CALEA prestigious the earning for @MDSP of women &amp; men brave the to Congratulations it! hold to US the in agency police state ONLY the now is &amp; Award, Tri-Arc the earn to areas program all in certification achieved .@MDSP innovation &amp; infrastructure education, in investing by -- month last ones sector private 3,900 -- jobs creating We're Thanksgiving happy and healthy, safe, a for wishes Best today: Award Colleges Community MD for Champion the with me presenting for @MD_CommColleges, you, Thank 2025: by degree bachelor’s or associate an hold will Marylanders adult of 55% that goal our meet to track on is MD olds: four-year for education pre-k to access expand to grant federal million $15 a awarded been has MD achievement. in world and nation the lead students our of more help will award Yesterday’s success. class middle to ladder a is Education reception: holiday annual our for House Government to employees state of hundreds welcomed we Today years. eight last the over forward Maryland move to worked have who employees state many the to you Thank money. taxpayer with play Street Wall letting &amp; it repealing be shouldn't We ago. years 4 just law into signed was @GovernorOMalley invite the for Thanks @ChoirWj: RT today. House Government at brunch Hanukkah the for us joined @IsraelinUSA from @AmbDermer that Honored Pantry. Food Chesapeake at hungry the feed to @WalmartGiving from $20k winning on @EndHungerCC &amp; @PastorHahn Congrats other? cream, sour sauce, apple latkes: your on prefer you do What Hanukkah. Happy season. holiday this family and friends your with joy boundless you wishing Here's Gross. Alan Maryland, to home Welcome people. Cuban &amp; American the b/t ties closer build &amp; policy Cuba our reset to time It's don't. Embargoes opportunities. creates Diplomacy parole. of possibility the without life to sentences death remaining four Maryland’s commute to intend I closure. of measure some brings this hope &amp; families victims' w/ met I MD. of people the serve not does place in sentences death Leaving remembered. be long will voice fearless clear, Cuomo's Mario tonight. family his &amp; @NYGovCuomo to out go condolences My @Ravens! 'em after Get to About England! New to On @Ravens. to Congrats families. your &amp; you serve to privilege a been It's Governor. as learned I've lessons the on reflect I as me Join roads. the on careful be &amp; updates for @MDSHA @TheMDTA Follow response. snow MD's address to SHA &amp; MEMA with Meeting http://… - more &amp; Dionne Jackson, Rev. Kristol, Kagan, O’Malley, featuring lineup Series Speaker Quarter Winter Our ICYMI: @UChiPolitics: RT challenge climate our meets that agenda jobs a need We jobs. enough nearly not &amp; CO2 much too Creates . on right is .@BarackObama 7: at in Tune tonight. @uchipolitics at @davidaxelrod joining to forward looking aside, complications Snow-related Americans. new embracing &amp; equality promoting by individual, every of dignity the value we when best works society Our generations. previous in were they as well as doing aren’t families most when economy the with wrong something is There stagnate." to continue wages when wrong something "There's @UChiPolitics at O'Malley @KThomasDC: RT lives. save &amp; crime down drive to day every work who America across &amp; Maryland in officers to you thank Day, Enforcement Law Natl On here: more Learn 2006. since by crime violent down drive to work our in way the led has enforcement Law enacted we've laws &amp; made we've choices the in kindness that reflect to sought have I &amp; people compassionate a are We of. made we're what England New show let's @Ravens, today game Big drives. two those with of made Baltimore's what *exactly* England New showing is Flacco Joe . still we but underestimated, Always season. great a but loss, Tough people. many w/so history our share celebrate, to honored was I Baltimore. to people attracted event The ! to Congrats joining! for Thanks economy. Maryland's to $333M brought we events, bicentennial 1812 of War the with Combined better work govt make to leaders of generation next w/ work &amp; professor visiting a as @JHUCarey join to Excited American every to extend should we that right fundamental a is it issue, rights states' a not is . time, about It's children. four my from learned those as valuable as none but Maryland, to service my during lessons many learned I've succeed. can workers our ensure &amp; families help wages, increase to leave paid expand &amp; call President’s the on act to needs Congress mobility. economic increase to nation a as together Let's $ to wage minimum the raising are we MD In stronger. us makes wealthy the for loopholes close &amp; inequality address to Choosing make. we choices the of result a is economy Our stagnation? wage continued not growth, of year a is 2015 ensure to class middle the for do you will What Congress. you, to up it's Now here: address Union the of State tonight's on statement my Read Maryland. of state the bless to continue God May Hogan. Gov. to luck of best and Congratulations Speech Keynote Days Washington Democrats Kansas Deliver To @GovernorOMalley Maryland Former @KansasDems: RT recs BBQ any have you if know me let @SecSebelius &amp; @PaulDavisKS March. in gala @KansasDems keynote to Excited mistake a be would exploration gas and oil to Atlantic the opening why about @NYTimes the in wrote I Today, future. energy independent and secure more a for choices better make must We future. energy clean a toward firmly move must We me? join you Will Atlantic. the along drilling offshore against up standing I'm Romero. Bishop of memory the bless God May all. to open and free is Internet our ensure to step important An interests. special above people puts announcement Today's families. for growing wages keep we ensure to is now challenge The expectations. exceeding jobs &amp; earnings both with report jobs strong Very helm. the at her have to lucky is @SenatorBarb O." "Mrs. as, her know others many as or mom my of proud Very recovery. quick a to road the on I'm &amp; well went surgery Memorial, Union at staff the to Thanks gym. the at weekend the over elbow my Broke consequences unintended mitigating while specifically, ISIS address should AUMF new The citizens our for results better produce can gov't in decision-making data-driven how on @GOVERNING with Spoke priority. national a be *must* This women. for work equal for pay equal for calling @PattyArquette Oscars: the of moment powerful Most fair. and open free, internet the keep to out spoke who millions the for victory a is on vote @FCC Today's March! O'Malley's see to chance your miss Don't fast. going are hour happy professional young Pat's St. my for Tix answer: Easy Congress? Republican the on waiting without raise a class middle the give to do we can What forward. nation and party our move can choices bold how about @SCDP with speak to Carolina South in back be to Excited workers. all for wages better for fight must we again, true come dream American the make To principles. moral our of power the is country our and party our of power fundamental most The us. breaks it before up it break must we and big too it's then fail, to big too is bank a If be. can country our what in pride take but challenges, from away run not must We nation. great a built never anger &amp; Fear future. better the of party the is Ours optimism. of party the is Ours opportunity. of party the is Ours ideas. big &amp; action bold with forward nation &amp; party our move to together work to Time Carolina! South me having for Thanks mentorship. her as well as state our to service her for grateful Very campaign. '86 @SenatorBarb's on politics Maryland in start my got I Hampshire. New to trip my at peak sneak a for GovernorOMalley at me Follow Snapchat. joined just I forward. nation and party our move to Time ! @KansasDems for heartland the in back be to Excited generation. next the for less not more, do to need We prosperity. to way our cut can't we that best know .@KansasDems … attend: to Register government. in decision-making data-driven discuss to us joins @governoromalley Wednesday @BrookingsInst: RT here: along Watch Fighters. Fire of Association International the to speaking be will I 12:30pm at Tomorrow fast. going are Tickets Hour! Happy Leaders Young Pat's St. my until days 10 Fighters: Fire of Association International the to speak I as along Watch people. working and firefighters our economy, our for bad it's but Brothers, Koch the for policy good be might unions out Wiping . me having for you Thank bargain. to right their and jobs, their safety, their for fight will who leaders deserve Firefighters 10AM: at live Watch forward. country our move to how &amp; governing data-driven discussing @BrookingsInst be to Excited level. every at - leadership of way new a for calls it &amp; states blue &amp; red both in emerging is governing data-driven of way new A CitiStat. Baltimore's inspiring &amp; policing data-driven revolutionizing for @CommissBratton &amp; Maple Jack to Shout-out goals. our accomplish to management exec &amp; follow-up need we exercise; box-checking a be just can’t level federal the at table the to Coming @BVI_INN at 3/31 on for @GovernorOMalley Governor Maryland former host will @NECouncil and Institute The @nhiop: RT here: watch can you it, missed you If morning. this @Morning_Joe on time great a Had @Morning_Joe on appearance my of more See leadership. executive want people wages, declining of years 12 After lite. Dodd-Frank of party the be can't We Glass-Steagall. reinstate &amp; seriously reform Street Wall take to need We @UAPipeTrades of Hite Bill President friend my with parade Chicago the in marching time great a Had friends. and @EndaKennyTD with tonight dinner @irlfunds at celebrating fun Had night. Thursday on concert Day Patrick's St. my at look scenes the behind a for @GovernorOMalley at @AppMeerkat on me Follow Concert. Council Leaders Young my at Thursday on you see to hope I Day. Patrick's St. Happy @umterps! go it, about question No Concert. Council Leaders Young my at play March, O’Malley’s band, my see to 7:45PM around tonight in Tune here concert Day Patrick's St. my to in Tune March. O'Malley's with minutes 45 in on Going NOW| |LIVE this. like moments more for @AppMeerkat on me Follow tonight. concert my in tuned who everyone to Thanks op-ed my See key. is Accountability possible. the of realm the outside is meltdown Street Wall another ensure must We VIDEO: has. never It work. doesn't experiment down trickle The Dinner. Blue &amp; White, Red, @ScottCoDems the for tonight Davenport in Gluba Mayor &amp; @DrAndyMc @daveloebsack, friends my with be to Excited wage. minimum for working American every of earnings combined 2x were bonuses Street Wall 2014, In FACT: crisis. financial another prevent we way only the is accountable Street Wall holding and Glass-Steagall Reinstating Dinner! Blue &amp; White, Red, your for tonight me hosting for @ScottCoDems you Thank Tipton. stop: Next Davenport. in here @ScottCoDems with breakfast over meet to morning this early Up tonight. Bluffs Council in Dems County Pottawattamie the and Gronstal Leader friend my see to Great Virginia! West Beat @TerrapinHoops! Go VIDEO: work. to supposed is economy our how not is This wage. minimum for working American every of earnings combined 2x were bonuses Street Wall year Last ! Happy times. for listings local your Check @GStephanopoulos. with speaking be I'll morning. tomorrow @ThisWeekABC to in Tune @GStephanopoulos. with conversation my for morning this @ThisWeekABC catch to forget Don't @ThisWeekABC: on @GStephanopoulos with morning this from interview my Watch ICYMI: party. other the intimidate to trying totally is and party one owns Street Wall if as It’s fight. fair a even not it’s now, Right planet. this on people as and Americans as face we problems the solve to us for needed are perspectives New Four! Final stop: Next ! @umdwbb to Congrats morning. this breakfast @nhiop's &amp; @NECouncil’s the at turn my for Hampshire New in back be to Excited dignity with retire to them allow &amp; poverty abject from seniors our save to Security Social expand &amp; strengthen to need We country. our of principles greater and deeper the for stands that party a be to got We've economy. innovation an building on conversation important an for today me hosting for @Dyn to Thanks tonight! hour social @nhyoungdems the at guitar your borrow me letting for @huckmontgomery Thanks one. this like losses tragic endured have nation the across families many too Far family. Scott's w/Walter are prayers &amp; thoughts My justice. ensure to video a take shouldn't It important. so are transparency &amp; accountability why shows it but appalling is video This … . the back bringing about speech Inspiring . @iahousedemocrat the addressing .@GovernorOMalley @StaedArt: RT Beaverdale in @GovernorOMalley for crowd packed Crazy O'Malley-mentum! that Feel @IAStartingLine: RT NOW| |LIVE 7:30! at tonight in Tune @IowaPress. on @jamesqlynch @okayhenderson, joining be to Glad ET: 8:30PM at here live Watch tonight! speak to me inviting for @PolkDems Thanks Moines. Des in back be to Excited soon! again you seeing to forward Look event. great night's last hosting for @polkdems you Thank here: along Follow together. communities bring can we how discuss &amp; address to Honored many. too one is - Scott Walter of that like - shooting police unjustified One Simpsons. The loved always I've record, the For prediction: &amp; appearance my out Check Insiders. The on @idaveprice with down sat I Iowa, in week This w/it: away do to reasons more 152 Americans. as values w/our odds at &amp; expensive, ineffective, is penalty death The economy. our for good but women, for good only not is work equal for pay Equal businesses. women-owned for state #1 MD made have to and law into Ledbetter Lilly signed have to proud Governor, As 6PM: at in Tune Everyone." for Works That Economy an "Building on @JFKJrForum Harvard's to tomorrow speak to Excited VIDEO: right. human a is it right, state a not is marry to right the that us tells person every of dignity The live: Watch @JFKJrForum. to everyone for works that economy an for agenda my out laying be I'll 6PM, at Tonight http:… Everyone" for Works That Economy an "Building on PM 6 at @GovernorOMalley FORUM the in TONIGHT @JFKJrForum: RT them. depress would that policies promoting not wages, raising be must #1 Job mistake. a be would with Proceeding Livestream: . an building on @JFKJrForum @HarvardIOP’s to speak I as tonight 6PM at along Watch balance. better a demanding are Americans crash. ’08 the after benefits retirement and homes, jobs, lost us of Millions much. as 331x earns CEO average the Today, worker. average their 46x earned CEOs 1980s, the In WWII. since happened has that time first the is This ago. years 12 were they than lower are US the in Wages organize. to workers for easier it make &amp; pay, overtime for threshold the wage, minimum the raise must We futures. students' our for norm the plans repayment income-based make and loans their refinance to students allow Let's untouchable? are you economy world’s the wreck you if but taillight, broken a for country this in over pulled get you can How overseas. jobs ship and wages hurt that Partnership Trans-Pacific the like deals trade bad end must We them. expand must we benefits, Security Social privatizing or reducing than Rather VIDEO: pay. equal &amp; Americans new for licenses driver's equality, marriage means country our in participation Fuller in. tune you'll Hope Sunday. this @FaceTheNation on @BobSchieffer with speaking to forward Looking . the on authority Track" "Fast oppose to Congress on calling in me Join @BobSchieffer. with one-on-one speaking be I'll morning. this shortly up coming @FaceTheNation watch to forget Don't http://… 'pitchforks.' not rebalancing,' 'sensible needs economy America's @NPRinskeep tells @GovernorOMalley up, Coming @MorningEdition: RT h… future. economic America's for paths 2 sees @GovernorOMalley hopeful presidential Dem Possible @MorningEdition: RT Street. Wall of deregulation &amp; power accumulated wealth, concentrated of b/c us of all for working not is economy Our wages. depress &amp; top the at wealth concentrate only which theories trickle-down failed on down doubling is GOP The home. at here economy our help to nothing does which abroad, wages lower of chasing a bottom, the to race a is everyone. for works that economy an for fight Let's 🐂. the cut to Republicans tell and me with Stand . we is it crucial how about speak to Summit @SCActionNetwork at 1:45 at today @Mark_Shriver friend my Joining fast-track. &amp; TPP oppose I why That’s sense. common it's - choice hard a not it's line, the on are jobs US When stand. leaders where know to deserve Americans fast-track. &amp; TPP opposing in me Join amount. fair a stuff their cover fan. Pogues BIG @poguesofficial .@tmazorlig family. his to out go prayers &amp; thoughts My death. tragic Gray's Freddie by troubled Very heard. voices our make Let's sense. common just is TPP like deals trade bad Opposing families. Porto Lo &amp; Weinstein the to out goes heart My America. &amp; MD of best the represented Weinstein Warren kids. our for have to want we if do should we what about @washingtonpost the for Op-Ed an wrote I @medium on piece my read also can You earned. people its more the learned, people its more the that see to enough farsighted and generous was that country a in up grew dad My family. a start to enough earned and Bill GI the on college to went He ahead. future bright and strong a was there back, gave and hard worked we if that knowing raised were I and siblings My debt. with graduating are - 70% - students of majority vast The bargain. same the getting aren’t kids our Today, growing. and trillion $ is country our in debt loan student Total act. to have will government federal the debt, student in dent a make really To straightforward. and simple are solutions the Fortunately, have. already they debt the refinance to students allow must Congress 1st, loans. college refinance to way a out figure can we banks, big out bail to able were we If loans. students’ on payments monthly minimum the cap should we 2nd, opt-out. to option an with programs repayment income-based in automatic-enrollment with this do can We debt. student relieving toward way long a go will proposals two these Alone, everyone. for affordable college make to have we good for crisis debt student the end To here: proposals my about more read can You @UofMaryland and here supporting for @brendaniribe CEO to Thanks today. @Oculus touring time great a Had soon. again back being forward look and everyone seeing Great ! for me having for @SCDP &amp; @Harrison4SC to Thanks played. Well President. Mr. played, Well life. his honor and remember we as today friends and family Gray's Freddie with are prayers and thoughts My family(1/2) his &amp; Gray Freddie for grief of feeling profound a share us of All night. this pain such in is love I City the that saddened I'm people(2/2) Baltimore's of all for future just more &amp; safer a into pain &amp; loss of moment this transform to City one as together come must We out: Check neighborhood? your assist come to people for looking or volunteer to Want @MayorSRB: RT Baltimore" in is future "Our More of Capable Are We a… on @GovernorOMalley Mayor BMore former with interview exclusive TV --our more and policing crime, poverty, Race, @jaketapper: RT http://t… @GovernorOMalley for q's tough some &amp; case the on news breaking latest the all : on up Coming @jaketapper: RT … on @jaketapper to @GovernorOMalley Maryland former says race, on conversation larger a need We @TheLeadCNN: RT back. be will Baltimore &amp; defeated not is Baltimore setback, heartbreaking a was this While Baltimore. talk to AM this @chucktodd joined I understan… deeper need we and problems, deep have We country. entire the for call up wake a be should This .@GovernorOMalley: @NBCNewsPR: RT country. our on towel the in throw to about not are we and city, a as defeated not are We cities. nation's our of future the &amp; Baltimore on tonight @JamesFallows with discussion good a to forward Looking Day! Mothers Happy Grandma. and Mom amazing an as does she all for thanks Mom my tell to sec a take to want Just . stop &amp; better demand must We up. stood who Senators the &amp; voice your to thanks today forward move not did TPP → plans my about know to first the Be up. coming announcement big a have I @Snapchat on me follow latest, the get To wknd this Baltimore in it See WWII). in them flew dad (my recently Liberator B-24 a boarded We families for values-esp our against &amp; costly cruel, are Detentions camps. detention wire barbed building of business the in be not should We them. end &amp; principles our with lead Let's -&gt; know to first the Be camps. detention wire barbed building of business the in be not should We people a as are we who reflect doesn't it &amp; work doesn't It principle. on penalty death the to opposed am I us? with you Are days. coming the in decision a making be We’ll ET! 12pm @ out find to GovernorOMalley at Snapchat on me Follow 30th. May on announcement upcoming my about share to news exciting got I've leadership: new Support announcement. special a for MD Baltimore, in Hill Federal on 10am at 30th May on me Join grows. economy whole our &amp; customers more have businesses more, earn workers When LA! done, Well it? see you Did week. last Hampshire New in announcement major a made I it? see you Did week. last Hampshire New in announcement major a made I world. the in freedom and democracy of light shining a as role its embraces it when best its at is America -&gt; first out Find President? for running I Am Shine!" It “Let @BloomLuka! Birthday Happy there? be you Will American. deeply were dreams their but immigrants, were grand-parents parent's My land strange a in strangers once all were we reminder a as Apply", Need Irish “No said that desk my on sign a kept I . to no say and act must House The jobs. American against vote a was vote fast-track today's clear: is position My equality. marriage for cheers three -- Irish be to day great a It's dignity. human and rights equal for forward marches progress America, across all and to Maryland From heroes. fallen our remember and honor we Today, Stay tomorrow! announcement big a making I'm @ThisWeekABC. on it See announcement.” “big his after exclusively @GovernorOMalley w/ down sit I'll Tomorrow, @GStephanopoulos: RT morning. this moment big a for Prepping live: Watch announcement! big morning's this to in Tune you? Are ready. are O'Malley's The Watch: Dream. American the rebuild to president for running I'm announcement big O'Malley's Governor to in Tune : on LIVE Dream" American the about today you with talk to want "I Watch: Dream. American the rebuild to president for running I'm American." spare a as thing such no is There print. fine no was there &amp; self-evident two on founded was nation "Our ago." years 8 was it than now higher is the across towns small many in and cities American many in "Unemployment soars." Street Wall while declines, Street Main inequality. of land a into turned being is opportunity of land "Our people." our of people—all is economy our money, isn't economy "Our -Martin me: Join future. your and you, for running I'm President. for candidacy my announced I Today, wages." better for bargain collectively &amp; organize to workers of rights the for respect &amp; wage minimum higher a needs "America reform." immigration comprehensive passing by shadows the of out neighbors our of million 11 bring also must "We it." write to about is Americans of generation this because book, history a in not is days best country’s our of story "The YOU. for running am I and States, United the of President for candidate a am I that declare I Today, America. for visions our about debate healthy a in engage to eager I'm Hillary. Thanks, .@HillaryClinton dream American the rebuild to campaign our Join everyone. for again work economy our make to need We entrant! another for primary GOP in room still There's @SarahPalinUSA. years, these all after you from hear to Good it: rebuild Help us. of all to belongs Dream American The in! tune to sure Make #2016. talk to morning this 7:10 at @GMA on be I'll Dream American rebuild to need and #2016 discuss to now @GMA Joining running: Martin’s why out Find weekend? this announcement big the Miss 6:30! @ @Univision to in Tune 2016. in issues immigration &amp; Latino of importance vital talk to @MariaESalinas Joining record: Martin's about more Marylanders—read of 86% for taxes income lower helped &amp; MD in wage minimum the raised He us: Join together. work we if fun more be it'll but go, to way long a got We've Hampshire. New from Snapshots American: spare a as thing such no is There @omalleyforNH &amp; @omalleyforIA involved: get to how on updates for them Follow Twitter! on are Hampshire New and Iowa in teams grassroots Our more: Read campaign. presidential his launching after stop first @governoromalley’s was Iowa @omalleyforia: RT them: for running not I'm hear. to Good Sachs." Goldman of halls the in #1 enemy public now is "O'Malley year. this violence gun to victim fall will who people 33,000 than more the for today, We're Sunday past this Hampshire New in voters greets .@GovernorOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT Americans: ALL for employment equal and rights civil upheld Court Supreme the proud I'm … up sign &amp; more out Find Dream. American the rebuild to want We @omalleyfornh: RT today: free, yours Get stickers! bumper away giving We're now! @USHCC the with discussion my see to in Tune today! @USHCC with them about talk to chance the had I thankful I'm all. us affect that issues Street: Wall immigration, trade, Wage-gap, pronto! vemos nos y !Gracias .@USHCC dignity. human for day Maryland—a for bill this signed we day the forget never I'll : harder… not vote, to people for easier it making be should we that and right sacred a is voting believes .@governoromalley @omalleyfornh: RT voters.… early for registration &amp;same-day registration voter online established voting, early instituted .@governoromalley @omalleyfornh: RT Dream" American the save to looking people the of candidate a as himself painting in steadfast remained "O’Malley economy: shadow a in living people million 11 keep to continue cannot We students: ALL to meals free give to Baltimore in step BIG behind. left be &amp; hungry school to go should child No http… AM this Dems Manchester with and about talks @MattSheaff Dir State Deputy .@omalleyfornh @omalleyfornh: RT @omalleyforia here: team Iowa our parade—join Waukee the at day Great volunteers! our love We stop. Full Americans. hard-working for wage minimum $15 a support I simple: It's record: his about more Read contractors. for wage living a passed &amp; wage min. MD’s raised O’Malley Governor, As me. with you’re if RT office. in days 100 first my within reform immigration comprehensive pass to work I’ll : para campaña nuestra a Unete español! en pagina mi lancè ¡Hoy http… &amp; about Dems County Rockingham w talking @bivonajohn Director State .@omalleyfornh @omalleyfornh: RT … tonight &amp; about Dems City Nashua w/ talks @AVusk RFD .@omalleyfornh @omalleyfornh: RT @ForeignPolicy: in op-ed my Read cybersecurity. nation’s our improve to needed urgently is agenda new A @omalleyforia me: parties—join house few a for Iowa to coming I'm Thursday, This nation: the for forward path a provides issues cybersecurity on achievement of record Maryland’s … City &amp;Iowa Vernon Mt Marshalltown, in events the for RSVP Thursday? on visit @governoromalley's for Ready @omalleyforia: RT http://t… . and about talk to fun was It today. Dover in Wendy with meeting Great @jtackeff: RT … @GovernorOMalley writes seriously, cybersecurity take to needs – president next the and – government The @ForeignPolicy: RT repeat): (on playlist campaign our to Adding @omalleyforia there: you see to Hope tomorrow! Iowa to return to Excited . more—on do better, lead—do to continue must We decarbonization. to commits historic: is This reality: this face rules the by play who people that just nor right, nor fair, not is It ! for ready is Barr Lawrie Chair Democratic Francestown's @AVusk: RT in: Tune 8am! at tomorrow @jackheathradio on being to forward Looking descent. Irish and German of Americans parents—proud my with picture early very a : Vernon Mt sw st 3rd 321 @530 tonight @GovernorOMalley meet Come @SCohen22: RT … today! @GovernorOMalley with events great 3 for Ready team. IA the with trip road First @ksosanie: RT here: volunteer to up sign Or, today! events our of one to out come @ksosanie @BaughanJacob … table snack the guards Fiona Marshalltown, in @GovernorOMalley host to prepare Dad &amp; Mom her While @omalleyforia: RT arrives! @GovernorOMalley as Marshalltown in crowd Great @JakeOeth: RT ht… packed room Living heavy. pretty is Rain @GovernorOMalley. house inside spot a 2get able weren't who people Greeting @LaurenBlanch12: RT @omalleyforia porch! the on going conversation —overflow for IA Marshalltown, in house Packed @GovernorOMalley hear to windows the through watching crowd Overflow @ericlitmer: RT … Iowans 65 than more from questions took &amp; spoke Marshalltown in .@governoromalley @omalleyforia: RT Marshalltown in strong going @GovernorOMalley for students College @ksosanie: RT … Iowa! in house packed another at Vernon Mt in @GovernorOMalley introducing now Willems Nate Rep @omalleyforia: RT ! for excitement of Lots house! full this at only room standing @GovernorOMalley .@JakeOeth @JosephOHern: RT party! house packed a at IA Vernon, Mt. in questions Taking ! for caucus to commit to ready Vernon Mt. in supporters of room a at Looking http://t… tonight! home their in Iowans 80+ &amp; @GovernorOMalley hosting for Family Willems the to much so Thanks @omalleyforia: RT 2016. for listen and involved get to opportunity Great City. Iowa in tonight speak @GovernorOMalley to Listening @rioventricular: RT speak. to chair on Stands room. in hand every shakes .@GovernorOMalley @johndeeth: RT . for ready supporters meeting day incredible an was it City, Iowa &amp; Vernon Mt. to Marshalltown, From http:… to commit to Proud event. past from me recognized @GovernorOMalley politician. retail Good @BrianHeeren: RT and about IA Rapids, Cedar in Council Labor Hawkeye the to speaking road: the from Clip read. to allowed not are Americans that deal trade a on vote not should wide—Congress and far this Share today: RSVP you. meet to want I and tomorrow, Hampshire New to returning I’m few: a had we Yesterday, conversation. a have to expect Iowa of people The Portsmouth! in volunteers up Signing portsmouth. in here @GovernorOMalley see to Great @caroseberryenh: RT Day Square Market at Dems Portsmouth with O'Malley Martin @McCrayLaurie: RT days square market Portsmouth at music Celtic little A @omalleyfornh: RT way. Hampshire New The voters. meeting and questions Taking @omalleyfornh: RT … green boosting while use energy emissions, reduce to goals set MD Says environment. on @GovernorOMalley for question 1st @BradyCarlson: RT … Dover! in here fro-yo some enjoying and talking .@GovernorOMalley @jtackeff: RT challenge. tough a of afraid not is who leader a deserve people &amp; people, is economy Our hand every shaking --- Dover in O'Malley Governor @SomersworthDems: RT service. their for them thank to Manchester in @ServiceNation by Stopped http:… @americorps of funding full to commits @GovernorOMalley - on bolder" bigger, go to got "We've @shaunadamec: RT Ian! Thanks, … trail. the on smart and Joyful press. the &amp; people meeting enjoys clearly .@GovernorOMalley @Jay1043: RT guitar. the on tunes celtic great some Day—and Square Market at yesterday Portsmouth in crowds Big shadows. the of out immigrants our bring to working Americans New &amp; DREAMers the to Thanks ! Anniversary Happy you: for together all it put We’ve Iowa? to trip our of some on out Miss livelihood. their &amp; future their on vote a it’s issue: 'process' a not is track fast TPP, with line the on are jobs whose thousands the For me: with TPP—stand on stand I where know I leadership. for time the is Now economy. the on focus a with progressives up fired @governoromalley Marshalltown, In @iowadailydem: RT forward. nation our move will that values progressive the for fight we as team our on Peter have to Glad it. reinstate to now work must We law. into signed was Glass-Steagall today, ago years 80 Over @omalleyforia board: on Get . for campaign our joined IA Davenport, from Ed @omalleyfornh soon: there you see to Hope office! Manchester our on touches final the Putting out us check Come open. is Manchester in Willow S. 223 at office Our @omalleyfornh: RT Republic: Dominican the in persecuted Haitians on backs our turn cannot leadership—we moral show must The them! take can I invite? formal a this Is .@ijreview prayers. our in community AME the &amp; Charleston keeping are I &amp; Katie ones. loved their &amp; tragedy this of victims the to out goes heart My coverage: lose thousands before act must We crisis. healthcare a facing is in. tune -- Carolina South in tragedy the discuss to morning this 7:30 at @msnbc @morning_joe on be I'll @GovernorOMalley! Coming @Morning_Joe: RT nation. a as now, act must we asking: stop must We violence? this stop to take will it what asking We're pissed. I’m in. living be to want we America the not is this thinking: all we're what say we time It's crisis. national a is this recognize we time It's me? with You streets. safe and worship, to places safe schools, safe to right the has Everyone always. and today, him of Thinking lawyer. dedicated and man brave a bombardier, a vet, war a of son the be to Proud in: Tune @usmayors. to live speak I’ll minutes 30 just In live: @usmayors—watch now Speaking America. in massacre gun senseless Another country. our of life the in week sad a in together come We forgiveness. saw We rise. nation our of spirit true the saw we massacre, racial despicable carnage—this this of out Yet, nation? a as something do we that ask to much too it is forgive, can Charleston in affected families the If museum? a to flag Confederate the retire to officials government state SC ask to much too it is forgive, can Charleston of families If NRA? the of lobbyists Congressional the to up stand we before people a as endure to have we do violence of acts senseless many How @GovernorOMalley Americans" great be to time have still "we better be must America @lblarrea: RT http://… all." for and of places as America's rebuild must "We @GovernorOMalley: @jeffjamawat: RT museum. a to flag Confederate the retire Carolina South of officials govt state that time It's States. United the in guns the all than more worth is America in life single A down. it take saying: in me Join hate. for banner rallying this adorn should building govt No challenge. this overcoming in best the you wishing and family, your and you to prayers &amp; thoughts our sending are I and Katie .@LarryHogan college. attend to bombardier WWII a dad, my enabled this and law, into Bill GI the signed Roosevelt President today, ago years 71 futures. their for beyond &amp; above go services—to training job &amp; care, health education, best the to access provide to vets our to it owe We read? to allowed aren’t us of rest the that enviro. &amp; jobs, wages, economy, our affecting bills on votes Congress when to come we have What abroad. jobs American more send and workers American for wages depress that deals trade bad fast-tracking be not should We … Sunday: on events public 3 our of one at Iowa in @GovernorOMalley meet Come all! to open are events Our @omalleyforia: RT … here: RSVP events. grassroots 3 for Sunday on Iowa central &amp; western to coming is .@GovernorOMalley @omalleyforia: RT jobs: new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country yrs—our 35 believe—within I energy: clean 100% to commitment and plan, climate my profiles .@motherboard … here listen @WNTK997 on 8:40 at about @bensarro w/ talks @GovernorOMalley NH! morning Good @omalleyfornh: RT today: RSVP Sunday. this discussion a for me join to Iowan interested every inviting I’m swiftly. passes this hope I . to legislation their with leadership incredible showing are @repjohnlewis &amp; .@SenatorLeahy picture! profile your updating by support &amp; us join equality, marriage on decisions SCOTUS await we As @MartinOMalley for Rapids Cedar in groundwork the laying @SCohen22 @afreedman23: RT about: are unions what is victory of kind This protections. safety &amp; health better won who @steelworkers to Congrats nation. this in person every to care health bring to efforts our redouble must we failed, stop to attempt ideological this that Now coverage. health affordable and quality access Americans million 17 than more helped has Act Care Affordable The communities. &amp; cities our in opportunity and justice for win important an is decision Housing Fair Today's world. the in role America’s &amp; security, national policy, foreign on speak to me—honored having for @TrumanProject Thanks sir. Yes, . on based .@MartinOMalley: @AlexandraIToma: RT @MartinO… - tools?" economic and diplomatic, military, our of use the balance we do how questions: right the ask must "We @TrumanProject: RT alone. it going than rather collaboration, and engagement on policy—based foreign proactive &amp; far-sighted more a create must We imperative. security national and economic an both is reform immigration Comprehensive 2050 by US in production energy clean 100% wants .@MartinOMalley: @Jon_Scanlon: RT 2050. by energy, clean by 100% powered is country our ensures that plan ambitious an pursuing by way the lead must &amp; can America http://… @CCAN! to Props . at story success energy clean a as use @MartinOMalley hear to Amazing @WindyGlick: RT ISIS. defeat &amp; degrade contain, to need they what have partners our propaganda—ensure counter region, the in voices credible amplify must We -@MartinOMalley security." our maintain we can economy inclusive more stronger, a with "Only @TrumanProject: RT class. middle growing a &amp; democracy, strong a economy, vibrant a as safe as us keep will battalion troop or jet fighter No law. the under equality and dignity human of issue important this on way the leading for MD of people the to grateful So love. than right human greater no There’s MD. in equality marriage passed we day the on moms his and Will of Reminded happen it make helped who advocates the thanking &amp; decision today’s celebrating in me country—join our for day a What celebration! the in part take to —had that excited So … Festival Pride Cities Twin the at @MartinOMalley about folks to speaking for @sassygabe to out shout Special @WhitneyLarsen77: RT .@MartinOMalley for caucus to excited are Fair County Linn the at Folks @afreedman23: RT @omalleyforia Democrats County Dallas the with today Parade Redfield the at it working .@kiera__h @ChouBenjamin: RT City Sioux in @martinomalley for crowd Big @mhildreth: RT http:… @MartinOMalley candidate. my love I Questions!" part! fun the is this "Now @clairequestion: RT … @MartinOMalley! see to Ames to hours of pilgrimage the Made @realgregmargida: RT … state! the across traveling day great a after Ames in event @MartinOMalley a on setting Sun @JakeOeth: RT people" our of All people. is economy Our money. not is economy "our @MartinOMalley @PsychoJaguar: RT yrs. 35 w/in fuels fossil on reliance our ending to commit &amp; energy clean to transition to need the reinforces decision @EPA Today’s crisis. health public a and failure moral a is plants power dirtiest our by produced toxins other and arsenic, mercury, the limit to Failing year: each Americans 200,000 of lives the extend would fuels fossil on reliance our Ending Iowa: from moments more out Check people.” our of All people. is economy Our money. not is economy “Our … @MartinOMalley up. First America. for platform their about candidates 2016 asking we're Iowa in Here @RuralOrganizing: RT prevalent. too far still is employees LGBT against discrimination right—but human a is marriage that affirmed week Last federally. protections those expand must we Now identity. gender of basis the on Marylanders protect to laws expand helped I Gov., As out: it Check @storify. on volunteers &amp; organizers field our of life the in day A http://t… at donate please in @MartinOMalley for tonight calling volunteers of house Full @MollieByron: RT collapse. deck a in killed immigrants Irish young for condolence of book a sign to NY in Consulate Irish the Visited for: advocated long I've issue millions—an for pay overtime extend to decision administrations the applaud I class. middle our rebuild to wage min $15 a need We way! the leading for @1199mass workers care home the to Congrats promise. that jeopardize could on ruling bargain— collectively &amp; organize to workers all of rights the respect to need We http://… renewables from energy our all get can We @DMRegister: today's in op-ed @MartinOMalley's at look a Take @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… here: op-ed full the Read investments. &amp; jobs American of thousands &amp; supporting for @MartinOMalley you Thank @AR_Future: RT @UNITEDWEDREAM LGBT. comunidad la a defendiendo todos a Agradezco valores. nuestros de contra en van y costosas crueles, son detenciones Las @unitedwedream Americans. New LGBT of behalf on rallying those commend I values. our against &amp; costly cruel, are Detentions collapse. financial avoid help to now act must @WhiteHouse the and Congress . en económico colapso un evitar para inmediato de actuar deben @lacasablanca la y Congreso El us: join &amp; in Pitch left. hour 1 have only we but campaign, this of goal fundraising first our reach us help can You … us! Join energy. &amp; change climate about talking Iowa in weekend July of 4th spending is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT hemisphere. &amp; relationship our strengthen to plans with forward move &amp; @StateDept see to Glad opportunity. creates Diplomacy hemisferio. el y relación nuestra fortalecer para adelante hacia paso otro dando están &amp; @StateDept oportunidades. crea diplomacia La informados. estamos ustedes a Gracias issues. pressing such on informed being us for responsible is media language Spanish TY! .@UniPolitica trip: last my on discussed we what Watch agenda. jobs a with challenge climate the met tomorrow—they've IA to Going opportunities: &amp; jobs new with economy an create can we investments these seed we homes—if zero net design, Green deuda. su reestructuren de corporaciones las que permitir debe Congreso El acuerdo. de Estoy .@nytopinion court. in debt restructure to corporations public 's allow to have lawmakers federal agree, I .@nytopinion … ethanol. talk to Bluffs Council in Energy Renewable Iowa Southwest at arrives .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT … Bluffs Council in Energy Renewable Iowa Southwest at jobs energy &amp; ethanol talking .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT IA. Bluffs, Council in here at ethanol refining around processes and products the Discussing generation… new for important 's best the of some area our for &amp; jobs steady are "These @MartinOMalley: to CEO SIRE @ksosanie: RT future. energy renewable clean, a to shoulders our square must We @MartinOMalley! and @DallasCoDem the with @1908Draught house Full @JosephOHern: RT … @MartinOMalley! meet to want just Folks toes. my of tips the on and corner a in I'm packed. Absolutely @ChouBenjamin: RT … businesses women-owned for #1 was Maryland that saying for applause gets .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT chorus. in joining house Packed Iowa. in along sing a leading .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT jobs! &amp; energy clean about conversations great &amp; support Waukee—great in day the up Wrapped … @MartinOMalley! for caucus to committed Moines Des West from Dianna tonight, speak him hearing After @omalleyforia: RT future. our for example an production, energy clean in way the leading is turbine—Iowa wind DMACC the Touring today! @omalleyforia and @MartinOMalley for IA , in crowd a What Wow. @ericlitmer: RT ! for excited are who democrats county jasper meeting .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT … jobs energy clean quality w/ Dream American the rebuilding about talking @MartinOMalley IA Newton, In @ksosanie: RT gra… for taken caucus-goer potential No room. the in everyone meet to time the takes @GovernorOMalley that like really I @greghauenstein: RT Newton! in here questions taking stop won't .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT you? will When @MartinOMalley for caucus to committed has Kaley @HeavenAndBalder: RT room! the in everyone from hearing enjoy conversations—I 60 and handshakes 60 means That consumers. &amp; environment our for better energy—it's clean of production incentivize should We Iowa. Sing, http://t… Waterloo in Dream American rebuilding &amp; energy renewable talking @MartinOMalley day, the of stop Third @omalleyforia: RT … us! with walked who all to thanks Independence- in parade today’s of end the at @MartinOMalley Team @omalleyforia: RT … Day! Independence Happy say: IA Independence, of Scouts Girl the with .@martinomalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… @martinomalley and for support of Lots Amherst! in 4th July celebrating .@omalleyfornh @bivonajohn: RT … too up sign can You . @MartinOMalley for Amherst in here continue ups Sign @omalleyfornh: RT today. Dubuque in States United the of President for @martinomalley endorses Murphy John @omalleyforia: RT wolfeboro! in for Ready @omalleyfornh: RT @omalleyfornh Hampshire! New in parade Amherst the in proud and Loud today! @MartinOMalley for caucus to committed Dubuque in Healey Kevin @JakeOeth: RT team! O'Malley the from Day Independence IA—happy Dubuque, and Independence to NH Wolfeboro, and Amherst From … @MartinOMalley &amp; Dems County Clinton with picnic July of 4th a -- tour 3-day successful a end to way Perfect @omalleyforia: RT … Day. Independence on IA Clinton, in -@martinomalley green” go must we means blue and white, red, our of love “The @omalleyforia: RT information more for up Sign Wednesday! on Hampshire New in back is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT home. trophy the bringing for @ussoccer_wnt of Proud champs!! world new the to Congrats Iowa. in volunteer a she's Now, 2014. in speak him hearing after O’Malley supported quickly Cheryl @omalleyforia weekend: this Iowa from moments key WATCH—some them! join and Hampshire, New to Iowa from volunteers new of faces the out Check leadership! new for need great country's this about talk to @pchowder Arnesen Arnie join I as Noon at live Listen leadership. new and about chat to Noon at live @pchowder join I as momentarily in Tune … @pchowder with talking @MartinOMalley - family" every for real be should Dream American "The @MattSheaff: RT … @martinomalley - progress." make to together people bring can it problems, solve can "Leadership @omalleyforia: RT @time: on op-ed policy foreign my home—read at strength economic is world the in strength American of cornerstone The crash. another preventing in essential Glass-Steagall—it's reintroducing for @SenAngusKing @SenatorCantwell @SenJohnMccain @SenWarren Thanks families. hard-working down bringing from meltdown Street Wall another prevent must We Keynote Deliver to @MartinOMalley Candidate Presidential Democratic @latinpost: RT us? with yours share you Will today. story her sharing for Grace of proud I’m Crisis” Debt Rico’s Puerto for Solution Right the Has O’Malley "Martin @NicholsUprising, Via potential. true their fulfilling from back Americans New hold not must We … @tuohy via debt student college public eliminating on stumps @MartinOMalley Gov. Maryland @omalleyfornh: RT … parents and students, professors, with debt student discuss to morning this Institute the at is .@MartinOMalley @nhiop: RT … O'Neil Dan Alderman with Manchester in Blake's at voters meet to stop impromptu an makes .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … Manchester in Blakes's at voters with plan college free debt about talking .@MartinOMalley @MattSheaff: RT nation: the for plan a announced I MD—today, in this addressed I graduation. upon debt student face students of 70% school to back going parents for support care child Even around. all plan Solid @OmarWoodard: RT … states. other to relative fell Tuition 3%. at hikes capped then &amp; years for Md. in tuition froze .@MartinOMalley @jfritze: RT student. every for college debt-free provide to plan my supporting for @Demos_org @BoldProgressive Thanks h… happen! it make to experience the and them, implement to plans positions, right the has @MartinOMalley @edisonmcdonald: RT … @usedgov @WhiteHouse @arneduncan note Take @MartinOMalley Thanks funding. college on leadership true see to Great @paulah: RT prior… top a education making to forward Looking education. &amp; Iowa about staff @MartinOMalley w/ conversation great a Had @MrJoshuaBrown: RT … then semester each tuition together scraping family my remember I plan. college comprehensive @MartinOMalley support I @Eva4organizing: RT … 60. I'm until loans my off paying be I'll school. law thru myself put I dream, American the chase To @GradsHaveDebt2: RT debt-free: college make to nation the for plan my released I’ve MD—now in worked what know I affordable. college make will he said he and @MartinOMalley, met I Today @meganbrabec: RT htt… it. about serious he's shows record his And impressive. pretty is debt-free college make to plan O'Malley's Governor @eddiequintana: RT https://t.… years! four for Maryland of System University the for tuition college freezing for @GovernorOMalley, you, Thank @Students4MD: RT American. every for opportunities providing about It’s stuff.” “free about not is college debt-free no, .@JebBush ⬇️ college debt-free for plan @MartinOMalley's out check 👀 @CollegeDemsofMA: RT … . on action about talking @MartinOMalley will." political the it's lacking, is that technology the not is "It @gisellahart: RT Concord in hall town backyard @MartinOMalley at here turnout Great @omalleyfornh: RT Land. Your Is Land This standbys: his of one in crowd the leads .@GovernorOMalley @caseymcdermott: RT prosperity.… to way our cut cannot "We democrat. proud a like sounding tonight NH Concord, in @MartinOMalley see to Glad @jillianmaccini: RT … Concord. in event great a after hand last every shaking .@MartinOMalley @bivonajohn: RT … feasible. seems It it. like really I and affordable more college make to plan @MartinOMalley's read just I @dominiclm_: RT . talking @MartinOMalley with NH in day Great @MattSheaff: RT … alike heads agency and banks after Goes Street. Wall on paper white 10-page a drop to O'Malley Martin @Phil_Mattingly: RT economy: our to risks enormous posed they’ve long too megabanks—for Street’s Wall to letter open my annotate and Read … Genius: with it Annotate megabanks? Street's Wall to letter open @MartinOMalley's on Thoughts @Genius: RT see: to Street Wall for comment own your add to @Genius use and letter, my to on Sign Agree? http:/… Rauh Mary them”- at talk just doesn’t he engages, he people, to listens he people, at looks "‘He @MartinOMalley On @omalleyfornh: RT unconditionally. and immediately released be should They families. their and Gaza, in held citizens Israeli two the to out goes heart My lead. my follow will candidates Pres. other hope accountable—I megabanks Street Wall hold to tirelessly work I’ll stuff: Good agenda. climate his on @MartinOMalley candidate pres Dem. from op-ed this saw Just @hughbartling: RT letter: the Read Street" Wall At Hard Swinging Out Comes O'Malley "Martin @micnews Via in. tune -- tonight EST 8:30pm at @chrislhayes with @msnbc on be I'll up! broken be should they then fail, to big too are banks big the If best. it said O'Malley Martin @Zenber1: RT Watch: more. &amp; MD of Governor as record my college, debt-free reform, Street Wall discussed I &amp; @chrislhayes Tonight, megabanks and Street Wall against hard swinging out came just @martinomalley So @PolicyMic: RT embrace. should we sacrifices &amp; passions talents, have Americans All heart. my to close poem A país. este de esencia la son ayer: de y hoy de inmigrantes los a solidaridad de poema un Ofrezco them: about something done who's one only the I'm guns. on out" "speaking are candidates Other moments: best the of some and tweets, photos, out Check Hampshire? New to trip latest the Miss yours? added you Have Street. Wall to letter my to voices their added Vickie and Leticia … @MartinOMalley! support to us joined who all to Thanks Ankeny. in morning this time great a had We @omalleyforia: RT team: the Join Ankeny! in parade the from volunteers these keep couldn't delay rain a Even http://t.… Ankeney! in @MartinOMalley support to it worth still but delay, rain hour 2 a got and hour 1 Drove @GCforOMalley: RT … Guv: the backing he's why explains Murphy John endorser: Iowa nice up picks .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT @NCLR: speech my watch today EST 1:30pm at and link, this Bookmark :)!! Keynote his before @jmurguia_nclr president @NCLR greets .@martinomalley @GabiDomenzain: RT … :)!! kid this meet to want I says: @MartinOMalley @NCLR! anthem national sings .@selcharrodeoro @GabiDomenzain: RT . nacional. himno nuestro de rendimiento gran ese por @selcharrodeoro a Felicidades @NCLR anthem. national our of performance amazing an for @selcharrodeoro to Congratulations @NCLR Raza: La of Council National the from speaks O’Malley Governor as LIVE Watch American." purely were children his for had he dreams &amp; hopes the English—but not was language first His money. no had grandfather great "My @NCLR together.” going, all we’re where going—and you’re where it’s from, came you where about much so not is country our of genius "The http://t… @MartinOMalley " this in all are we but land, strange a in strangers once all we were only "Not @Allie_Kite: RT @NCLR education.” higher affordable to access have could Dreamers 36,000 that ensure to Act DREAM own our pursued we Maryland, "In http://t.… debt. college reduce and rights, bargaining collective ensure , raise to need we says .@MartinOMalley @FlatlandKC: RT … Republic. Dominican the and Rico Puerto in crises but just not addressing for @MartinOMalley YOU THANK @yvetteanunez: RT ! @MartinOMalley it, into get to Way DR! the in Haitians of Deportations And Rico! Puerto about Talking Whoa! @ClinicaAlicia: RT colla… economy their let not must We battlefields. our on died have "Boricuas issues. addresses @MartinOMalley @yvetteanunez: RT @MartinOMall… - " in up them chain worse, Or away. them turn not can we our on arrive children "When @shaunadamec: RT for… done he's what me showing he's speaking, be just to seem doesn't He vote. my for case his making really is O'Malley Martin @kalst05: RT todos. para realidad una en convierta se Americano Sueño el que para juntos Luchemos … economy the on of impact positive the &amp; immigration about talks @MartinOMalley candidate Democratic @latinpost: RT Street Wall to up stand to plan candidates' each know to deserve voters thinking: all we're what says .@Bettermarkets will. experience executive &amp; leadership Progressive forward. country this lead not will speech hateful Demonizing, more: Read reform. immigration comprehensive for plan detailed a releasing I'm Today … proud" ancestors our make go "let's saying roundtable at backstage .@martinomalley @GabiDomenzain: RT ref… immigration comprehensive of importance the discuss to Americans New of group a joining I’m : on LIVE plan: immigration comprehensive his discuss to Americans New of roundtable a leads O'Malley Governor NOW: Happening plan: immigration my from tenets six of four just on details more read to image each Click th… closing &amp; families for detention ending healthcare, under immigrants covering DACA, expanding about talks .@MartinOMalley @DRMAction: RT system. immigration the with struggles and experiences her of speaking roundtable, today's at panelist a Maria, O’Malley." Governor of leadership the of because it’s And kids. [refugee] the rescued we that say to proud “I’m @Somos_CASA Torres, Gustavo on live roundtable immigration our to in tune time: Discussion http://… event @MartinOMalley @ immigrants undocumented criminalizing &amp; detention w problems deep talks attorney Undocumented @DRMAction: RT up.” give never and us unite that beliefs the on focus to have We nation. great a built never fear and “Anger principle. that by guided be always I’ll and strength, our is diversity Our ht… immigrants. undocumented for healthcare Includes far. so plan immigration inclusive most the released @MartinOMalley @jorgeramosnews: RT https:… salud) de seguro (con candidatos los todos entre ambicioso más migratorio plan el hoy propuso @MartinOMalley Gob @jorgeramosnews: RT @Sam_Frizell via immigration on Obama President than further go to pledges O'Malley Martin @TIMEPolitics: RT . of number possible greatest the to action deferred Provide plan? immigration my of 1 Tenet together. stay to able be should families because 2: Tenet Watch: Americans? New more to apply should coverage ACA think I do Why . for campaign my discussing EST 9:30pm at minutes 15 just in @maddow with @msnbc on me Catch msnbc! on .@MartinOMalley with interview her for now .@maddow to in Tune @msnbc: RT part. their played who beyond &amp; MD in all to Congrats exploration. space in achievement landmark a was the planet, no or Planet here clip the Watch night. last @maddow with issues big talks @MartinOMalley ICYMI: @omalleyfornh: RT reality: a reform immigration make to together come must @gazettedotcom—we in op-ed my Read families: American new of millions to relief extend to action immediate take will I Pres. As all. for reality a Dream American the make to fought I Maryland, of Governor As https:/… far' so progressive and inclusive most 'the is plan immigration your think I @MartinOMalley: to .@jorgeramosnews @ThisIsAmerica: RT reform. immigration on leadership new forging days few great a after candidate the from briefing Campaign http://t… you! near event an at @MartinOMalley meet Come Close! Doors Caucus Till Days 200 @JosephOHern: RT reform. immigration for plan O'Malley's discussing leaders community &amp; activists immigration local with Moines Des In … leaders immigration IA w/ plan comprehensive his out laying @MartinOMalley Moines: Des in off Kicking @ksosanie: RT America. participatory fully a of light the into them bring must economy--we underground an in work &amp; live people 11M reform. immigration of importance the discussing Moines, Des in activists immigration with roundtable our LIVE: Watch policy." immigration set to agency independent an create I'd - needs economic our assessing of way better a need "We Everyone." workforce. the into everyone bring to need "we leader, community Sandra, … state--@MartinOMalley any than capita per children immigrant American Central the of more in took Maryland @idaveprice: RT @omalleyforia today: team the Join signup! volunteer another event, Another pharmacy. @JohnForbes4IA at way, the politics retail doing .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT $15/hour. to wage min. the raise must We it. following consensus—not public forging about is Leadership … @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley . for caucuses precinct 1682 in up stand will Iowans till Days 200 @JosephOHern: RT leadership! new &amp; immigration talk to ready IA Ottumwa, in house Full … county!" our to "welcome says Dockendorf Sandy Chair County Burlington, in @MartinOMalley Greeting @ksosanie: RT morning! this Burlington in caucus-goers with speaking and Meeting President. for running I'm Why Leffler Tom resident IA - O'" Gov. as fully as [immigration] addressed haven't candidates "Other Street." Wall on beat the on cops more putting &amp; Glass-Steagall re-instituting of favor in am "I Iowa! Washington, in hand every Shaking Washington. in room Full . for Ready today! IA Washington, in @MartinOMalley for welcome Great @omalleyforia: RT Fame! of Hall IDP at Dems w/ and @MartinOMalley talk to ready All @kramer_ben: RT @IowaDemocrats! tonight you See Iowa. in back be to Great live: Watch dinner! fame of hall @iowademocrats the until hours two T-minus @MartinOMalley! for Iowa in MD Team @kramer_ben: RT arrived! has O'Malley @MartinOMalley with for ready are Iowans These @ksosanie: RT … tonight! dinner the at speak @MartinOMalley watch should Everybody @jtackeff: RT LIVE: Watch dinner! fame of hall @iowademocrats the at remarks O'Malley's from away Moments @MartinOMalley from hear to excited is # crowd!! that to Listen @elraymer: RT Rapids Cedar in stage the takes he as @MartinOMalley for ovation large A @BrentGriffiths: RT experience. executive years 15 with President for candidate only the am I succeeds. America succeed, women When -@MartinOMalley can" we wherever and whenever hour an 15 to wage minimum the raise to action take "Let's @MattSheaff: RT can. we wherever and whenever hour an 15 to wage minimum the raise to action take Let's words. not Actions, … bargain!!" collectively and a join to American every for easier it "Make at @MartinOMalley @richie_schmidt: RT @MartinOMalley for ovation standing A @betsy_klein: RT "O'Malley!" of chants to stage the leaves he as @MartinOMalley from speech Great @dsantuccio: RT !!!!! @MartinOMalley speech Great @shermansez: RT immigrants undocumented million 11 the for up standing for O'Malley you Thank @DREAMIowa: RT leadership: new for campaign our join Then, us. with you're if RT joint. the down closing He's stamina. and skills interpersonal the has @MartinOMalley say, will I @hillarykwiatek: RT Dinner Fame of Hall Party Democratic Iowa the after outside chanting fans .@MartinOMalley @_LeahKay_: RT http://t… dream.” American the restore to hopes he values progressive traditional about speech soaring "a gave @MartinOMalley @Lis_Smith: RT shortly: begin will the - LIVE Watch @Netroots_Nation! for Ready crowd! @Netroots_Nation this Love Ready. fu… more participate to people our empower &amp; allow actually that actions take to ways find to need " @MartinOMalley @MadeleineWiner: RT @joseiswriting! w/ up is .@martinomalley @GabiDomenzain: RT can. we wherever and whenever $15/hour to wage minimum the raising be must we nation a as believe I TownHall @joseiswriting - cycle." this candidate any of plan immigration broadest the &amp; specific most the out put have "You @MartinOMalley time" long a quite for benefits security social of expansion an for calling been "I've @boschlagel: RT -O'M president. as agenda justice racial a promote WILL I . voice. a deserves Everyone crowd the with out hanging now is .@MartinOMalley @climatebrad: RT issues. the on conversation Great @Netroots_Nation. writers and voices progressive with Meeting caucus immigration at speaking @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @prernaplal: RT caucus immigration at @MartinOMalley @BlancaSprkls: RT http:/… org. great a such @ us see to came who people the all to you Thank @MartinOMalley. with meeting .@PuenteAZ @GabiDomenzain: RT http:/… @PuenteAZ @MartinOMalley apart" families breaking about not is system our President as sure make will "I @DRMAction: RT … heard. be to want just in here while system immigration by affected people local to speaking @MartinOMalley @adi_max07: RT http://… @MartinOMalley families" protect 2 action executive also but supporting just not leadership "Real @DRMAction: RT here Watch Arizonans? undocumented with conversation @MartinOMalley's Missed @PuenteAZ: RT conversation. this continuing to committed I'm clear. &amp; loud are movement impt this of voices The . http:… Berlin &amp; Lebanon Claremont, Keene, Concord, in stopping he's Monday; &amp; Sunday NH in back be will .@MartinOMalley @psutherlandNHPR: RT 7/26-7/27. on NH in stops 5 make to @MartinOMalley Update: @MarcNECN: RT htt… here Read @MartinOMalley support to proud she’s why explaining email an out sent Rauh Mary @omalleyfornh: RT most. matter words, not Actions, relations. in chapter historic an marks opening .@USEmbCuba importan. palabras, las no acciones, Las entre histórico capitulo un marca @USEmbCuba de apertura La more out Find @MattSheaff: RT listening: done not I’m conversation. the of part a be to &amp; @Netroots_Nation be I important was It reform. Street Wall on up let won't I worry, don’t but enough, strong aren't you Dodd-Frank: anniversary Happy http… today! by stopped that @presidencyandpr from w/group campaign NH our about talking is director state Our @omalleyfornh: RT accountable. Street Wall hold to tirelessly work &amp; Glass-Steagall reinstitute Dodd-Frank, strengthen I’ll Pres., As aqui: Veélo perdiste? lo ¿Te @jorgeramosnews! con @AlPunto a fuí domingo El … campaign our with involved get can you ways quick 3 gives @elraymer Director Field @omalleyfornh WATCH: @omalleyfornh: RT today. involved get can you how tips quick 3 gives @elraymer director field our ICYMI @omalleyfornh: RT union. a &amp; hour an $15 gets worker every so fighting keep Let's County. LA from comes today Inspiration @MotherJones security: national our and change climate between link indisputable an is There people. is economy our money, not is economy Our them? with You too. science, in believe them of lot A what? guess &amp; supporters to this sent We $15/hr. least at make everywhere workers until stop can’t we but victory, big A workers! NY to Congrats … @MartinOMalley about HOF @IowaDemocrats night's Friday about Tribune Chicago the in read Good @JakeOeth: RT http… @Microsoft @DMACCNews @aarp Sponsors: Series Candidate at speaking .@MartinOMalley @IAcaucus2016: RT reforms. Street Wall additional for need urgent the discuss I and .@repbradmiller : on LIVE WATCH Glass-Steagall. of version modern a pass must we reform—first, Street Wall of importance the about now Speaking reforms. Street Wall for need urgent the discuss to continuing I and .@repbradmiller : on LIVE concerned." is Street Wall where street the on back cops the put to need "We O'Malley: @jfritze: RT (1/2) door. revolving the close Two, Glass-Steagall. reinstitute One, reforms: Street Wall key four embrace should candidate Dem. Every (2/2) St. Wall on deterrents real place in put Four, dereg. of architects the were who those positions key to appoint not to commit Three, it… called I populism. economic it called "Some Maryland. in increase wage minimum a passing about talks .@MartinOMalley @maryaliceparks: RT @cftc: @federalreserve @SEC_News @TheJusticeDept like depts &amp; agencies to oversight &amp; enforcement real bring I’ll -O’M nation. inclusive &amp; respectful open, more a for fight to continue must bill—we rights civil LGBT new the support proudly I better. do must and can We Americans. New scapegoats that policy knee-jerk is Congress. in place no has racism .@RealDonaldTrump’s waste: the Here's apostrophe"? an of waste "a me make change climate on remarks my think @dennisdmz .@oreillyfactor ignore. not should we threat serious a is change climate that guys these telling in us Join same.” the do should candidates All reform. Street Wall on plan details “O’Malley @bettermarkets, via campaign. his in things smart of lot a doing is @MartinOMalley but yet, fruit borne hasn't It @danpfeiffer: RT Iowa! County, Johnson in to efforts their and @JanelleRettig @mikecarberry to Shoutout -O’M today. Lafayette for Praying violence. gun and guns from free spaces, safe be should worship &amp; work of places schools, theaters, Movie http://t.… noon. at Building Historical State the at speaking @MartinOMalley today! event @IAcaucus2016: RT today. event @MartinOMalley the on updates for along Follow @IAcaucus2016: RT humano. derecho un es ciudadania la simple: es , right. human a is citizenship : simple, It's @MartinOMalley!! support to excited is Hampton New from Daniel @jtackeff: RT … Dream. American rebuild to plan @MartinOMalley hear to forum Partnership Moines Des the at turnout Big @ksosanie: RT live: Watch @DesMoinesMetro. speaks O’Malley NOW! Starting … candidate a been he's days 40 the in counties 99 Iowa's of 19 to been he's notes .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT people.” is economy Our money. isn’t economy “our understood grandparents and parents our said .@MartinOMalley @KObradovich: RT t… "getting of exp" executive of years "15 w/ one only he's but issues, progressive claim Dems many says .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT forum. after one on one Iowans to talk to time taking @MartinOMalley always, As @ksosanie: RT Agree chop-on-a-stick. pork is food Fair State favorite his says .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT forum candidate caucus @DesMoinesMetro questions taking .@MartinOMalley @JakeOeth: RT accomplish: can what knows who support—someone @RepSwalwell’s have to Excited President for @MartinOMalley mentor and friend my endorse to Proud @ericswalwell: RT convention state @afscmeiowa_c61 from welcome warm a gets .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT us! having for you Thank convention! state @afscmeiowa_c61 @MartinOMalley for ovation Standing @JosephOHern: RT http://… wage min $15 national for call &amp; record his for cheer big gets convention AFSCME to keynote .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT Beaverdale! in @MartinOMalley for excited crowd Overflow @ksosanie: RT O’Malley! for in crowd Great Q&amp;A. with way, the Campaigning … @MartinOMalley for tonight again strong out turns 2008 in Obamadale called many neighborhood The @omalleyforia: RT o… front the to out breaking you see I dinner. fame of hall at fire on were You O'Malley: tells pub Beaverdale at Iowan @JenniferJJacobs: RT crowd Beaverdale the serenade to decided .@MartinOMalley @WhitneyLarsen77: RT … debt of burden the of students college relieve Let’s writes: @MartinOMalley @ConMonitorNews today’s In @omalleyfornh: RT … @GlobeOpinion in @martinomalley writes again, happen to tragedy another for wait and by sit just can’t We @BostonGlobe: RT … hr. an $15 to to calling while Moines Des in applause by interrupted .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT http:… picnic! Hockensmith the at bargaining collective of power the &amp; reform immigration talking .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT … afternoon. this @MartinOMalley meet to excited and for ready Knoxville in crowd Huge @omalleyforia: RT @MartinOMalley for working start to ready Seniors School High local Two @MVBarnhill: RT … about speak @MartinOMalley to listen to Knoxville in out people of Lots @WhitneyLarsen77: RT @ericswalwell O’Malley”- President become to O'Malley Governor need students "American speech. rousing a after @MartinOMalley for ovation Standing @ksosanie: RT afternoon! this Keene in about speaking .@MartinOMalley @jtackeff: RT no… Glass-Steagall reinstate to need We manage! to big too apparently And jail? to big Too fail? to big "Too Keene: in O'M @omalleyfornh: RT … -@MartinOMalley that." forget never must We people. is economy Our money. not is economy "Our @shaunadamec: RT staff @omalleyfornh with Lunch More Learn a for us Join today? @MartinOMalley Meet @omalleyfornh: RT Glass-Steagall on rivals House White challenges .@MartinOMalley @bpolitics: RT @MartinOMalley hear to Dems Lebanon of house Packed @omalleyfornh: RT … can" we whenever and wherever hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise must "we Lebanon in house packed to @MartinOMalley . @bivonajohn: RT @omalleyfornh small. and big reporter, every from questions Taking -O’M conflict. of 12yrs into us led have policies Rep. reality: this overlook &amp; offensive are deal Iran the on comments .@govmikehuckabee’s fixes. fuel fossil short-term dirty, on rely we if future energy clean a have can't we bc to opposed I’m @omalleyforia @dmregister headlines: front-page in Today, me. with you're if RT @omalleyfornh: RT St… Wall the down slow to bill @TammyBaldwin's supporting are @MartinOMalley Gov and @BernieSanders Sen that pleased I'm @elizabethforma: RT plan: full my out Check accomplish. will and support I what but expect,” to “what just Not weekend: this them to listening &amp; visiting to fwd Looking attention. &amp; help need in citizens fellow Our historias: sus escuchar y visitar de Emocionado atención. y ayuda necesitan en conciudadanos Nuestros Hampshire! New in county every visited officially We've equity. healthcare up: Next citizens. our all for care must We bankruptcy. for file to able be that ask to right is .@Whitehouse DC! in hour happy professionals young our at crowd Great days. for goals. four these to commit and Street Wall to up stand to willing be should candidate @TheDemocrats Every @omalleyforia saying. are folks some what Here's Iowa! in people exciting is http:… at up sign @MartinOMalley with standing he’s why saying emailed just Spanos Pete @omalleyfornh: RT agree. should candidates All . reinstate &amp; $ taxpayer gambling from banks big stop to call my followed @GovernorPerry Wow—even -O’M it. defund to efforts to up stand should We America. across women of millions to services care health essential provides .@PPFA … City! Iowa in party house at @MartinOMalley for caucus to commit to excited Folks @kramer_ben: RT in now esp. benefits, these protect must healthy—we ppl elderly &amp; low-income keep to &amp; created LBJ ago 50yrs . en especialmente protegerlo, Debemos saludables. ser pudieran ingresos bajos de personas q para creo LBJ años 50 Hace Lunches. More Learn our for up sign to time Still @omalleyfornh: RT win: superbowl first @Ravens history, our in day great another to founded. was today, ago years 286 : @NatUrbanLeague speaks O’Malley Gov. as LIVE in Tune the… when even vulnerability, of state constant a endure color of Americans that us reminds story every .@MartinOMalley: @NatUrbanLeague: RT divid… than us unites that more is There people. and nation compassionate and just more a become can we .@MartinOMalley: @NatUrbanLeague: RT mine: Here’s system. justice criminal America’s for framework rehabilitation and reinvestment a need We serve. they communities the and enforcement law between trust build to work must We … read: Must seen. I've agenda reform justice criminal and policing comprehensive most the released just O'Malley Gov @samswey: RT http://… here. is plan reform justice criminal @MartinOMalley’s of outline The American.” spare a as thing such no is “There @JamilSmith: RT http://t… more: &amp; plan reform justice criminal his on @MartinOMalley with spoke @JamilahLemieux EBONY's @EBONYMag: RT gun. a carry &amp; badge a wear city—or a run to qualified not are you this, believe not do you If system justice criminal the fix to plan bold his unveiled just O’Malley Martin @PolicyMic: RT htt… @joseadelgadoend citizens" fellow our help to obligation have "we @elnuevodia in spread out checking .@MartinOMalley @GabiDomenzain: RT Rico. Puerto en esta @MartinOMalley Interesante. @Moluskein: RT … @NoticentroWAPA 5pm Detalles @MartinOMalley EEUU de presidencia la a democrata precandidato el con hablo AHORA @riverasaniel: RT … JP Santurce. de Placita la en @MartinOMalley , de presidencial precandidato el con conversación Excelente @jrperello: RT priority a Rico Puerto makes O'Malley Martin default, of face the In @HuffingtonPost: RT plants. power beyond sources emission large cover to it expand I’d &amp; fwd, step great a is plan power clean .@POTUS’s … Market! Farmers Nashua at @MartinOMalley about talking be to excited @omalleyfornh Team @jtackeff: RT … @maggieNYT tensions. racial amid overhaul justice criminal for calls O’Malley Martin @nytpolitics: RT camps. internment from kids &amp; mothers refugee release appropriately: court district the to respond should .@dhsgov internamiento. de campos en refugiados madres/niños las a liberar y de Tribunal al responder debe .@dhsgov (1/2) reeling. economy the left have treatment unequal &amp; crisis debt their how firsthand saw I weekend, this to visit my During debts. its pay to needs PR flexibility the provide to govt urge to continue equally—I’ll treated be should &amp; citizens are Ricans Puerto skin. their of color the of because dignity their surrenders American No Islands. Rican Puerto the to California from land, my is land this land, your is land This . &amp; me with stand to RT wrong. is defund to vote Today's women. of millions to services care health critical provides .@ppfa . acuerdo de estas si RT error. un es fondos recortar para Votación mujeres. de millones a medicos servicios provee .@ppfa marijuana reclassify penalty, death Abolish plan: justice criminal O'Malley's CNN: @helenmiller49: RT h… @wis10 trail. campaign on justice criminal talk to America of Leaders 20/20 w/ meets .@martinomalley @WillWhitsonWIS: RT roundtable tomorrow of leaders 20/20 Carolina South O'Malley Martin LIVE: WATCH @politico: RT engagement… important up, this lift box, the ban to efforts believe do "I ex-cons. for chances 2nd talks .@martinomalley @WillWhitsonWIS: RT -O’M vote. to right citizen’s every protect to amendment constitutional a for calling am I , the of anniversary 50th the approach we As together: that change vote—let’s to right the secure affirmatively not does Constitution The @omalleyfornh: RT … amendment constitutional rights voting a for call to @MartinOMalley CNN: on First @CNNPolitics: RT bienvenida. la por Gracias palabras. no acciones, con a ayudar para listos Estamos .@moluskein yet proposal rights voting boldest 2016’s offered just candidate presidential Democratic A @Salon: RT here: plan my Read resonate. always will justice for Voices die. never justice for Voices more. do must we them—but meet to track on be to MD in did we what of proud I’m rules. Power Clean @POTUS's applaud I @MartinOMalley with @ChairChats live shortly: up Coming @scdp: RT @ChairChats for ready getting @MartinOMalley Governor and @harrisonjaime Chairman @scdp: RT @MartinOMalley Governor with @ChairChats LIVE: NOW : on LIVE @scdp: RT prison. in belong not do children editorial, @nytopinion this with agree I and @PPNHAF join to proud are team field our of Members @omalleyfornh: RT … . for Hungry City. Iowa in @MartinOMalley for caucus to committing folks more and More @kramer_ben: RT Carolina. South to visit my about writes @TheState apart. country our tear to threatens injustice Growing … up! fired more me got she @MartinOMalley for caucus to excited so is Jean @clairequestion: RT afternoon! this office field new our opening @MartinOMalley with Rapids Cedar in crowd Great @ksosanie: RT office. Rapids Cedar new his of opening the for arrives .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT @MartinOMalley Governor for Rapids Cedar in only room Standing @afreedman23: RT caucuses…(1/2) Iowa the before have to going we’re debates of number the limit can they think .@TheDemocrats (2/2) -O’M kids. our give we country the of future the shape will they Because many. but two, just not debate, one just not have to need We . @thedemocrats tell and agree, you if RT @thenation via contractors: for leave paid required w/ example by leading is @WhiteHouse off—glad time paid get don’t Americans 40M+ debates. 2016 limiting for Committee National Democratic criticizes .@MartinOMalley @DMRegister: RT @MartinOMalley via Debate GOP Tonight's At Hear Won't You Things 15 Are Here @ijreview: RT fighting. keep must permanent—we not is progress But vote. to right the than democracy sacred our to fundamental more is Nothing right. fundamental this curtailed have states 29 then, Since laws. voting restrictive for door the opened &amp; the gutted 2013, In all. for and once Americans, all for vote to right the guarantee to solution a need We democracy. our of integrity the protect &amp; efforts suppression voter end to authority the courts give would amendment constitutional A DC. in folks not voters, the by set be should They charge. in not You're debates! our off hands @TheDemocrats: Hey Washington. in @TheDemocrats voters—not by dictated be should debates presidential of number The http:… forum. AFL-CIO Iowa the at speech intro enthusiastic with room the in liveliness some back bringing @MartinOMalley @SarahBeckman3: RT AFL-CIO at @MartinOMalley unions" join to people for easier it make to got You up? go to wages want "You @IAStartingLine: RT decision. every of center the at class middle stronger a of goal the put he MD, In Do? O’Malley Would What counseling. pregnancy free to access women low-income 35k giving Act, Works Planning Family the signed I MD In Americans. New for licenses drivers &amp; Act DREAM the passed Americans—we New scapegoat didn’t we MD In participation. full of light the into and society, shadow the and economy shadow the of out people 11M get to need We Act. DREAM own our passed we act, to gov federal the for wait didn’t we Maryland, In todos. para realidad una en Americano Sueño el convertir para luche yo Maryland, de Gobernador Como @BarackObama. needed America Bush, W. George of years miserable eight after @JebBush, Hey @MartinOMalley under row a in years 5 nation the in #1 were schools MD @GabiDomenzain: RT it. about unabashed be to need we and expand to need We firmeza. con y orgullo con Social Seguro el expandir Necesitamos . on beat the on cops putting of favor in am I and Glass-Steagall, reinstating of favor in am I principles. four these to commit to candidate every on call I Street. Wall in rein must We choose! to right her and health to right women's a supports @MartinOMalley @HeavenAndBalder: RT Women. By Owned Businesses In #1 Ranked was Maryland @MartinOMalley Under FACT: women! about talk Let’s @omalleyfornh: RT … grows. @MartinOMalley for support and respect my , the at answer every With @lorialivingston: RT MD’ers. transgender to laws anti-discrimination extended and law into equality marriage signed I Governor, As right. state a not right, human a is equality Marriage … MD. in equality marriage Like done. them getting of record has he values, progressive hold just doesn't .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT -O'M debates. democratic more Have ? entertaining. was it heard but , the see Didn’t -O'M demócratas. entre debates mas Tendría ? entretenido. muy estuvo que dicen me pero el vi No do. to thing Democratic the It's NH. in debate presidential one then more for allows DNC the that hope do I @ShurtleffSteve: RT ? @DHSgov didn't Why children. and women vulnerable jailing on insist we yet country compassionate welcoming, a is US The refugiados? mamas y niños los a liberar a @DHSgov rehusa se ¿Porque nación. como definen nos generosidad y compasión La O'Malley! Gov. welcoming crowd Large @helenmiller49: RT morning! this @MartinOMalley for Dodge Ft. in crowd Electric @eegorman: RT http://t.… Dream. American the rebuild to how about talking @MartinOMalley with Center Grundy in here house Full @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… @barackobama" was introduced I candidate Last 100%. is record "track says @MartinOMalley introduces Carol @ksosanie: RT Center Grundy in folks meeting .@MartinOMalley @_LeahKay_: RT http://t… IA City, Charles in day the of stop final our with @MartinOMalley see to out crowds packed on 3 for 3 @eegorman: RT … MD in education public on record his commending City, Charles in @MartinOMalley introduces Prichard Rep @ksosanie: RT fair! state the to people inviting banking, phone today's at out helped Mila grand-dog My -O’M . because act, will I President, as And act. must Brown—we —Michael just than more do must We reform. justice criminal strong for need urgent the reinforce events night's today—last w/ are prayers Our in. tune to sure make EDT, 12:25 at @mitchellreports on live be I’ll staff - 'undemocratic.' is candidates Democratic for debates limiting DNC the says .@MartinOMalley @mitchellreports: RT … debate.” 1 than more deserve NH of people the agree all can we think "I @HeraldRadio: on .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT today: plan my share &amp; Read better. do to need &amp; can We reform. justice criminal need we ever than more now believe I now: right than campaign the join to time better No why on Staters Granite local some by column Great … (Getty) plan: debate Committee's National Democratic of legality questions .@MartinOMalley @msnbc: RT more. and @TheWorkersLab, @BlackGirlsCode, @Microsoft, from leaders tech &amp; me w/ chat to @JoinBrigade by Come wage. minimum the in increase an without long too gone have families Working … America. for vision progressive bold, his about talk to @kenmonarchs joins @MartinOMalley now: Happening @omalleyfornh: RT refugiados. niños y mujeres a encarcelar deberíamos No compasiva. y generosa nación una Somos change. climate stop to aggressively and immediately act to obligation moral a have We ! ¡Gracias, matter. actions AND Words @voxdotcom via // —&gt; matter Details solutions: forward put and system justice criminal broken our assess honestly to needs country Our @MartinOMalley: father, his for campaigning O'Malley William @omalleyforia: RT http:/… ! for ready is Davenport @MartinOMalley! for supporter another in brings O'Malley Will @SeanMcEnerney: RT in! Tune ET. 8:30am at morning this @Morning_Joe @msnbc's on be I'll primary… their before debate” 1 than more deserve Hampshire New of people “The says: @MartinOMalley @Morning_Joe @msnbc On @omalleyfornh: RT -O'M Dream. American the Rebuild to goals 15 my releasing am I ideas—today, bold and solutions new needs country Our … America for vision progressive bold @MartinOMalley’s talking on @JoeCurtatone Mayor now Happening @omalleyfornh: RT @Medium on more govern—read we how in center and front results measurable and approaches, bold ideas, new put will I migratorio. sistema nuestro reformar de necesidad la sobre @LaPrensaIowa en articulo mi pierdas te No … 4pm @ LIVE soapbox! @DMRegister at speaks @MartinOMalley WATCH @omalleyforia: RT Iowa of tour 16-city announces .@MartinOMalley @DMRegister: RT more—&gt; Read the for vision forward-thinking &amp; just more a in grounded are goals 15 These O'M - prayers. and thoughts our in family his and Carter President keeping are I and Katie Americano" Sueño el "reconstruir para metas 15 presenta O´Malley @LaOpinionLA: RT force full in out Vols @MartinOMalley! with time fair state IA It's @haleymorris: RT Grace. daughter and William son w/ @IowaStateFair at arrives .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT at booth their at @iowademocrats greet to by stops .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT at tech printing 3D about hearing .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT http:/… chairs. the of most claiming already supporters appearance, @MartinOMalley's before hour An @kelsey_kremer: RT … at Slide Family Reinhardt of top to heading family his and .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT … at slide giant the down went Grace and Will kids his and .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT http… Slide. Giant the from descent upon @MartinOMalley says more," &amp; be would it thought we everything was "It @GrantMRodgers: RT fam! and @MartinOMalley with slide family Reichardt the It's @haleymorris: RT C-SPAN on ET 5pm at LIVE – @iowastatefair at .@MartinOMalley @cspan: RT box! soap @IowaStateFair @DMRegister @MartinOMalley for up fill to starting Crowd @JosephOHern: RT htt… results." measuring you and CitiSTAT, with impressed so was "I : at us stops Iowan An @omalleyforia: RT EST 5pm @ LIVE WATCH soapbox! @DMRegister the at O’Malley for gathering is crowd The … well-organized seems signs, with many Soapbox, on turn @MartinOMalley's for out crowd Large @IAStartingLine: RT soapbox: @DMRegister the at speaks O’Malley Governor LIVE, WATCH speeches Soapbox today's of crowd cheering loudest the has .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT choice." a is "Progress . at speech his off kicks .@MartinOMalley @brianneDMR: RT destiny.” own our make “We live: Watch http:/… energy. and voice booming of bc Fair State Iowa the at spectators in drawing definitely is @MartinOMalley @983TheTorch: RT all. for opportunity &amp; justice of places as cities rebuild to agenda new a for calls progress American of era new A … Americans!" all for again real promise the make And Dream. American the rebuild will that party the is "Ours @omalleyforia: RT … Q&amp;A &amp; speech energetic after stage Soapbox the leaves @MartinOMalley as "O'Malley" of Chants @IAStartingLine: RT @MartinOMalley for headquarters at here banking Phone @omalleyfornh: RT … Dream American the Rebuild to Goals 15 @MartinOMalley's about neighbors our calling office the in buzz Great @MattSheaff: RT http://… bankers phone thank to office field Moines Des by swings @MartinOMalley Fair State IA at success huge After @ksosanie: RT Dream' Dream' 'American for Blueprint Unveils @martinomalley @unionleader: read: Good @omalleyfornh: RT neighbor our w/ cooperation &amp; collaboration greater to forward marines—looking 3 these for &amp; @USEmbCuba day Historic -O’M expanded. be should and us, among vulnerable most the protect —you birthday 80th Happy … Dream American Rebuild to on Rapids Cedar in Matters Child Every &amp; @MartinOMalley w/ table Full @ksosanie: RT … families! &amp; kids our for Dream American the rebuilding about @MartinOMalley Gov w/ talking be to excited So @ECMIowa: RT @MartinOMalley simple. is child a Feeding hard. is poverty Eradicating @ECMIowa: RT @MartinOMalley Baltimore. of city the of kids the and Bay Chesapeake the of waters influences: artistic My @ECMIowa: RT http://t.… children of rights the on roundtable @VotingforKids a at speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT you! thank culture and arts the of understanding great a has Dad . at it Rocked Grace @martinomalley @JayAFTA: RT http:… @martinomalley! for caucus to committing for and support, your for @brian_guillaume Thanks @omalleyforia: RT http://t… jobs" the doing those to talk executives when done get can you what amazing "it's responds .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT .@MartinOMalley president next our supporting early Out @vogt_for_nicky: RT us: with you’re if RT . why understands leader party .@iowademocrats Lake Clear in today @MartinOMalley with Ding Wing Iowa the at be to Excited @MVBarnhill: RT Fair. State Iowa the at speech great his watching after @MartinOMalley meet to excited was Abby @udidthisjgilde: RT expandirlo. que hay nación, la de grandes mas logros los de uno es Social Seguro El @iowawingding the for Lake Clear in here forces in out @MartinOMalley Team @carleegriffeth: RT @MartinOMalley surreal is excitement The @WhitneyLarsen77: RT Dinner Ding Wing outside dad his for chants leading Will son .@MartinOMalley's @IAStartingLine: RT presence event big in matching @MartinOMalley but polls, in Clinton behind be might He @IAStartingLine: RT @iowawingding @MartinOMalley for love the showing @omalleyforia @JosephOHern: RT Dinner Ding Wing Democratic Iowa the outside guys @MartinOMalley these from signage Creative @_LeahKay_: RT Iowa! in speech my for EST 9pm at in Tune http:/… ! &amp; talk to 8pm at stage @iowawingding the hitting .@MartinOMalley's @omalleyforia: RT crowd: @iowawingding the addresses O’Malley Governor NOW, Happening … crowd tells @MartinOMalley lifetime a for debt crushing with people burden shouldn't college to Going @IAStartingLine: RT words.” not Actions, family. every for affordable more college make to row a in years four tuition college froze "We live: Watch won.” we Equality—and Marriage for fought we Act, DREAM the for fought "We … @iowawingding work! overtime for pay overtime paying of justice economic the to return must We @omalleyforia: RT Security." Social expand must we Security, Social cutting of "Instead @MartinOMalley @susaniniowa: RT htt… excites &amp; notes right the all hits he but tonight speaking candidate presidential third is .@MartinOMalley @ricksmith2825: RT growth." economic of cause the is class middle strong "a .@MartinOMalley: @iowademocrats: RT up." us breaks it before up broken be to needs it &amp; big, damn too ’s to big too &amp; jail, to big too fail, to big too is bank a “If today: us Join ? for Ready speech? the Enjoy @omalleyforia: RT … today @MartinOMalley backed who Congressman, Iowa former Bedell, Berkley Here's @IAStartingLine: RT dinner the after @MartinOMalley with greet &amp; Meet @_LeahKay_: RT … rule. an It's . after Iowans to talk &amp; meet to around sticking @MartinOMalley always- As @ksosanie: RT @iowawingding. crowd the Working @omalleyforia: RT tonight. the at speech passionate a gave who wordsmith elegant an is @MartinOMalley @susaniniowa: RT details latest the get to at up sign you sure make 26 August NH in back .@martinomalley's @jtackeff: RT http… #iacaucus real"@MartinOMalley isn't change climate that believe rarely they people, young our to "Talk @omalleyforia: RT http://t… @MartinOMalley for Banking Phone . the at day great a of follow you how is This @SCohen22: RT … Bluffs Council in Park Baylis at here @MartinOMalley and @CharlieMcConkey meet come set, is stage The @JosephOHern: RT Leadership @CharlieMcConkey supporting Bluffs Council in .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t… us join you’ll hope – more &amp; debates more for fight his on @MartinOMalley Gov former 10:30ET: at up Coming @FaceTheNation: RT more. and , why , discuss I’ll where EST 10:40am at minutes 10 just in @FaceTheNation on me Catch -O'M world. our on mark indelible an made justice for fighting to commitment &amp; courage passion, away—his passed Bond Julian hear to Saddened questions. important these to answers get will voters way only the it's because here: up sign can You 26th! August on Portsmouth in @MartinOMalley meet Come @jtackeff: RT people.” the by people, the for “He’s Bluffs. Council of Miller Monica said amazing,” [O’Malley’s] think “I op-ed: my Read it. of heard you've likely not it's but hemisphere own our in happening crisis humanitarian a is There month! this come to more many &amp; down 25 visited: I've counties the all of map a keeps @jakeoeth director state IA My htt… come! to more and down 26 @MartinOMalley. by visited counties the of tally a keeps @JakeOeth @omalleyforia: RT nation: our for goals strategic 15 out laid have I why That's choice. a is Progress important." very that’s think I and governor, as leadership enlightened demonstrated truly has “[O'Malley] … in Tune . talk to 9AM at live @WKBKAM on Mitchell Dan joins @MartinOMalley tomorrow NH Hey @omalleyfornh: RT op-ed: my Read epidemic. cholera deadly Haiti's for responsibility take should The htt… &amp;more schedule debate DNC limited , talk to @wkxlnhchris joins @MartinOMalley 10AM tomorrow Also, @omalleyfornh: RT here: it Catch Ding? Wing Democratic Iowa the at speech my Miss https:/… @MartinOMalley affordable! more college make to need we that agree you if SHARE @omalleyforia: RT … in Tune . talk to 9AM at live @WKBKAM on Mitchell Dan joins @MartinOMalley NH! morning Good @MattSheaff: RT Trump Donald de odio” de “retórica combatir pide O'Malley @LaOpinionLA: RT agree: you if Join people. is economy Our money. isn't economy Our … Thurs talking @POPVOX &amp; @JoinBrigade @lessin, @BlackGirlsCode .@martinomalley, @POPVOX: RT answered? want you do questions debate—what first the for Oct. till wait to have shouldn’t You candidates: the from hear voters the let and way the of out get to @TheDemocrats tell us Help @omalleyfornh: RT http://… info More NH. to tour Dream American the Rebuilding the brings .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT yours: —ask before questions answer to opportunities more have should Candidates yours: primary—ask NH the before questions answer to opportunities more have should Candidates http… Vegas Las en Trump de hotel de empleados con PT 11:00am las a prensa de conferencia dará .@MartinOMalley @UniPolitica: RT organi… to right the demand they as Vegas Las in @realDonaldTrump of employees joining I'm Today : on LIVE @realDonaldTrump cc @TrumpLasVegas the of front in speaks @MartinOMalley Now: @Culinary226: RT LIVE: Watch @360Magazine fairly. them treat and workers his respect should Trump that says .@MartinOMalley @Culinary226: RT @TrumpLasVegas at organize to fight their supporting for @MartinOMalley thank workers Trump @Culinary226: RT … story: his out Check @MartinOMalley. supports he why saying letters writing Tony's @AVusk: RT @MartinOMalley class" middle growing ever mobile upwardly an on relies strength "Americas @NVAFLCIO: RT @MartinOMalley now." reform immigration comprehensive pass and shadows the of out workers get "Let's @RachelReko: RT @MartinOMalley can. we whenever and wherever $15/hr to wage minimum the raise must We @ydc226: RT @MartinOMalley People" is Economy Our Money, not is economy "Our @ArtieBlancoSays: RT @MartinOMalley! convention our to coming for Thanks @RachelReko: RT … @TrumpLasVegas courage. and strength their for shoutout a workers Trump the gives @MartinOMalley Governor @Culinary226: RT door front Trump's to battle the taking is O'Malley @dailykos: for latest @adambonin: RT respect. and dignity with workers our treat to need we grow, to economy our want we If -O’M founder. @OfficialCBC Stokes, Rep. RIP all. for equity advance to driven and selfless was He work. his from benefited Millions http:… @MartinOMalley. 4 phones the hits she week # to backs .She in believes Elaine @ben_buysse: RT https:… @MartinOMalley accountable! hold to need we that agree you if SHARE @omalleyforia: RT competition! tech civic startup at for @MartinOMalley pitch to Ready @travismoore: RT Francisco San in Hall The at pitches startup tech to listens @MartinOMalley candidate House White @joegarofoli: RT start-ups. dynamic eight from pitches hear to Excited Francisco! San in event tonight’s at crowd Great … @trevorcornwell @Forum280 w/ for @MartinOMalley at @LassyProject for pitch Fantastic @Surf_Apps: RT … others! &amp; @MartinOMalley w/ tonight contest pitch startup tech civic a judge @HillaryLehr our have to Happy @JoinBrigade: RT … Millennials &amp; tech w event campaign @MartinOMalley candidate 2016 Dem w SF in LIVE : on LIVE @cmarinucci: RT @periscopeco: on LIVE contest pitch start-up Francisco San our watch @Cmarinucci: Via @MartinOMalley to listening in Hall the at night Incredible @sccornwell: RT … in at pitch to us allowing for @MartinOMalley you Thank @LassyProject: @LassyProject: RT http:/… @grodeska //cc: GUYS THESE @MartinOMalley? candidate presidential of front in platform tech civic a pitched just who @cpalmatier: RT … @Ready4Martin We're Francisco! San in Reception Leadership New @MartinOMalley's for house full a see to Glad @ericswalwell: RT technology. through service public improving about talk to others and @Microsoft @BlackGirlsCode @POPVOX with AM this @JoinBrigade be will I http:… supporters."–CNN O'Malley Martin the the hear can Lake, Clear in here "Right @omalleyforia: RT SF in @JoinBrigade at discussion tech start to about is @MartinOMalley candidate presidential Dem @Josh_Richman: RT NOW! HAPPENING @JoinBrigade: RT http… economy innovation in opportunities &amp; challenges @6Gems @matthewmahan @MicrosoftSV @lessin @marcidale .@MartinOMalley @JoinBrigade: RT … @JoinBrigade @LassyProject @POPVOX @BlackGirlsCode @MartinOMalley with discussion Great @trevorcornwell: RT more. &amp; @Microsoft @BlackGirlsCode @POPVOX @JoinBrigade w/ panel gov. &amp; tech our at house Full … here: available are RSVP and Details BBQ. a for Wednesday next Portsmouth in be will @MartinOMalley Governor @PortsDems: RT unnoticed: go won't efforts @culinary226's &amp; unionize to able be should workers that recognizing for @maddow Thanks today! signup - NH in @MartinOMalley miss Don’t @omalleyfornh: RT importantes. mas temas los sobre ella con hablar de oportunidad la por @LaOpinionLA la de @mariauxpen a Gracias . not, or moderating Stewart Jon Signed. weeks: coming the in ones popular most the answer here—I’ll Ask own? your of question debate a Have ! to speaking @martinomalley candidate : on LIVE @youngdems: RT at attendance in us of all addressing .@MartinOMalley @jenhouse: RT at O'Malley Gov us" of few a just not us, of all for work should economy "Our @lizabeth_verse: RT http://t.… -@MartinOMalley problems" solve don't and country this build didn't anger and "Fear @ColtonGriffin: RT … convention @youngdems the addresses @MartinOMalley Gov. fmr and President for candidate Democratic @atima_omara: RT -@MartinOMalley Liberty. of Statue the It's fence. link chain and wire barbed not is America your of symbol The @notmegawattage: RT -@MartinOMalley Party" Dem. the of leaders the are halls these delegates! DNC be to all you want "I @CAYoungDems: RT at room the owned just He -@MartinOMalley yours. already is party This @notmegawattage: RT at @MartinOMalley for ovation Standing @notmegawattage: RT today: for campaign our Join ? at heard you what Like op-ed: my Read retirement. secure more a for foundation a provide to benefits Security Social expand to need We it: do to plan my is Here . expand to need We fight. we why is This menace? a me makes licenses handgun and checks background supporting if @NRA the is extreme How seniors: our under from out falling that’s floor the It’s falling. that’s sky the not It’s … graphic. today's in few a highlighted We . for plans his released recently .@MartinOMalley @NCPSSM: RT -O'M September! in convention annual their at @NHDems with talk to wait Can't : expanding for case the makes .@MartinOMalley @SSWorks: RT Ukraine, Syria, from refugees on leading be should WE " your tired, your me “give to happened What -O’M fight. this leading for you Thank country. our of achievements greatest the of one is Security Social .@RepCummings of expansion the supporting for @MartinOMalley you Thank @RepCummings: RT … tour Dream American the Rebuilding our on @MartinOMalley with today Indianola in energy Great @omalleyforia: RT @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley see to Library Public Indianola the at here ages all of Folks @ChouBenjamin: RT … ​ @maddow - @MartinOMalley." goes politics Democratic in today day the of "Play @omalleyforia: RT Iowa. Fairfield, in house packed a to speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Social… Summer Annual Windems at @MartinOMalley of behalf on campaign will @BrianFrosh General Attorney Maryland Tomorrow! @omalleyfornh: RT … Temple Labor AFL-CIO Keokuk the at welcome warm a receiving .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t.… IA Muscatine, in Dream American the Rebuilding about speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Davenport in event huge a at @MartinOMalley introduces Winkler Rep @ksosanie: RT http:/… @MartinOMalley work! overtime for pay overtime pay to need we agree you if SHARE @omalleyforia: RT row" a in years 5 for nation the in 1 number schools MD made "@MartinOMalley .@BrianFrosh: @MattSheaff: RT … @MartinOMalley." of because legislation safety gun comprehensive passed "we .@BrianFrosh: @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley supporting he’s why on @BrianFrosh General Attorney Maryland @omalleyfornh: RT . expand to plan my about @qctimes the in op-ed my Read years. eight in percent 50 by savings retirement adequate with Americans of number the increase help will plan My so: do to first the was I support, I do only Not . the to attention calling for thanks .@iamjohnoliver, … Forum! Candidates Presidential the at attendance confirm to first @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @CHCI: RT http://t.… Dems: Davenport among support @MartinOMalley's on article @globegazette's READ @omalleyforia: RT it! miss don’t — 9:05 at @JDBmsnbc with live be I’ll on @MartinOMalley - together” families keeping by stronger America make “You @mattcorridoni: RT Monitor Concord | debate candidates Democratic the Let Turn: Our @344_603: RT here: Watch morning? this @jdbalart on appearance my Miss all’ at Trump Donald about tough anything find don’t ‘I .@MartinOMalley: @JDBmsnbc: RT up. them break together—not families keep we when stronger is America lands. public our protecting to commit I’ll President, As @NatlParkService! HBD here: area your in events for Search tomorrow. NH to coming is Tour Dream American the Rebuild The Americans? New scapegoat he does Why workers? wage minimum on take he does why tough, so is @RealDonaldTrump If . expanding by start let's security, retirement ensure to @UnionLeader: in op-ed my Read … Security Social expand to plan his out lays @MartinOMalley NH, to trip his of advance In @omalleyfornh: RT job. the on respect &amp; pay fair deserves protections—everyone wage minimum get finally will workers care health Glad @omalleyfornh done. things getting call I what That's BOOM. @elraymer: RT mínimo. salario el para elegibles serán finalmente salud de trabajadores que saber alegra Me … Wednesday Parties House 30 Holding Along, Chugging Effort Grassroots @MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: From @ksosanie: RT … there! you See Windham. in today off kicks tour Dream American the Rebuilding The Hampshire! New @omalleyfornh: RT -O'M family. @WDBJ7 entire the with are thoughts My Awful. Senseless. @omalleyfornh Watch: Windham. in party house our live-streaming is .@WMUR9 … @omalleyfornh Windham! in @MartinOMalley for up set all getting Maria volunteer superstar Our @elraymer: RT … politics! retail unscripted - Hampshire New in party house at @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @mattcorridoni: RT Windham in Tour Dream American the Rebuilding our off kicking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT @ConMonitorNews candidates. the from hear to deserve staters debates—granite more for call another Yet Portsmouth! to tour Dream American the Rebuilding the bringing .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT way Hampshire New the hand every shaking question every answering .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT @KristiStL @MartinOMalley today! Windham in O'Malley Martin for turnout Great @plaistowdems: RT inequalities. many too face still they Today, vote. to right the granted were women when ago, years 95 celebrates injusticias. muchas enfrentan todavía Hoy, votar. a derecho el obtuvieron mujeres las que desde años 95 celebramos Hoy decisions. care health own her make to right woman’s a for or pay, equal for fighting still are we believe to hard It’s leave. parental passing Act, Ledbetter Lilly MD the rights—signing women's on way the led we Maryland, In protections. violence domestic stronger for pushed , women, low-income to planning family expanded We workplace: the in equality for fight the continue I'd gap. pay the cut to fight I'd President, As trabajo. mismo el por salario mismo el ganen hombres &amp; mujeres que para luchare Presidente, Como . about talking Manchester in @McLane_Law at .@MartinOMalley @shaunadamec: RT Manchester in and talking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT http:/… you: near event @MartinOMalley local a Find TONIGHT! US JOIN @omalleyforia: RT Rally! , Happy Hollis to tour Dream American the Rebuilding brings .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT it." privatize not it cut not Security Social expand to time "it's .@MartinOMalley: @omalleyfornh: RT .@Univision @GabiDomenzain: RT agreement in Hollis in here crowd the and .@MartinOMalley @the_teejster: RT … @MartinOMalley endorsed she's why Party House this telling Hoyer Mary Chair County Henry @MVBarnhill: RT Ames! in party our during @MartinOMalley to Listening @mpreambo: RT … @MartinOMalley's about more learn to Watch party? house @omalleyforia an to it make Couldn't @ksosanie: RT … talk to @wgiram610 on studio in @JackHeathRadio joins @MartinOMalley 8:20 At @omalleyfornh: RT now: @NewsRadio610 on Governor the to Listen http:/… @JackHeathRadio w/ debates DNC reform, justice criminal security, social expanding talks .@MartinOMalley @MattSheaff: RT … time a at handshake one votes and hearts over winning - NH in .@MartinOMalley @Jay1043: RT checklist.” huge a going, kept just it him, with aligned beliefs progressive personal, my of lot a that found “I gov.” as years 7 successful his about talked O'Malley when especially Windham, in group the w/ resonated message "His country. our in place no has rhetoric hateful This racism. and hate to no say must We agree. I .@RichardTrumka, wages. higher for bargain to able be will workers more Now, office. in defend I'd that @NLRB—one by decision Strong violence. gun with has country our that problem the has country No … @MartinOMalley por Trump? Donald a confrontando estoy qué ¿Por Opinión: @UniPolitica: RT hand." last every shake question, last every answer anyone. than longer stay will who guy of kind the is "O'Malley http:… leader! progressive this meet to chance miss Don't 4:30 at booth visit to .@MartinOMalley @MinnesotaDFL: RT momentarily: live, @TheDemocrats address will O’Malley Governor WATCH: Watch: LIVE. @TheDemocrats addresses O’Malley NOW—Governor Happening before. attempted been never has process rigged of sort This afford? can we all That's Hampshire. New in debate One it? That’s Iowa. in debate One Watch: Party. our for option honorable an not is hate of face the in complacency &amp; Silence decide. people the let and case, our make must We first. stated be must she herself—but defend well damn can truth The : agree you if NOW name your Add … experience” executive of 15yrs w/ candidate only the am “I .@martinomalley: @omalleyforia: RT . agree you if RT party DEMOCRATIC the be to need we @MartinOMalley for O Standing @GabiDomenzain: RT … ovation. standing a Gets meeting. DNC at @MartinOMalley declares debate!" need We debate! need "We @NicholsUprising: RT @MartinOMalley - people." the of party the is ours opportunity, party the is "Ours @carleegriffeth: RT http… Hampshire New shortchanges schedule debate primary Democratic The Leaders: Dem NH @omalleyfornh: RT … speech.” fiery a delivering it, seized he &amp; DNC, the within waves make to chance clear one "had .@MartinOMalley @Lis_Smith: RT booth Fair State Union Farmers at @peco34 farmer MN western Greeting @MartinOMalley Governor @MNFarmersUnion: RT home. return or rebuild to struggling still those and ago, years ten lost those with are thoughts our Today, more: Read Baltimore. of Mayor as time my from memories back brings anniversary Today’s http:/… AQUÍ&gt;&gt; seguirlo Puedes Iowa. en inmigración de hablar para precandidatos y académicos, a reúne @UniPolitica: RT http://… speak &amp; attend to candidates pres 2 only of one @MartinOMalley forum! for BVU at auditorium Full @ksosanie: RT … 3:30c around speak will @MartinOMalley Univision. from live forum immigration Watch @omalleyforia: RT box… ballot at it defend to state first become to MD led Act, DREAM passed 1. @MartinOMalley: for wait we while Refresher @GabiDomenzain: RT school. work, to/from safely drive could they so Americans New to licenses drivers gave @MartinOMalley 2. @GabiDomenzain: RT http… plan his on wrote he piece a here’s today forum reform immigration an in participate to ready gets @MartinOMalley As @omalleyfornh: RT here: forum immigration speak @MartinOMalley Watch @omalleyforia: RT … imperative." economic "national a is reform immigration passing says @MartinOMalley candidate Pres , At @TUSK81: RT … group. constituency that or this for issue box the check a be] not [should reform .@MartinOMalley: @JuanSaaa: RT #… @MartinOMalley señala país" nuestro en protección buscan que niños y mujeres a rejas de detrás detener de dejar "Debemos @UniPolitica: RT Act Dream the passed @MartinOMalley Governor As @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley campaña" mi hecho ha que lo es eso y ideas con lideran que las son campañas mejores las que "Creo @UniPolitica: RT … Forum Immigration the after room overflow the in .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … campaign his and debates, DNC security, social expanding talks @WMUR9 on .@martinomalley @omalleyfornh: RT … Hampshire New in on marches @MartinOMalley room, living by room Living @omalleyfornh: RT http:… speak. to @MartinOMalley for waiting College, Grinnell at walls against standing floors, on sitting People @983TheTorch: RT campus. on he's time First College. Grinnell at @MartinOMalley for room packed Really @SarahBeckman3: RT … at house packed a to speak to about is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http:/… morning. Sunday a for turnout Strong @MartinOMalley. for waiting members community students, 400+ About @SarahBeckman3: RT http://t… times. 3 him seen they've say Others @MartinOMalley. seeing time first their it's room, the in some For @983TheTorch: RT #… more. there out name his wants stage, national the on debate @MartinOMalley see to like she'd me tells resident Newton @SarahBeckman3: RT telling. pretty is @MartinOMalley see to coming 400+ 1700, about of college a For @983TheTorch: RT @omalleyforia O’Malley! Governor for ready @grinnellcollege students 400 over of crowd Huge … to switched he why abt now speaking @MartinOMalley for students Grinnell of President @ksosanie: RT http:… @MartinOMalley - people." our of all It's people. it's money; not is economy "Our @omalleyforia: RT … good." common the advancing rebalancing, sensible "A now: paths two have only we says .@MartinOMalley @983TheTorch: RT @MartinOMalley - people!" not are "Corporations @omalleyforia: RT … @MartinOMalley - state" our in people 50,000 to rights voting restored "I've @LouieLumber: RT http://… goer! caucus every meeting – answered is question last the until stays .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT College Grinnell @ Grinnell! in here cards caucus to commit raining It's @BMcGrizzly: RT … today Grinnell in college affordable and practices policing better energy, renewable talked @MartinOMalley Governor @CYDiowa: RT … values class middle on speak @MartinOMalley hear to backroom 's into packed are people 300+ @omalleyforia: RT crowd Grinnell the from applause of bursts long drew O’Malley candidate!… one about all not It's primary. robust a need Dems doing! you're what support Completely .@MartinOMalley @johnbrisini: RT Bedell Berkley - prosperity’" 'great that back bring to O’Malley Martin endorsing are I and Elinor wife "My decide. people the let and case our make must We weekend. this again you see I’ll candidates. Democratic the among in stops most the made have I say to Happy everyone." for work economy the make to need the on hammered O'Malley 200, over just of crowd a to "Speaking -@MartinOMalley us.” to up is families American all for again true Dream American the make we not or "Whether @WVFDW: RT @MartinOMalley @omalleyforia for @IowaStateU from supporter another And @ChouBenjamin: RT ideas. our debate &amp; present can we if only but forward, us bring will Party Our four.” just to debates primary presidential party’s the limiting for … DNC the chastised O’Malley fiery &amp; gutsy “A care: cut not vets, for fight should We plan. vets his for vets to talk didn’t @RealBenCarson Apparently sacrifice. and service their of worthy is that plan a on country the across vets with working am I @RealBenCarson, Unlike citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National Service: National for plan My opportunities. service 500,000 provide to @AmeriCorps double then fund fully to need We 1M to path on 500k to 80k from @AmeriCorps growing plan, service natl bold @MartinOMalley's by Inspired @zmaurin: RT … opportunities service national expand to plan his about talks &amp; @MartinOMalley thanks .@ServiceNationNH @omalleyfornh: RT upgra… sewer in investments Dramatic watershed. Erie Lake help would @americorps of size hike to @MartinOMalley by Plan @ChrisRedfern419: RT experience. educational the to connected closely more be can … the on answers his see and using us Tweet questions! your want we and today @MartinOMalley with We're @ComeHereSayThat: RT … 2024. by opportunities service million half a provide &amp; @AmeriCorps fund fully to pledges .@MartinOMalley @MBrownCY: RT corps. service federal new develop to need we example, an as corps @fema Using speak Governor the hear to force full in out professionals Young that: fix Let’s programs. service national in participate to opportunity the denied are applicants many Too … now us joins @MartinOMalley candidate presidential Baltimore, of Mayor Maryland, of Governor Former @BosPublicRadio: RT on now right in tune - @BosPublicRadio on @MargeryEagan and @jimbraude joins .@MartinOMalley @shirazita: RT debates". six hold to plan DNC’s the about concern voicing are IA, to NH from activists, party of number growing "A now? us join she Will . agreed @HillaryClinton when 2008 to nombre: tu firma y Apóyame Septiembre. en debatir para listo estoy Yo here: is internet the fear, no Have BPR? on @MartinOMalley miss you Did @BosPublicRadio: RT Doyle's at O'Malley Martin Gov for greet &amp; meet 's @MattOMalley at turnout Large @Editor_JMike: RT … us. hosting for O'Malley Matt Councilor to Thx tonight! Boston in @MartinOMalley see 2 crowd Huge @zytehamel: RT http… Doyle's. @ eve Good access. voter energy, clean debt, college justice, econ re @MartinOMalley from plans Impressive @RachelPoliner: RT … talking today State Granite the in back is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … @NotiUno por O'Malley Martin demócrata, precandidato al entrevista Jovet Carmen 10am: HOY @NotiUno: RT it: do to how Here’s service. national through country her or his serve to opportunity the have should American Every talk to Chamber Salem at arrives .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT http:/… things these done actually has our in running candidate only the gov:I'm as record touts .@MartinOMalley @vaughnFNC: RT http:/… Liberty" of Statue the it's fence, wire barbed a not is country our of symbol enduring "the Salem in .@MartinOMalley @bivonajohn: RT http:/… hosting. for Chamber Salem and Dems Salem the to Thx Salem! in day the off Kicking .@martinomalley @bivonajohn: RT famine. and war flee who those help to more do must people compassionate a as We plan: college debt-free his discusses O’Malley Governor as LIVE Watch … Manchester. in Backroom Puritan the at girls selfie presidential the and students with chats O'Malley Martin @kailanikm: RT education! and Service National on speaking @MartinOMalley have to Excited @CityYearNH: RT unemployment." youth cutting for component key a is service "national .@MartinOMalley: @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley 52,000". than more to rights voting expanded we Maryland "In @bivonajohn: RT Hampshire: New Manchester, in group education with meets @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @MSNBC: RT … Jacket Year City his him gives and @MartinOMalley by inspired NH Year City of Potter Chris @omalleyfornh: RT http:/… provide. they service the on mem. @americorps 70 our appreciating &amp; office our visiting for you thank @MartinOMalley @CityYearNH: RT ! @PotterPowerCY members staff awesome our of one from piece uniform a accepted @MartinOMalley Today @CityYearNH: RT … ! @nationalservice of choice their on members @americorps our appreciate @MartinOMalley hear to great was It @Pawn4CYNH: RT @Techcocktail: on events tech civic our of all and Francisco San to trip recent my of recap great a Read more out find Keene in talking O'Malley Will @omalleyfornh: RT htt… word! the spread us help to here O'Malley Grace have to Great ! about excited is Portsmouth @omalleyfornh: RT Altoona in @MartinOMalley with townhall AFSCME weekend Day Labor the off Kicking @ksosanie: RT ready: get , enjoying you're While @omalleyforia: RT … him. miss wouldn't speak, O'Malley hear to miles 100 drove he says event Ogden the at supporter @MartinOMalley One @SarahBeckman3: RT http:… today Ogden in now house full to &amp; record progressive his talking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … . on @TheDemocrats to up standing in @MartinOMalley to job" "nice say to mid-speech out yells woman Boone @ksosanie: RT A's! St. at pizza over talking O'Malley Grace and Will @omalleyfornh: RT tonight. Company Brewing Confluence at crowd packed a in hands shaking .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT … @ConfluenceBrew at room crowded very a to chair a from stumps he as @MartinOMalley for cheers Huge @carleegriffeth: RT Politics &amp; Pints at @MartinOMalley for @ConfluenceBrew at here 250 maybe of crowd Big @IAStartingLine: RT @DMRegister: the in @ConfluenceBrew to visit @MartinOMalley's about Read @omalleyforia: RT right: is He crisis. refugee this during action and empathy for leadership, moral for called has .@Pontifex crisis. humanitarian this address to more do to government the for calling in me Join … -CIO Picnic Labor Clinton AFL-CIO the at speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT refugees. Syrian more accept and part our do must We people. generous and compassionate a be to continue must We http://t.… the rebuilding about Tipton in to speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http://t… Americans. all to justice equal to commitment his of because @MartinOMalley supporting is Riley, Peter @omalleyforia: RT Anamosa in questions taking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Breakfast! Labor NH the at Dad their repping O'Malley Grace and Will @omalleyfornh: RT -O’M nation. our improve to made have you progress the all for you —thank Happy country. this build helped has worker American The you: for fight to continue will I prosper. economy our make to out day &amp; in day work who all to you Thank family. of care take to need or sick they're when work to have should one No rule. this expand and defend will I @POTUS. go to Way htt… us! joining for O'Malley &amp;Grace Will to thanks Special marchers @MartinOMalley's deter couldn't 90degrees @omalleyfornh: RT … @MartinOMalley - can." we whenever and however wage minimum the raise "Let's @omalleyforia: RT http:… bargaining. collective wage, living wage, minimum raising speech, labor rousing a giving .@MartinOMalley @DavidRedlawsk: RT ustedes. por luchando Seguiré país. gran un hacen nos labor, y empeño cuyo trabajadores los todos a Gracias htt… Moms! supporting for @MartinOMalley you Thank . on stand they where candidates asking in .@MomsDemand @shannonrwatts: RT http://t… map the on counties new 4 in coloring @JakeOeth @MartinOMalley, with wkd Day Labor successful very a After @ksosanie: RT it.” worth is trip the and person, in him see to wanted I him. see to miles 100 drove “I Day” Labor on City Iowa to message pro-labor strong a brought O'Malley Martin hopeful presidential “Democratic DNC the for questions interesting some raises Burling Pete @omalleyfornh: RT process. the from themselves remove should @TheDemocrats Peter, with agree I . saying leader another Yet in! Tune @jaketapper. with @TheLeadCNN on live up Coming live! @jaketapper joins O’Malley Governor as NOW in Tune refugees Syrian more accept should the Governor: the with agree you if name your Add indefensible" morally is nothing do and back sit to us "For crisis: refugee on .@MartinOMalley @CNNPolitics: RT … Day” Labor on City Iowa to message pro-labor strong a brought @MartinOMalley hopeful presidential “Democratic @omalleyforia: RT done: things getting of years 15 my about more Learn road. the on phrase this hearing keep I done." things "Getting … Hampshire New | country the and Democrats hurts rule debate :DNC Democracy Stronger = debates More @SenatorHosmer: RT agree: you if us Join ideas. progressive bold, with forward nation our lead to one the be will Party Our op-ed: my Read more. do must nation Our crisis. refugee global unprecedented nearly a of midst the in is world The @USATODAY not: is refugees helping but complex, be may crisis humanitarian this of cause root the about do to What call. the join @SenatorHosmer &amp; @LouDallesandro @mfclark leaders Democratic NH @omalleyfornh: RT audaces. y progresistas ideas con adelante hacia país nuestro a llevando seguirá Demócrata Partido El … more much much and plan, tax @JebBush's on in weighs @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @bpolitics: RT Grace: daughter his and @MartinOMalley candidate presidential know to Get @ComeHereSayThat: RT tonight. @allinwithchris watch to sure Make @chrislhayes. with talk to on be I'll @allinwithchris? watching you Are Governor! the see to now @allinwithchris on Turn . agree. totally I Party. our in many so of call the echoing for @R_T_Rybak @TulsiGabbard Thanks . why that's and .@chrislhayes it. miss Don't 7:20. at @Morning_Joe on be will Governor The morning! Good now! @Morning_Joe to in Tune ET. 8:10 at live @democracynow on be will Governor The radio! the on listen or TV on Watch -O'M conversation! great the for and morning this me hosting for @democracynow Thanks take? it will many How exclusivity. @TheDemocrats about concerns their voicing more &amp; more have we passes that day Every @ijreview Wall on buck honest an make to Tried encarcelamos. que refugiados a EEUU en y , hasta de necesitados: mas los a ayudar Debemos http://t… are" we people compassionate and generous and good the like act to have "We crisis: refugee on .@MartinOMalley @allinwithchris: RT please! Yes songs? pub Irish classic singing &amp; guitar lead playing .@MartinOMalley @BrendanMcP: RT ! @MartinOMalley from Philadelphians these keep won't rain little A @eegorman: RT attacks. the in lives their lost who those remember we Today, nation. a and state, a city, a as mourned we 2001, in day this On others. save to lives their gave who citizens ordinary and responders first the of courage the remember we Today, day. every and each us defend who individuals brave those thank and recognize We forget. never must We together. share we values the of importance the remember always should We refugees. Syrian more welcome to needs The on. spot is editorial .@DMRegister’s America" Central from minors unaccompanied of behalf on summer last advocacy his w/ consistent is stance "O’Malley’s Gracias! @laprensaiowa. from Lorena with talking and Lake Storm to traveling pleasure a was It hemisphere. shared our in repression this for room No immediately. released be should prisoners political Venezuelan other + .@leopoldolopez http://t… @Jose_Aristimuno! Hispana, Prensa de Director @MartinOMalley's .@ElUniversal: @GabiDomenzain: RT -O’M tovah. L’shanah . this year new healthy and happy a all Wishing plan: full my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As -O'M harder. unions—not join to easier it make must we up, go to wages want we If America. across families hurt would This No. .@ScottWalker http://… pres. as implement he'd plan control gun the about talking he's where NYC in roundtable O'Malley Martin Gov. a At @ColinDaileda: RT http://… violence. gun to sons lost Both panel. control gun the at both are right, to left Morgan, Juanita and Thomas Ella @ColinDaileda: RT http:… advocacy. talking stories, their telling others now , plan: this of basics out laid O'Malley @ColinDaileda: RT gun national a for calls .@MartinOMalley @NRA: RT @CNNOpinion: via op-ed My now. reform need We longer. any off hold to important too is This @MartinOMalley ! support to on signed has hopeful presidential another Yet @MomsDemand: RT lives: save to more do to need We guns. own and purchase easily still can abusers Domestic plan: my Read accountable. actors bad hold and safety gun ensure to required tools the have must enforcement Law stream: live the Watch 10 at live @drshow the on be to Excited @dr… on @MartinOMalley decisions." healthcare women's a including making, at good no is govt decisions some are there believe "I @PPNHAF: RT Years 10 in Half in Deaths Gun Cutting for Calls .@MartinOMalley @CSGV: RT registry. gun a includes Dream" American the "restore to plan O'Malley's Martin @NRA RT Fixed. pais. nuestro para vitales son Latinos los de contribuciones Las Hispana! Herencia la de Mes el juntos ¡Celebremos country. our to add Latinos contributions &amp; talents the showcasing &amp; celebrating in me Join state” any of control gun of packages strongest the of one place in put he Maryland, of Governor as years eight "Over @Newsweek via guns.” to kids their losing fathers and mothers other of tired and sick being of tired and sick "I'm in! tune to, able you're If 6:15. at @MSNBC on be to going is Governor The out! it Check @LateNightSeth. on be will Governor The Tonight! Day! My in Back Plus @JuddWinick! and @MartinOMalley Brolin, Josh Tonight: @sethmeyers: RT Governor. the with show great a for in Tune ET. 12:35 at starts @LateNightSeth forget! Don't @MartinOMalley from message this out check NH Hey @omalleyfornh: RT … sirios refugiados más a acepte EEUU que @POTUS a carta una en pidió @MartinOMalley precandidato El @UniPolitica: RT crisis. humanitarian this of face the in up step to nations of leader moral a as responsibility a have We Party? our from hear Americans will When debate. second their is Tonight . last the to in tuned Americans million 24 -O’M back. you hold incident this let not do Please day. one engineer fine a be will you Ahmed, .@IStandWithAhmed headquarters. @thedemocrats outside protest @allowdebate the at crowd chanting Loud, agree you if RT supporters. @MartinOMalley are Most Hill. Capitol on HQ @TheDemocrats outside Protest @GVHLive: RT headquarters. @TheDemocrats outside Spotted http://t.… DNC the of front in troops the rallying Hamrick Dave Manager Campaign .@MartinOMalley @MollieByron: RT for stripes all of Dems up fires Hamrick Dave manager campaign .@MartinOMalley @Lis_Smith: RT @thedemocrats @MartinOMalley hate. GOP not @vogt_for_nicky: RT ideas. backward &amp; rhetoric racist is stage the on hear you’ll All arms. open with them welcome would O’Malley Governor famine. &amp; war unimaginable escaping are Refugees MD. in done it got there—&amp; was O’Malley Governor right, human a as equality marriage upheld SCOTUS When them. insult not Americans, New welcome will O’Malley Governor stage, debate Party Democratic a On racista. retorica y pasado del ideas son el en escucha se que Lo http://t.… 56% than more by Capacity Generation Renewable MD's grew .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Crickets. @TheDemocrats? &amp; racism. to policies economic bad —from of hrs through sat just We pierdas! lo te !No @jdbalart. con @JDBmsnbc en estaré ET 10:30am las a Hoy in! Tune @jdbalart. with ET 10:30am at morning this @JDBmsnbc on be I’ll Denver in session listening legalization marijuana my for me join to in Tune : on LIVE run… and up back is session listening marijuana Denver difficulties; technical the for Apologies : on LIVE legali… full on yet" there "not 2, sched as reschedule to action executive use he'd says @MartinOMalley Now: @BrandonRittiman: RT country. our to add contributions and diversity the celebrate let’s , this On sombras. las de sacar necesitamos que aquellos todos a y ciudadanos nuevos nuestros a celebramos Hoy Ciudadanía! la de Nacional Día ¡Feliz i… This right: is @MartinOMalley 0. far: so debates D of Viewership debate. R 2nd watched 23M debate. R 1st watched 24M @NicholsUprising: RT us. from hear Americans let not &amp; debate to continue to Republicans allow to malpractice Party It’s ustedes. con Estamos the across stories your share to courage the having for Gracias Convention! NHDP the before @MartinOMalley meet Come @omalleyfornh: RT -O'M presidency. the to way your scapegoat cannot You slur. a not is “Muslim” @realDonaldTrump. you, on Shame refugees. Syrian 65,000 welcome warmly would I , the at heard you words hateful the Unlike do. to thing right the refugees—it’s Syrian 65,000 accept should States United the agree you if me join and RT debates. more for call the joining for @NancyPelosi Thanks @LincolnChafee? @JimWebbUSA, @lessig, @HillaryClinton, @BernieSanders, you about How in. I’m - .@chrislhayes @MartinOMalley convention the for us join .@tuftsdems @vogt_for_nicky: RT convention! the for Excited campaign! the for early out .@omalleyfornh http… now right media social about thing best the is @Snapchat on geotag @MartinOMalley The @mattcorridoni: RT @MartinOMalley meet and to travel to early &amp; bright up Dems @BUCollegeDems: RT … @MartinOMalley supports she why about talk to booth @omalleyfornh our by stopping for Claire to Thanks @MollieByron: RT htt… Trump. Donald barker" "carnival decrying debates, more for call echoing — crowd the rally to here .@MartinOMalley's @caseymcdermott: RT outside chanting supporters @MartinOMalley Apostrophe!" an me Give O! an me "Give @ABCLiz: RT Convention. Democratic NH the to supporters with walks O'Malley @danmericaCNN: RT htt… wage. min. &amp; penalty death immigration, on record progressive his about crowd NH small a tells .@MartinOMalley @AliceOllstein: RT ht… state" own his in want I what accomplished already he's because @MartinOMalley supporting "I'm @vogt_for_nicky: RT http://… Convention! State NH the at LIVE speak O'Malley Gov. see to 11:20am at in Tune @omalleyfornh: RT the to tickets us getting for campaign his and @MartinOMalley to thankful are We @ASAP_Morgy: RT it! make could you glad @ASAP_Morgy Watch: Convention. State Hampshire New the at speaks O’Malley Gov. NOW: HAPPENING NHDC!!!!! at time @MartinOMalley is It @Eva4organizing: RT O'malley Martin @janeinak: RT divisions. new not , needs nation Our @omalleyfornh: RT people. the We us. about is This … families. more for affordable more college make to row a in years four tuition college froze We @omalleyfornh: RT choice. a too, is, opportunity more or opportunity less with future a children our give we Whether crowd. convention NH this over win to @MartinOMalley for long too take didn't It @Telegraph_Chris: RT su… pay, equal pay, OT wage, minimum raising inequality: economic on notes hits he when applause elicits .@MartinOMalley @caseymcdermott: RT ejecutiva. experiencia de años quince con presidencial precandidato único el soy Yo ---&gt; speech a of heck one giving @MartinOMalley @pretcap: RT http://… Liberty. of Statue the is fence—it wire barbed the not is nation our of symbol enduring The @omalleyfornh: RT agree: you if today us Join pe… working for up stands who guy a have to nice It's today. music our used @martinomalley candidate Presidential Heard @DropkickMurphys: RT -O'M Boston? in I'm time next me with tune a play Come Thanks! .@DropkickMurphys http:… Convention!! @NHDems at service national expanding referencing for @MartinOMalley You Thank @ServiceNationNH: RT yet? Governor the following you Are Instagram. from Snapshot . the watch really we Why @LateNightSeth: RT seguirá. ahí y corazones, nuestros en vivió @SabadoGigante años 53 Por carrera! exitosa su por Francisco Don a ¡Felicidades value. American an not is Hate bigotry. anti-Muslim Trump/Carson/GOP latest than better are people American stand.” we “united over Muslim-Americans against bigotry choose who candidates by led being Lincoln of party the see to sad It’s … today! @omalleyforia team Join am! this page front Gazette Rapids Cedar on @MartinOMalley see to Great @kramer_ben: RT @NH1News morning” Saturday supporters hundred of couple a energized O’Malley "Martin Convention: NHDP Before country. great a built never that but fear, and anger their have can Republicans The States” United the over all cities by used being is CitiStat now and national, went It success. huge a was “CitiStat … visit Francis' on NCR to commentary provided O'Malley Martin .@MartinOMalley @NCRonline: RT Politics" American in Latinos 40: Under "40 HuffPost's of part are @Jose_Aristimuno &amp; @GabiDomenzain that Thrilled op-ed: My priorities. obligations, nation's our on reflection a for calls visit Francis' Pope 2050. by energy renewable with electricity American of 100% Generate 2: Goal Governor. the from hear to hour the of top the at @mitchellreports to in Tune lives. their save to flee they migrate; to choose don't Refugees vidas. sus salvar para huyen ellos emigrar, eligen no refugiados Los @MSNBC @mitchellreports live. watch to NOW in Tune register? to needs who someone Know http:… ! supporting for Thanks @MartinOMalley. candidate pres &amp; Gov MD former from note this received Just @WomenBelong: RT Convention. State Party Democratic Hampshire New the at day my of up wrap Great ¡Bienvenido! country. our visit you have to blessing a Such @pontifex. States, United the to welcome warm A https:/… US. the to trip historic @Pontifex about @mitchellreports with talk @MartinOMalley WATCH @omalleyforia: RT (1/2) future. energy clean a to move to need we and environment our for bad it's because oppose I (2/2) followed. has @HillaryClinton , On it. following not opinion, public forging about is Leadership -O'M Kippur. Yom observe to world the &amp; Israel, America, across gathering those to fast easy and safe a wish I and Katie Iowa: throughout Saturday this @MartinOMalley MEET @omalleyforia: RT year. next refugees Syrian 65,000 than fewer no welcoming by call Francis’ Pope heed should States United The -O’M @Springsteen. Bruce Dream, American the of laureate poet the to Birthday Happy very A Mubarak be. to want you anything be can you nation—where great our across celebrating Muslims American to joyful a wishing Here's 2020. by America in hunger childhood End 8: Goal change climate on actions" "courageous take to Congress on calls Francis Pope @HuffPostPol: RT @Salon: answering. us without on go to debates Republican these allow to us for malpractice party it’s think I -O’M together. stay families so immediately act I’ll POTUS, As @Pontifex. to letter &amp; courage your for Sophie Gracias … more. and 2016, @Pontifex, talk to on interview exclusive an for @jaketapper join will .@MartinOMalley @CNNSotu: RT #2016 speech. @MartinOMalley the for @pitzercollege here house Packed @AnnieGreaney: RT @pzsenate! to Thanks @pitzercollege: at members community and students with speaks Governor the as LIVE Watch @pitzercollege! at @MartinOMalley w/ strong going Selfies @haleymorris: RT now! stream live the Watch @pitzercollege. room Packed -Mar… ahead." get to able be should You drive. and grit, determination, own your through country, our in start you "Wherever @cmcforum: RT the… of applause biggest draws &amp; prisons" for-profit against am "I @pitzercollege, tells @MartinOMalley clear," be me "Let @haleymorris: RT … today. @pitzercollege visited candidate, presidential 2016 and of Governor former @MartinOMalley @SBSunPhoto: RT toward charge the leading @POTUS with action, toward step great Another rhetoric? Republican hateful counter to NH/IA before debates Dem. four than more need we agree you Do poll! our Take es. lo no refugiados los a ayudando pero complejas, son humanitarias crisis la de raíz causas La reform immigration comprehensive through citizenship to pathway the on Americans new million 11 Put 5: Goal http:/… 12PM at Bar Coffee @SmokeyRow the at tomorrow @MartinOMalley meet Come Oskaloosa? in Live @omalleyforia: RT h… @katelinthicum with immigration talks @MartinOMalley debate, Democratic month's next of Ahead @latimespolitics: RT yet? poll our taken you Have valores. nuestros con cortas quedando están se políticas nuestras pero compasivo, y generoso país un Somos … minutes. few a in Market Farmers Moines Des downtown the at speak to set is .@MartinOMalley @SarahBeckman3: RT http:/… Pleasant. Mount Albia, Oskaloosa, to on Then Market. Farmers Moines Des at day starting .@MartinOMalley @GrantMRodgers: RT … morning this Market Farmers DSM the at Iowans with produce local about chats .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT Moines Des in crowd Market Farmers the working .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT http://t.… me" for big are Those control. gun &amp; wage min on done you've what like really "I @MartinOMalley: to Woman @ksosanie: RT htt… people is economy our money, not is economy our that @DTFarmersMarket ~120 of crowd telling .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … done! things getting and record progressive his about talking @MartinOMalley w/ Market Farmer's DSM @ @JakeOeth: RT http://… more. hear to want before, @MartinOMalley met have who people are crowd the of chunk good a like Seems @SarahBeckman3: RT events at him to handed guitars gets just usual, as .@MartinOMalley, @IAStartingLine: RT … done things getting of record @MartinOMalley's about talk to Bedford in is Murphy Peter Commissioner County MD @omalleyfornh: RT Oskaloosa! in @smokeyrow packed a at arrived has .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … 2050 by energy clean 100% for plan his about crowd tells @MartinOMalley saving." worth is planet "This @omalleyforia: RT @OskaloosaIA in meeting hall town a at questions takes @MartinOMalley @OskyNews: RT http:… American." spare a as thing such no there's country, our "In Oskaloosa: in reform immigration talks .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT http… at online up sign or involved, get to DSM in @JoJo_Sabine like organizers our of one to Talk @omalleyforia: RT http:… team @omalleyforia &amp; @MartinOMalley with trail the on day another Just me" and you for made was land "This @JosephOHern: RT htt… @MartinOMalley yrs." 100 in county this to come to opportunity creation job greatest the is " @omalleyforia: RT … Hampton in @MartinOMalley on Murphy Peter - years 5 for country the in schools rated #1 the have to MD led He @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley. for students College Simpson @ksosanie: RT http:… O! standing a @MartinOMalley give to evening this feet their on are Democrats County Henry @omalleyforia: RT … ET 11a and 9a at in -tune of edition special a on all are @MartinOMalley and @RealBenCarson .@NancyPelosi @CNNSotu: RT http://t.… @CNNSotu on him catch - morning Sunday beautiful this DSM from visit Pope's the about talks .@MartinOMalley @betsy_klein: RT more! and @MartinOMalley @NancyPelosi @RealBenCarson -- noon at @CNNSotu on up Coming @jaketapper: RT penalty.… death the of abolition global the for call @Pontifex's embraces @MartinOMalley Union, the of State CNN's on Appearing @CNNSotu: RT song: a you write me Let … Festival. Latino the through way his makes he as voters with talking and walking .@MartinOMalley @983TheTorch: RT @SimpsonCollege from supporters his meets .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT … solutions change climate on focus to @NextGenClimate for card pledge a signs .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT country. our across tables kitchen at discussed being are that issues the about talk to need We us: join and campaign, our about more Learn Iowa. in counties 40 visited now I’ve economy. gig the in lives workers’ improve to technology use can We Watch: question? The trecho. mucho hay hecho al dicho Del answer: My -O'M chance. that have don’t future the shape can past our of knowledge the how &amp; history of love my discovered I school In campaigning. been we’ve way the campaigns who one is night caucus on emerges that candidate the that believe I enforcement: law federal and state from reporting of kind this require universally would I step. good A Americans. as are we who demeans it &amp; safer us make doesn’t It work. doesn’t It wrong. is @CarlyFiorina—torture Hey interrogators… actual Or IC. the Or Petraeus. David Or @SenJohnMcCain. from it Take . you that show to and today me Join year. each millions for care medical necessary provides .@PPFA you? be it Will someone. for song a sing to guitar my tuning I’m doctor. her and woman a between those like making, at good no is government that decisions some are There questions. tough answering now, by candidates the from directly hear to able been have should Voters ed: .@pbpost millions. for care health endangers that attack this continue Republicans let cannot We . I everyday, and Today, Why? ago. year a over Pipeline Keystone the against out came I . pass should Congress . need we agree, I @RepGutierrez. you, Thank governor: the from song personalized a for running the in be to midnight by enter must You win! to chance Last plan: full my Read @TomSteyer. Thanks, http://… @MSNBC! on 5pET at @chucktodd join @charlescwcooke and @hmcghee @ckubeNBC @MartinOMalley : to minutes 30 @meetthepress: RT Daily. MTP show new @ChuckTodd’s on Governor the ET—watch 5:30pm at LIVE @chucktodd. with talk Governor the watch and @MSNBC to NOW in Tune Dream: American the Rebuild to plan Governor’s the support to midnight before Commit yet? us joined you Have support. your appreciate Really you! Thank @flamingtashhh . for ready are you if me Join done. things got I where experience executive of years 15 had I’ve back. @realDonaldTrump send rather you’d if RT you! thank @mihiruthere midnight? before contribute and call his answer you Will email. an out sent just Governor The you! thank @NickKellySays you! thank @ibrandonlee you! thank @SteveYelich —&gt; more Read reform. finance campaign on words, just not actions, for time It’s together: finance, campaign fix can we how on op-ed @Medium my Read -O'M Birthday. Happy Carter. President service, community to dedication your admire I ET, 9pm TRMS, for tonight here live @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @maddow: RT decision. United Citizens disastrous Court’s Supreme the overturn to amendment constitutional a with starts plan My -O’M Oregon. in today much so lost who those with is heart My day. every nearly occurring from shootings mass stop will reforms gun real Only either. won't, prayers and Thoughts this. stop won't Tweets today! with out came you plan financing pro-public anti-corruption, great the for @MartinOMalley you Thank @ZephyrTeachout: RT C… fight elections, funded Small-$ today! corruption fight to plan super-strong great, out rolls @MartinOMalley Governor @ZephyrTeachout: RT in debates Democratic more for push campaigns, major the of supporters with coalition, 81-person An reform: gun on act to congress on calling July, from @BostonGlobe the in op-ed my Read http:… : our in weekend this team @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT -O'M prayers. and thoughts our in are You families. their and Afghanistan in members service fallen the to out goes heart My to fighting are who all and @ncnaacp with stand I safety. public NC's erodes and misguided is 318 -O’M now. safety gun on act must We tragedies. preventable are These lost. lives innocent is “stuff” That happens”? “stuff .@JebBush PM! 9 at 13 Oct on @cnn into tune to sure Make preppin'. debate @MartinOMalley PHOTO: @Lis_Smith: RT http://t.… done things getting of record @MartinOMalley's about Nashua in voters with talking time some Spending @MattSheaff: RT http://t… about it's knows She @MartinOMalley! for shift canvass first her doing @lksTRIPLETHREAT @BobbyBauch: RT campaign! grassroots his about more learn and @MartinOMalley meet to up signing People @AVusk: RT act: we time elections—it's over taken have interests special big-money America, in Today interests. special of business the now is government our of business The company. Baltimore Great @JosABank. wear I right damn You're … there! you See Dinner. Fall Dems County Strafford the headlining today State Granite the in back is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT again! the in engaged mom this got @MartinOMalley how Read @omalleyforia: RT @MartinOMalley to listening event fall @SCDCNHDems the At @ChairmanBuckley: RT SC… to @MartinOMalley - people." our of all is it And people. is It money. not is economy our that remember to need "We @FollowSamTaylor: RT 2025. by half accidents—in and suicides, violence—homicides, gun from deaths Cut Goal: Social Fall @SCDCNHDems at reform gun for call urgent @MartinOMalley's for tonight applause Huge @elraymer: RT violence. gun by apart torn are families fewer ensure will it But death. gun senseless every stop not will plan My reforms: safety gun meaningful back to @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders on calling I'm for. fight all should we something is reform gun race—meaningful this in support you who matter doesn't It Event at Plan Control Gun Out Lays .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … issue.” address to provisions” “commonsense his back to Sanders Clinton&amp; of supporters urged "O’Malley @omalleyfornh: RT … cycle: election this in dem a be to proud me makes @MartinOMalley by plan prevention violence gun Strong &amp; @KRogers91: RT home. at guns of storage responsible the require to action administrative use must We plan: full my Read licensing. fingerprint including purchases, gun for requirements comprehensive enact must We http:/… leaders Democratic Iowa key more 24 from endorsements out rolls @MartinOMalley BREAKING: @omalleyforia: RT … @ydc226 w/ us! having for you Thank clinic/care. health about @MartinOMalley to talking members .@culinary226 @GabiDomenzain: RT Nevadans. 125,000 supports it how and Fund Health Culinary the about learns .@MartinOMalley @Culinary226: RT … them. to matters healthcare why on workers with meet to Fund Health Culinary the at @MartinOMalley have to Great @ydc226: RT @News3LV tax Cadillac on @Culinary226 to @MartinOMalley says tax excise remove to you with am I @jgillanNews3LV: RT clap. hand union a with @MartinOMalley with meeting the finish We @Culinary226: RT system. registration firearm centralized comprehensive, a establish to law federal revise must We tonight members @SEIU1107 visiting @MartinOMalley @BShepherd1107: RT -@MartinOMalley few." a helps only wages low with top the at wealth "Concentrated @SEIU1107: RT … hour. an $15 to the raise to need the on members @SEIU with chats .@MartinOMalley @Jose_Aristimuno: RT @SEIU1107 at with .@MartinOMalley @NVAFLCIO: RT ! @MiFamiliaVotaNV with @MartinOMalley @SEIU1107: RT 2020. by percent 25 by overdoses drug from deaths Reduce 11: Goal plan. reform gun Governor's the of points four discuss @maddow Watch plan: safety gun My safe. us keep and job its do to needs it authority and funding the have must .@ATFHQ today story Campaign our in iPad his reading and planking @MartinOMalley that's Yes @PeterHamby: RT abuse. substance for treatment of need in people inappropriate—for cases most in inadequate—and an is Incarceration http:/… @MartinOMalley's about City Charles in people tell to dialing is Tateana @omalleyforia: RT for plan consistent and out thought well most the has @MartinOMalley that me to Seems @RayRayBowman: RT insufficient. is programs treatment for funding and underutilized are strategies treatment and prevention Proven dignity. with retire can Americans so security, social expand to plan my released I August, in Back http://t… Policy Latino Talk to @MartinOMalley Candidate Pres. Democratic (@NHLAgenda), Agenda Leadership Hispanic National @EditorMikeO: RT suit. a wearing is robber that if different no It’s again. bank a rob he’ll wrist, the on robber bank a slap you If … C-SPAN3 on LIVE – ) (@chci Caucus Hispanic Congressional at speaks .@MartinOMalley @cspan: RT … Caucaus Congressional Hispanic addresses OMalley Martin candidate Presidential : on LIVE @pitaJ: RT http… respect. &amp; w/dignity immigrants of nation a as values our &amp; at on speech great .@MartinOMalley, @NoelCandelaria: RT @MartinOMalley! candidate, Presidential 2016 meet to pleasure a What @aida_cuahutli: RT htt… going is consensus public where see to wind the in finger his sticking by lead doesn't .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT always. worker, American the for up standing debate—it's of eve the on position your changing isn't Leadership . an definitely is Flacco Joe But up. coming debate big - meet to time No .@PFTCommenter crisis. humanitarian Syrian the regarding @POTUS to letter My ICYMI: winner! contest our for song original an record I before up Tuning government. federal the of goals important most the of one gap pay gender the closing make would I President, As further: go I'd step. first good a is plan @SenateDems . to act must We service: through nation our serve to American young every for possible it make Let’s … welcome! are All workers. Iowa with roundtable a for hall UAW Newton the at be will @MartinOMalley 3PM: at TOMORROW @omalleyforia: RT -O’M agree. I rebuild: them help can you how Here's flooding. with struggling still are Carolina South in neighbors Our @allinwithchris. on 8:30ET at tonight live Governor the Watch succeeds. country our succeed, Latinos When yesterday. me with meeting for @nhlagenda you thank Gracias, @allinwithchris. to in Tune now! on is Governor The either. country our in prisons private allow not would I Maryland. in prisons private allow not did I gobernador. del visión la comparte y amigos tus con reunión una Organiza debate. el durante apoyo tu Necesitamos policy: trade our on view My deals. trade bad into backward stumbling stop to America for time It’s htt… @taylorvdk42 @MartinOMalley endorsing officially is Krol De Van Taylor Iowa, in chair county youngest The @SamanthaJoRoth: RT -O'M now. act must We madness. is This year. this 46th night—the last shooting school Another Security. cutting--Social expanding--not be should We it”. over “get shouldn’t People @JohnKasich. No, http:/… @AlexRosenCNN by Video | @moody by Story @MartinOMalley with loathing and Fear @CNNPolitics: RT op-ed: My people. American the benefit should it deal, trade a signs America if all, Above Newton. in hall UAW at trade on roundtable a joins .@MartinOMalley @SamanthaJoRoth: RT LIVE Watch Newton. in roundtable a at TPP and trade about Talking Watch: -O'M chapter. next your on luck Good me! having for @espuelasvox you Thank desert: Nevada the through convertible red bright a in @moody with ride a take me Watch stage the takes @MartinOMalley as dinner fall @polkdems the at applause Big @omalleyforia: RT @BlueNationReview via safety: gun on stand I where out Check -O'M debate. for up not is It Holocaust. the for victims the blame to appalling and inaccurate is It Stop. .@RealBenCarson: Democratic first the before days @MartinOMalley with exclusive A Sunday: This @CNNSotu: RT … live: watch @CNNSOTU, on election 2016 talks @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential NEXT: UP @CNNgo: RT @CNNSotu. on Governor the watch to now in Tune actions" the about it's words, the about not "It's Clinton: from different is he how on .@MartinOMalley @CNNSotu: RT are. they who just be can everyone where place a America make to strive &amp; made we’ve progress the celebrate let's This @MartinOMalley Convention, the addressing for you Thank @NoLabelsOrg: RT Friday! last Dinner Fall @polkdems the at O standing a got @MartinOMalley ICYMI: @omalleyforia: RT support! your for you himself—thank Governor the from received winner lucky our video the Here's Kathryn! Congrats govern. we how in center and front results measurable and approaches bold ideas, new put will I President, As economy. energy clean a to transition our realize help to Corps Jobs Energy Clean new a create would I Debate: Party Democratic first the watching be will you if know us Let day! big the is Today seriously. debt student takes that party a to belong to proud We’re @CollegeDems: RT store: our launched we chance—today, your Now's hoodie? O'Malley an wanted Always him! with you're know Governor the Let tonight? the to in Tuning Governor: the watching be you’ll if up Sign . for Ready arrived! Just watching! be you'll if RT . at walk-through our Doing set. is stage The watching: be you’ll know us Let ✔ debate: for Ready ✔ session: Jam ✔ workout: Pre-debate ✔ tie: @JosABank New warmup. pre-debate little A updates! live for @MartinOMalley here us follow and on live Watch now! starts .@CNN lives.” better and healthier kids our give to do wouldn’t we nothing is “There people. is economy our money, not is economy Our everyone. for again up go wages make to action need We @MartinOMalley – together." this in all are We it. of make we what is future "The @voxdotcom: RT policy.” of front in polls puts who candidate of kind the like looking is @HillaryClinton late, “of said @voxdotcom ? On city. major any of reduction steepest 3rd Baltimore—the in 41% by crime violent down drove O’Malley, police. its police to Baltimore led and boards review civilian staffed &amp; supported O’Malley FACT: : at stage on about speaking is Governor the family Aurora the about more Read act. must We year. each lives their lose more Thousands violence. gun to Jessica daughter their lost Phillips Sandy and Lonnie safety. gun on words, not actions, for time it's know They violence. gun to daughter their lost They hunters. lifelong are Lonnie and Sandy years. 25 in seen had Maryland legislation gun comprehensive most the signed O’Malley 2013, In “menace." a him called they year, This it. fought @NRA the while leg. gun comprehensive signed O’Malley 2013, In … legislation" safety gun comprehensive pass and up stand to time "It’s .@MartinOMalley: @TIME: RT overseas. decisions better make to us allow would that intelligence human a in invest to country a as failed have We country. this in relations race address and system justice criminal our reform to do to work of lot a have we and , law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As Glass-Steagall. reinstate to need We plan: O’Malley's crash. Street Wall another prevent to past our of mistakes the correct to responsibility a have We yourself. for See plan? Street Wall @HillaryClinton’s about say people did What Street. Wall on recklessness the from economy Street Main the protect will who someone need country our of people The immigrants. American New of arrival the by stronger made is country our that understand to need We families. American New of millions for relief immediate secure to presidency the of power full the use will I Maryland. in Act DREAM the passed O’Malley 2011, In 2012: in referendum ballot a in Act DREAM Maryland’s defending in pivotal” was “role O’Malley’s big. damn too are they manage, to big too and jail to big too fail, to big too are banks If accomplishments: &amp; life his on timeline our out Check O’Malley? Governor about more know to Want 2050. by grid electric powered energy renewable 100% a on run to, needs and can, America jobs new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our yrs, 35 W/in industries. wind and solar new grew and 41% by generation energy renewable increased Maryland leadership, O’Malley’s Under state. the in thousands for leave family expanding Act, Leave Parental Maryland the passed O’Malley marijuana. of amounts small of possession the decriminalized O’Malley Gov., As win. can we you, with &amp; progress, American new of era an of threshold the on standing are We now. campaign the Join . act. and up stand to time It’s Phillips. Sandy and Lonnie against rigged was game The better. do must We inequality. economic and racism of history cruel country’s our reinforced has system justice Our it. earned You you. to it give to happy were we And @MartinOMalley. - rating.” F an hold proudly “I @NRA: RT http://t… post: our in reactions Iowans him. of much know didn't who Iowan one said me" surprised really "@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT http://… kickoff" the just is "this race: in people" 2 than "more are there proving for valuable .@MartinOMalley: @ChrisCuomo: RT … @CNN guns. on disagreement" deep a have "We : the at @BernieSanders with sparring on .@MartinOMalley @NewDay: RT in! Tune @Morning_Joe. on be will Governor the morning, this up Coming in. Tune now! On violence' gun about talking stop not will 'I .@MartinOMalley: @Morning_Joe: RT @voxdotcom hatred” NRA's the earn to candidate Democratic other any than more done has O'Malley "Martin country our w/in goodness the to speak to need we &amp; place, compassionate generous, connected, more a to moving We’re timeline: Our taken. was picture this when out find and Governor, the about more Learn that. do can Glass-Steagall Only banking. commercial and speculative between firewall a build to need We one. are we many, of out that – unum pluribus e ideal: founding our to up live Let’s side. their on be will who someone need people American The today: t-shirt campaign own very your Get President. as fighting keep I’ll and Maryland, in it did I @NRA. the fight to afraid not am I it. with jobs clean new of millions bring help will 2050 by powered energy clean 100% to grid electric our Moving security. national on game big a talks who someone for position Odd denier. climate a is @MarcoRubio realize Didn’t stump. your Update Multiplier.” “Threat = Change Climate RE: Military. FR: @MarcoRubio. TO: plan: My long. too far for inaction legislative of fear and uncertainty the endured have Americans New bullying. against stand a take Let’s youth. LGBT our for support show to today purple Going now: Watch . the during about spoke Governor the topics important the of recap Quick (1/2) flawed. is formula cost-of-living Security's Social @ConMonitorNews: the with agree I (2/2) poverty: not dignity, in retire can seniors our so Security, Social expand to plan my is Here prosperity. to way their cut have country great No @MartinOMalley @MarcNo: RT it. cut not security social expand to call his reiterates strongly .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … @MartinOMalley cities." our of engines economic our of hearts the rebuild to need a is "There @NAHREP: RT Manchester in Summit Housing NH addresses .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT him. to means Bipartisanship what discusses .@MartinOMalley @carolynrcooper: RT economy. the and taxpayers hurts It govt. the shutdown to irresponsible fiscally It's .@MartinOMalley: @ConcordC: RT wage minimum the raised @MartinOMalley Fact: @omalleyfornh: RT college. to go to debt of mountains with children our saddles that country only the are We … plan his read benefits security social expanding for calls strongly @MartinOMalley NHTI At @omalleyfornh: RT week. our of highlights the of one was This @Everytown: RT principles. four these to commit should candidate Every Street. Wall in rein must We … ! @MartinOMalley with Hall Town an awaiting eagerly Dartmouth at Crowd @FollowSamTaylor: RT change. climate &amp; companies oil for same the do Let’s cancer. about lying for responsible companies tobacco held We drilling. Arctic to end an for calls plan climate My news. Great … @omalleyfornh Laconia! in Coffee Wayfarer at sharing @MartinOMalley upbeat An @FollowSamTaylor: RT … $ to MD across wage minimum the raised @MartinOMalley 2014 in Fact: O'M @omalleyforia: RT … @bcdoheny h/t you? Are @MartinOMalley! for caucus to committed is Puppy) Valuable (Most MVP campaign Kaylee, @omalleyforia: RT … Region Lakes NH's barnstorms @MartinOMalley debate the in introduction national first his by Energized @Jay1043: RT energy. green and unemployment youth lower college, free debt talking @MartinOMalley @KristiStL: RT @omalleyfornh tour of stop last on Nashua up hits .@MartinOMalley @elraymer: RT members @MomsDemand local with in his touting .@MartinOMalley @shannonrwatts: RT everyone. for work should economy Our @MartinOMalley: with agree you if RT @TheDemocrats: RT @omalleyforia @MartinOMalley! for card commit another knocked door Another @JosephOHern: RT http://… great truly was statement closing O'Malley's how about talk let's but debate, the won who about arguing Everyone's @nowthisnews: RT http://t.… action! of weekend doors to debate @omalleyforia in @MartinOMalley for coming on keep cards commit The @JosephOHern: RT in! tune to sure Make tonight. @TheDailyShow on be will Governor The proposals: safety gun four these support to candidates presidential other the challenge I college. debt-free expansion, Security Social control, gun for plans touts O’Malley @ConMonitorNews: of page Front … in Tune Radio News Concord on Education on Conversation Presidential a in participates .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT it: do to how Here's Security. Social protect, just not expand, to need We … now! questions your us Tweet tomorrow. table the at co-hosts the joins @MartinOMalley hopeful presidential Dem. @TheView: RT Tonight. .@TheDailyShow. by. stops @MartinOMalley candidate presidential shredding Guitar Tonight! @TheDailyShow: RT well. so steel blue do both @iamjohnoliver—they &amp; @RedHourBen confuse to easy It's mix-up. the about Sorry today! table the at co-hosts the joins @MartinOMalley hopeful presidential Democratic @TheView: RT theirs. but job any do to forced be shouldn't police Local claims. false and stereotypes on based bill knee-jerk a is 2146 S @TheView. on live is Governor The now! in Tune table! Topics Hot the at down sits @MartinOMalley candidate presidential Democratic @TheView: ON NOW @TheView: RT now. @TheView on Turn out! is guitar The @TheView! on @taylorswift13's sang @MartinOMalley happened: just This @TheView: RT @TheView. on Swift Taylor covered just @MartinOMalley WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT justice. deserve families their &amp; Victims more. thousands of hundreds sickened &amp; Haitians 9,000 killed has Cholera Charleston in @MartinOMalley Governor join Come @vincentsheheen: RT relations. positive of champion &amp; leader Canadian next-generation a is who @JustinTrudeau, to Congrats voters.” Latino to promises his on delivering of record track proven a has “O'Malley @TheView. on time first the for song new a cover Governor the Watch … on Blood" "Bad @taylorswift13's covers @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential @bpolitics: RT bad got we now baby, 'Cause, loans. rate interest high with saddled already are who parents and students helps plan college free debt My -O’M best. the him wish &amp; decision his respect produced—I has nation our servants public compassionate decent, most the of one is .@JoeBiden grid. electric powered energy clean 100% a from away years 5 be could we now, from years 30 … on Blood” “Bad Swift’s Taylor cover O’Malley Martin candidate presidential Democratic Watch @RollingStone: RT -O'M leadership! your for Grateful deportations. unnecessary stop to fought who all and @davidcamposSF Congrats @TechCocktail us! Join DC. in tonight competition pitch tech civic a hosting I’m https:/… taken! be will @ with greet and meet &amp; concert a for us Join weekend? this JJ the to Coming @omalleyforia: RT shades. of pair same the have we like Looks Fair. State Iowa the at went I Sh… center. tech and policy @Microsoft the at @MartinOMalley with venture our pitch to about is @derwindubose Cofounder @newmajoritylabs: RT @Halcyon… luck! me Wish tech. civic around themed event campaign @MartinOMalley a at @newmajoritylabs pitch to heading I’m @derwindubose: RT @MicrosoftIPC! contest pitch tech civic our off kick to About problem-solving. civic in public the engage to tech using — @opendatanation from pitch First community.“ impact social news-driven first worlds “the @idealimpact, up: Next units. their with reconnect &amp; phone their from letters send to families &amp; military the of members allows .@sandboxx income. and production improve to info and knowledge tools, with farmers Providing @mosavali! from pitch Great https… . helping about more talking be should candidates All event. a doing is @MartinOMalley the Love @mob_advocacy: RT @MartinOMalley by hosted competition at @IdealImpact and @kamanda by pitch Great @JohnBalkam: RT tonight. contest pitch our of part — @mpowerfinancing out Check financing? student about Nerd-out challenges. own their to solutions build &amp; identify to color of communities empowering .@newmajoritylabs: news.” the about games “Making by! stopping for @newsuptweets Thanks stamps) food for process app. the streamlining now (right user-friendly more government making .@easyfoodstamps: O’Malley.” Gov in leader political digital real a have “We contest! pitch our by stopped @ericswalwell guest Special problems. big very some to solutions Great event. @MartinOMalley's at Great @mob_advocacy: RT @martinomalley Watching : on LIVE @digiphile: RT … candidate coolest the far by - @MartinOMalley with pitches startup to listening @Microsoft Here @afbarry: RT @RepSw… Via technology' gets who someone needs generation Our the in native 'Digital only the is .@MartinOMalley @tylergray: RT @MartinOMalley strength" our is diversity "Our @afbarry: RT speech! his giving @MartinOMalley @SustainCreative: RT https:… @MicrosoftIPC &amp; of potential the on @MartinOMalley candidate presidential pitch to Thankful @OpenDataNation: RT … potential. and ideas, big youth, of power the on his at @MartinOMalley by speech Incredible @kushaanshah: RT … TICKETS: FOR HERE CLICK Saturday! this Dinner JJ the at @MartinOMalley JOIN @omalleyforia: RT today: ticket your Get dinner? JJ Iowa weekend’s this at Governor the join to Want @omalleyforIA You? weekend. this dinner JJ the for ready we're Yeah, violenc… gun reducing on @MartinOMalley w/ discussion roundtable a for waiting now Charleston North in Church Moriah Mt. At @ElizLanders: RT https… Charleston. North in Church Baptist Moriah Mt. at campaigning @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential NOW: HAPPENING @ashblackstone: RT effort! state Carolina South my co-chairing for and endorsement your for Brown Boyd &amp; @vincentsheheen you, Thank plan: My purchases. ammunition &amp; gun for safeguards commonsense implement Let’s merecen. se que trato el reciban Rico Puerto que asegurar para adelante hacia paso este por @POTUS a Aplaudo equitably. treated are Rico Puerto in citizens fellow our ensure to forward step a taking for @POTUS applaud I ballroom! Stern in stage the takes @MartinOMalley until minutes 30 @emilycdeal: RT minutes! few a just in @CofCBullyPulpit live speak Governor the Watch https://… free. debt education higher making about @CofC the at speaking @MartinOMalley candidate Presidential NOW: RIGHT @ashblackstone: RT @CofC it.” buy don’t i politics, of out checked is generation next the say people "when .@MartinOMalley: @haleymorris: RT of! part a be to awesome So CofC! at Hall Town his at song into breaks @MartinOMalley @hollingsjd: RT @omalleyfornh Staters. Granite from today endorsements 21 announce to Proud internet. el en municiones y armas de compras las sobre regulaciones implementar de hora es Ya ! at live speaks O’Malley Governor NOW: Watch … home." at lived daughters my since women strong many this around been haven't "I .@MartinOMalley @KatieNiekamp: RT @DNCWomen to speaks @MartinOMalley C-SPAN2: on now LIVE @cspan: RT https:… gap wage the closing by Dream American the rebuild to President for running is he says .@MartinOMalley @JessicaMCoggins: RT it love I and on specific getting is .@MartinOMalley @KatieNiekamp: RT … @DNCWomen @MartinOMalley - career. and kids their between choose to have shouldn't they families have to want women If @KCFarrar: RT #… come has that opportunity business greatest the is energy renewable &amp; change climate @TheDemocrats: @MartinOMalley @Fedbindi: RT reform immigration comprehensive passing about talk to today person first the becomes .@MartinOMalley @JessicaMCoggins: RT healthy. and safe stay they May down. bears as prayers our in in neighbors our keep us Let fuertes. y seguros permanezcan Que . para preparan se mientras en vecinos nuestros por todos Oremos so… get to sides both on candidate other every pushing is man This O'Malley. Governor from invitation by today Iowa to Off @MamaRedfield: RT htt… Citie Sanctuary on O'Malley Martin Praises Campos David immigration: on leadership your for @MartinOMalley you Thank @DavidCamposSF: RT mine. in does It everywhere. parents of hearts the in fear puts surely country our in school another at shooting another of news the Hearing together. this, fix Let's act. must we know all We @brianschweitzer - Party.” our of future the represents best that candidate the is he believe I because President for Martin endorsing “I’m @brianschweitzer - 2016.” November in Republicans on take to candidate best the is [O’Malley] believe “I … now community the address @MartinOMalley Gov. Watch Dearborn? in us with be Can't @AAIUSA: RT @MartinOMalley candidate 2016 from hear to @UM_Dearborn here room Full @AAIUSA: RT @AA… compassion." defeat fear let cannot we safe, country our keep to can we everything do must we "While .@MartinOMalley: @karenwgirgis: RT … @AAIUSA's at campaigns, the in prejudice anti-Arab &amp; against vigorously speaking for @MartinOMalley to Kudos @OmarBaddar: RT @MartinOMalley - be" shouldn't kids little Saving complicated. is this "Solving @AAIUSA: RT @Mar… brothers" &amp; sisters were All them. of front in everything w/ young were Some . 8 and 50 lost "We've @AAIUSA: RT Israel about Dearborn in Arab-Americans to now speaking @martinomalley Gov. : on LIVE @nwarikoo: RT https://t… @MartinOMalley candidate presidential w/ hope &amp; courage, hardship, of stories share Watching @iMayaBerry: RT Auditorium Vets around up popping signs .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT Moines Des JJ, Last The O'Malley, Team @SeanMcEnerney: RT . the for Ready rally Osage his at @MartinOMalley from concert Mini @meganspecia: RT … of ahead talking morning, this @MartinOMalley with Osage in crowd Great @ksosanie: RT tonight. for prep in tune-up little A Osage! in out guitars The @omalleyforia: RT … tonight?: democrat's at Sanders and Clinton from out stand to plan @MartinOMalley does How @mashpolitics: RT fray war sign the joins team @MartinOMalley The @IAStartingLine: RT Moines Des in Dinner JJ tonight's for signs their readies team .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT @MartinOMalley work! at hard OMalley Will @clairequestion: RT ! the for ready getting @omalleyforia Team dinner ) gear: store O’Malley some in (And force! full in out .@omalleyforia way!!!!! the all @MartinOMalley I-O-W-A @afreedman23: RT Pre-show @MartinOMalley the at stage the takes Ruth Ruthless @omalleyforia: RT performance rally his before proud and loud supporters .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT https:… lyrics for @TheDailyShow @Trevornoah Cc serenade off kicks @MartinOMalley up: warm to Cash Johnny little a Invoking @haleymorris: RT https… trail. campaign his and Iowa to it caters and Everywhere" Been "I've singing now .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT rally JJ Iowa : on LIVE @omalleyforia: RT Pumped. Do. We Strive. We Believe. We @omalleyforia: RT WATCH: Iowa; in Cash Johnny ‘covers’ O’Malley @thehill: RT ! the to O'Malley Marching ET: 9pm at live Watch @MartinOMalley with dinner have and inside get to line in Waiting @Keniaacc: RT https… ! Governor's the At Dinner. Jackson Jefferson the at arrival @MartinOMalley for Waiting @MamaRedfield: RT … us." with "he's chanting "thundersticks," with outfitted is crowd @MartinOMalley The @desmoinesdem: RT . at introduced being before Backstage … . cena la durante @MartinOMalley con estará @Keniaacc, comunitaria, líder y DREAMer @Latinos4OMalley: RT @MartinOMalley with dining from away Minutes @Keniaacc: RT https://t… you@MartinOMalley Thank table this at seat a earned &amp; fought have DREAMers opportunity, this for honored &amp; Thankful @Keniaacc: RT program the in breaks during up energy the keeping crowd .@MartinOMalley @IAStartingLine: RT Iowa. in Dinner Jackson Jefferson 2015 the at speaks O’Malley Governor LIVE: WATCH ! at stage the takes O’Malley Iowans. tells O'Malley election," presidential every country our for do you what for all you thank "I @LissandraVilla: RT country. a as place generous more and compassionate, more connected, more a to moving are We values. progressive our about fearless be must We http… row a in years five #1 schools MD making education in invested @MartinOMalley recession the During : @omalleyforia: RT at @MartinOMalley - 2008." of crash Street Wall the since way long a come has country "Our @iowademocrats: RT … acciones. con y líderes nuevos con resolver debemos La misma. sí por resuelve se no injusticia La .@MartinOMalley: @Latinos4OMalley: RT here: goals 15 O’Malley’s about more Read her. like Americans of millions and herself for rights citizenship for advocate fearless a DREAMer—is Iowa @Keniaacc—an . … @realDonaldTrump barker carnival immigrant-bashing, that To @NRA cc enough. is Enough weapons. assault combat of sale the ban must we checks; background universal require must we lives save To fight—&gt; the Join tonight's at vision and performance his for @MartinOMalley friend my of Proud @ericswalwell: RT now. reform immigration comprehensive pass let’s Then down? not and up go to wages want we Do : Dinner Jackson Jefferson Iowa the at speech full O’Malley’s Governor WATCH: Governor! the see to ET 8:30 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune @MartinOMalley up Coming @Morning_Joe: RT not' do leaders directions, switches vane 'Weather .@MartinOMalley: @Morning_Joe: RT share: and here, out it Check today? @Morning_Joe on Governor the Miss http… operations GOP the of any over fight straight-up a in team IA @MartinOMalley the take We'd @IAStartingLine: RT @NRA. the to "NO" say and up stand and Democrats as backbone our find we time high It's https://t.… change. for consensus new a forge can we together and now me join @HillaryClinton now. me join .@BernieSanders @omalleyforia: RT change. a for time It’s : the before Governor the with backstage Go start. the from them opposed clearly I've why that's country—and our for bad are like Projects Tonight! in! tune to sure Make @allinwithchris. on be will Governor the tonight Later @allinwithchris. on Turn now! on is Governor The it. on depends class middle American the of future The Street. Wall of interests the before interests national the put to time It’s … —&gt; @realDonaldTrump de racistas insultos los de los a defiende .@MartinOMalley @Latinos4OMalley: RT video to reacts .@MartinOMalley @allinwithchris: RT daughter. my to that did somebody if ballistic be would I father, a as and parent a As -Dad moves. dance Nice Twitter! to Welcome .@WOM_alley: canvass! weekend our from Scenes @omalleyfornh: RT @MartinOMalley for today 7 Ward in doors the crushing .@JordanMeehan @omalleyfornh: RT Street. Main represent will I Street. Wall represent not will I lives. redeem a save to system justice criminal our Reform 9: Goal not. do leaders Effective change. winds the time every position its shifts vane weather A no. líder verdadero Un viento. del dirección la según posición su cambia veleta Una -O'M ! note high a on Leaving all. us inspired you proud, us made You long. so for @ussoccer_wnt repping for @AbbyWambach Thanks @ma… by diversity our is nation our of strengths economic great the of One .@MartinOMalley: @IQLatino: RT work: They restrictions. age and periods, waiting licensing, gun mandatory like measures sense common pass Let’s … endorsements! Iowa new 24 announces .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT plan: full my Read loopholes. dangerous close and universal checks background make Let’s Pres. as same the do would &amp; MD in it repealed I deterrent. ineffective an &amp; biased racially is penalty death The values. our with odds at fundamentally is it because Maryland in penalty death the abolished I violence: gun discuss to Boulder in family Phillips the by joined is O’Malley Governor LIVE: Watch Phillips Lonnie and Sandy - country.” this for do to trying he’s what and O’Malley Governor with stand “We Boulder CU at .@MartinOMalley @coloradodems: RT Maryland.” of state the to laws gun sense common apply can he proven has he because O’Malley Governor with stand "We words.” not actions, about is He country. our for sense common sense gun makes "O’Malley backbon… the with Republican a is which being, rare a of search in I'm Colorado of mountains beautiful these In O'Malley: @adriandgarcia: RT @NRA. the on take to backbone the with candidate @GOP a is that and being, elusive very a of search in am I … @MartinOMalley! like faces, familiar some see to nice It's Colorado. Boulder, in the outside We're @MomsDemand: RT … It.” For Hard Pushed Who @MartinOMalley For Achievement “Major A Was Penalty Death "Repealing FLASHBACK: @omalleyfornh: RT support. your for you thank And . for fighting day every and today courage your for @MamaRedfield Thanks Colorado: of University the at Rally at live Governor The WATCH: reform. immigration compr. passing by economy shadow off-the-books, the of out neighbors our of 11M Bring economy? our strengthen we do How debates? between contrast about talk to wants .@tedcruz security. social expand &amp; them to promise our keep Let's seniors. demonizing stop to need we @GovMikeHuckabee: with agree I'd thought Never break! commercial this after @msnbc @maddow with on Governor the Catch @NRA. the to up stand to courage the has candidate @GOP one Not involved. be absolutely should government federal the And wage. living a about It's @CarlyFiorina. wages, minimum about not It's actuar. de debería federal gobierno el Y justo. salario un de trata Se @carlyfiorina. mínimo, salario del trata se No yesterday. Colorado in with was Governor the family the about more Read laws safety gun pass to NRA the beat to how on @maddow with talks .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT deserves. work hard their compensation equal and full the get must daughters choice—our a is Progress today! campaign the to kittens @BARCS_SHELTER adorable most these bringing for @Uber_Maryland Thx maravilloso. d nada tiene no Americanos Nuevos d aísle nos que muro un Construir maravilla. una es China Muralla Gran la .@realDonaldTrump, legislation. safety gun passing on battles” the through been “You’ve night: last Governor the to .@maddow overdue. long is This night. last leave family paid about talking Republicans the hear didn’t You system. justice criminal our in inequalities the combat to plan a forward put night last Republican single a Not principles. four these to commit should candidate Every Street. Wall in rein must We … College Morningside at students of classroom full a and @MartinOMalley with Donuts and Coffee @ksosanie: RT work. that programs reentry and job-training in invest will I years. 3 w/in return jail/prison from released people of 60% to Up pipeline. school-to-prison the end and records, felony with people to rights voting restore box, the ban Let's bill rights trans Maryland signs @MartinOMalley ARCHIVES: THE @omalleyforia: RT members. family surviving to cruel and expensive is process appeals the &amp; deterrent ineffective and biased racially a is penalty death The penalty. death the oppose I why about 2007 from op-ed My law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As @IowaSOS: via students school high Iowa for video 101 Caucus our out Check https://… politics and coffee for morning Saturday fall great @MartinOMalley hear to Junction Valley in house Packed @JakeOeth: RT DSM. West in house coffee packed a to talking .@MartinOMalley @ericlitmer: RT Iowa. about singing and guitar playing @MartinOMalley @scanthony14: RT me. than harder worked he sure pretty I'm Moines. Des West in morning this out working @MartinOMalley @rdoconnor: RT … 9 at @MartinOMalley with down sits @TimSeamanABC9 . with morning your Start Sunday! Happy @kcautv: RT jobs. new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our years, 35 Within one. like it treat Let’s crisis. health public a is Addiction poverty. not dignity, in retire can seniors our so Security “enhance”—Social or cut expand—not to need We politics. chose stronger—@SpeakerRyan the make to shadows the of out neighbors million 11 bring lead—to to opportunity an with Faced affordable. more college make to actions took We @POTUS: you, Thank Maryland. in it do to proud was I and plan, justice criminal my of part big a is box the Banning prize! top the winning for Kildee Dolly Chair O’Malley for County Montgomery our of granddaughter the to Congrats lives: redeem and save to plan justice criminal my Read take. would I steps many of one just is economy. energy clean a to transition our realize help to Corps Jobs Energy Clean new a create would I beneficiaries. all for Security Social expansion the for call &amp; values our for up stand to time is it Democrats, As hand-in-hand. go students our of experience educational the and service national make Let’s Dream. American the Rebuild to goals 15 my ideas—read bold and solutions new needs country Our @AARP Security. enhancing—Social just or cutting expanding—not for to Proud A… New keep to plan a propose to candidate ONLY is and on record best the has he because @MartinOMalley support I @Keniaacc: RT … accounts! media social our of all on us follow coverage, student full For . at is @MartinOMalley Today: @UNHStudents: RT campaign. my endorsed have who leaders Democratic 100 over and teams leadership state 21 announce to Proud UNH at hall town words not actions an off kicking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT … economy the of @MartinOMalley Says injustice." growing A country. this in inequality economic growing a is "There @UNHStudents: RT change."@MartinOMalle… climate is challenge that and time our of challenge the on take and shoulders our square must "We @merrick_gordon: RT vote. youth the about talks he as O'Malley Says America." compassionate more a towards moving are "We @UNHStudents: RT Americans. all protects . vote and discrimination against unite to Houstonians for hours more 6 vote! go And here. vote to when and where about know to need you everything out Find @NRA the of interests the of ahead safety children's our put Let’s -O'M Terps! Go @VernonDavis85. missing be we'll bad Too more. talk to love would I Monday. next SF to heading am I .@TorreySmithWR ! to everyone remind to want we today, doors the hits @MartinOMalley team As @omalleyforia: RT / @thenation for latest My platform. pro-immigrant explicit stunningly his and O'Malley @juliannehing: RT Manchester in 1 Ward at mayor for @JoyceCraig2015 supporting out is .@martinomalley @omalleyfornh: RT communities. our protect to actions executive 7 these take would I President, As . about It’s … Keene in reform safety gun on focused hall town our for out turn Great @omalleyfornh: RT … event great a after Society Historical Keene the @ together back room the put helps .@MartinOMalley @Jay1043: RT Primary. Hampshire New the for file to candidate Presidential first the become Governor the WATCH … says. he Democrat," first the be to wanted "I file. to candidate major first the is O'Malley @TheBradMielke: RT . the in run to up signs officially @MartinOMalley VIDEO: @MarcNECN: RT that. fix Let’s responsible. held be won’t dealer the check—and background a w/out ammunition of rounds 4,000 buy can gunman a Today, life: in on early did I what about more learn but experience, executive of years 15 my about heard have may You -O’M story. and strength your from learn all can We @SarahRudolp. AL, in campaign our for delegate a be to committing for Thanks Watch: 2008. in thing same the did she But guns. on excuses making for @JebBush after go to wants .@HillaryClinton @PitzerCollege. to went we time the of me reminds this of all Funny, @omalleyforia .@omalleyfornh Watch: @JebBush? or @HillaryClinton best? it said laws—who gun in involved be shouldn’t government federal The https://t… @MartinOMalley cc:@thecabbige checked. Box, candidate. presidential a to before never pitching, of lot a done I've @JOMJessie: RT contest! pitch tech civic Boston our at crowd Great @MartinOMalley laws gun common-sense for Time O'Malley: @hardball: RT start: I'd how Here's years. 10 within half in violence gun by deaths reduce to commit must We polls. follow not in, believe we policies for fight will who leader a need We gases. greenhouse limit to action aggressive take to EPA the direct would I President, As -O’M same. the do to General Attorneys state other urge I . investigating for @AGSchneiderman applaud I with the rocked @MartinOMalley when to @omalleyforia: RT marcha. su en a Apoyo justice. for now act must @HHSGov help. our need in citizens fellow Our 🎶 out! is guitar The pub! Irish an at sing @MartinOMalley to Listening @HallieGolden4: RT week: next debate the before one Get yet? magnet car or sticker bumper a grab you Did (1/2) fuels. fossil on reliance our extend and change climate exacerbate will it know we because opposed long I've (2/2) jobs. energy clean new created &amp; gas greenhouse cut it: did we MD, In change. climate on lead must dream—we pipe a isn't energy Clean next: what's out find to plan my of rest the Read done. these getting for @POTUS to Thanks Party Democratic the of future the be could O'Malley Martin Why @RollingStone: RT https://… campaña la de ambiciosas más indocumentados a amparo de promesas las hace .@martinomalley @UniNoticias: RT op-ed: @cnn my Read good.” for penalty death the abolish nation, a as we, that time is "It @MartinOMalley by go to needs penalty death the Why @CNNOpinion: RT ET. 8pm at starting TONIGHT Forum Presidential Democratic @MSNBC’s &amp; @maddow miss Don’t here: LIVE Watch 5! in Starts side.” their on are Dems that know &amp; tables kitchen their around to listen can people that ideas the advance to need "We place" generous and connected more a towards moving are @MartinOMalley"We @crystalthomison: RT start the from it opposed clearly I why that’s country—and our for bad are like Projects for calling I'm why That's imperative. security national &amp; moral a is change climate Addressing @omalleyfornh: RT … change. climate on action take to need We stones. of out ran we because Age, Stone the of out move didn't we @MartinOMalley @youngdems: RT here: all them Read listing? is Governor the accomplishments the with up keep Can’t either. country our in prisons private allow not would I Maryland. in prisons private allow not did I now: for campaign our Join this? of part a be to Want @MartinO… that’s and reform safety gun sense common passed and NRA the to up stood actually has candidate Dem one only Fact: @MattSheaff: RT symbolism.” “pure buyers—“tokenism,” gun on checks background requiring bill Bill—a Brady the called .@BernieSanders @bpolitics crisis” financial for hook the off banks big lets “@HillaryClinton abolishing.” favor “not does @HillaryClinton Maryland. in it abolished and penalty, death the opposes firmly O’Malley Governor FACT: people. all of dignity the promote &amp; safety public ensure to neighbors w/ work officers when best its at is enforcement Law @maddow show. Maddow MSNBC's on candidate strongest the like seems @MartinOMalley @GordonRHanson: RT O’Malley: Governor with stand you show to $3 Give done. things getting &amp; about campaign a to in Pitch YahooPolitics via more: here's intrigued, were and tonight @MartinOMalley watched you If @mattbai: RT : of record his about talked he when out Check ? at @MartinOMalley Miss @haleymorris: RT @maddow you. about more know to Good job. great @MartinOMalley @laurawilde100: RT like. I more the @MartinOMalley, of myself inform I More @princesskarly11: RT message. his like @MartinOMalley, to up warming really I'm @218Lov: RT proud. Marylander, a as me, Makes tonight. forum the in job nice a on @MartinOMalley to Congrats @NicholasJThomas: RT tonight." me impressed really "you @MartinOMalley: to students Winthrop @Lis_Smith: RT side. my by being always for Thanks . before hug Quick dignity. with retire to able be should American every labor, hard of life a After take: his @maddow gives @MartinOMalley South? the in win Democrats Can @MSNBC: RT Watch: jobs." more of opportunity the in change climate of challenge the wrap to need "We Watch: wrong. it’s and immoral, it’s think I appalling. is country our in prisons for-profit to move the think I (AP) Carolina: South in stride his hits .@MartinOMalley @MSNBC: RT answer: The O’Malley. Governor to @maddow - own?” you that clothing of item impractical most the is "What for." pay to willing not we’re wars to in people send shouldn’t "We questions: round lightning the for preps O'Malley Martin @MSNBC: RT citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National matters. Leadership … dinner Fame of Hall Democratic County Linn the at ovation standing a receives .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As @Re4mImmigration: with Forum Immigration Candidate Presidential the at live Governor The WATCH: Apply.” Need Irish No Wanted: “Help says desk–it my on 1890s the from sign a kept always I Governor, as and Mayor as service my During education. higher affordable to access have could Dreamers 36,000 that ensure to Act DREAM own our pursued we Maryland, In light the into and shadows the of out families American New bring to President as take would I actions the out lay to candidate only the I’m us. of all for better works that economy an and country our for best is what on based leadership principled leadership, new need We -O'M puede. se Si done. getting to commitment and passion your share I me. having for @re4mimmigration you Thank how: Here’s veterans. our with trust sacred its uphold must America it. overturn to fight and issue the on leadership take will I President, As unconstitutional. is penalty death The reform: ambitious embrace must VA security, nation’s our for sacrificed who those of trust the restore to begin To animals: of conservation on locations—focus all to expansion urge I @Seaworld. by step first important an is This plan: my Read veterans. our to services supportive &amp; care health world-class ensure must We progress: this continue must We 2010. since 33% by it reducing homelessness, veteran end to worked .@WhiteHouse 2020. by veterans our for employment full reach to goal a set have I (1/2) Trump. Donald front-runner, GOP the of that &amp; past the of policies failed in believes still Clinton Sec. that hear to Disappointed (2/2) society. our into fully more Americans New welcome to fight the leading be should Party Our walls. nor fences building be shouldn't We lejos. mas aún ire presidente quedarse—como para aquí están , Suprema. Corte La paso: Próximo are. they who to true being was transgression only whose veterans LGBT for justice long-overdue provide will I -O'M can! we wherever and however $15 to get Let's wage. minimum federal $15 a and the support I deportation. from Americans New of millions protecting to closer step one We're SCOTUS. to , appeal to right is .@whitehouse miedo. con vivir de dejar podrán millones Pronto, suprema. corte la en defendidos ser deben razón tiene .@lacasablanca -O'M today. trail the on me helping for thanks and then, back me helping for Thanks @WOM_alley. Birthday Happy … needs veterans to response government coordinate to 2011 In meeting VetStat first the created @MartinOMalley FACT: O'M @omalleyforia: RT DC. in &amp; Fed the @ door revolving the close will plan My itself. police can't Street Wall families: military support can we how Here’s too. up, sign families their military, the for up sign civilians When agree. don't candidates GOP surprise, No . to fight I'd Pres. as &amp; Maryland in wage minimum the raised I up. it look @TedCruz: Dear -O’M safe. country our keeps sacrifice and bravery commitment, Your you. veterans—thank our of all To served. have who all to Thanks together. me &amp; dad my of taken picture Last ago. years 10 Day Veterans unionize! to wants who worker every and @UFCW, , I know them letting today @IKEAUSA wrote I on. you cheering are We Jon. service, your for Thanks America. across walking Bastard” “Magnificent a called I Today Pacific. the to deploying before Nevada in training crew, B-24 his with father my of picture a is Here world. the around and States United the in celebrating are who all to Lights of Festival Happy comrades: his for country the across way his making @1MagBastard with conversation my about more Read heroes: our by right do must We unacceptable. is average—this national the 2x is vets post-9/11 among Unemployment are. they who to true being was transgression only whose veterans LGBT for justice long-overdue provide will I care. foster and adoption in discrimination end would I POTUS, As disgraceful. is family their from child a Tearing country. our for good is how us show can that family American New a w/ meal a sharing &amp; family Ramirez the meeting to forward Looking Smith: Evan with @overheardpbs on Governor the Watch … nation." a as are we who against cuts it wrong, "It's says. @MartinOMalley USA help" not does families up "Breaking @overheardpbs: RT in. Tune now! Happening year… 8 last in made progress on run to fail we if mistake "A says. @MartinOMalley record." Obama's] [Pres on run to "Have @overheardpbs: RT candidate" other any than more @NRA the to up standing for heart my of bottom the from much so you thank to want "I @MartinOMalley con historia su compartir de oportunidad la tendrá Ramirez familia La @JuanSaaa: RT … citizens. undocumented are Adriana, and Manuel Parents, family. w/Ramirez eating Austin East in is .@MartinOMalley @jrud: RT 2016 &amp; Act DREAM talking family, immigrant w lunch for arrives @MartinOMalley today, Austin In @MarkW_KVUE: RT https:… children." my of each of dreams the are "These saying, tassels, graduation two @MartinOMalley hands mother Immigrant @MarkW_KVUE: RT Americanos! Nuevos los todos y ustedes por luchando ¡Seguiré recibirme. por Ramírez Familia la a Gracias leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We families. American New of millions for relief immediate secure to presidency the of power full the use will I @MartinOMalley - citizenship. to pathway a includes that reform immigration have must We @TXDemParty: RT greet. and meet @UTAustin tonight's at @MartinOMalley for house Full @TXDemParty: RT now. reform immigration comprehensive pass and shadows the of out workers get Let's @martinomalley! for rooting and watching you’re if RT – Iowa in first the is Tomorrow @omalleyforia: RT … about who's man this with stand to Honored @MartinOMalley. of guests as debate the attend to time Iowa to Off @MamaRedfield: RT choose. to right woman’s a defend to fight I'll POTUS, As Wade. v. Roe destroy could case This -O'M people. its and country the for Praying Paris. from news Heartbreaking peace. and unity love, of speak that globe the throughout voices to listen us Let ET. 9pm at LIVE watch to in Tune . for prepping backstage is O’Malley Governor ground." the on boots of pair a than more is son "My member: service military of mother a quotes .@MartinOMalley @ABCPolitics: RT soldiers.” American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son "My O’Malley: Governor to member service a of mother A row. a in years five unprecedented an #1 system school K-12 Maryland’s ranked Week Education O’Malley, Under implemented.” O’Malley Gov. which freeze, tuition four-year a from comes success MD’s of part big “A #… law into Act Leave Parental Maryland &amp; Act Restoration Rights Civil Ledbetter Lilly MD the signed @MartinOMalley MD, of Gov As @PPact: RT now. reform immigration comprehensive pass and shadows the of out workers get Let's more: Read Americans. New of number possible greatest the to action deferred providing w/ starts plan My law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As yourself. for See plan? Street Wall @HillaryClinton’s about say people did What nation. the in legislation safety gun strongest the place in put O'Malley Governor Maryland, In city. major other any than faster crime down drove Baltimore leadership, O’Malley’s Under FACT: out: him help And Watch: Street. Wall on buck honest an make to tried O’Malley Gov. better. do must &amp; can We reform. justice criminal need we ever than more now believe I worked. it institutions—and public at tuition freeze to action took O’Malley Governor … bills." of mountain a "on school to went daughters his notes college, debt-free for calls O'Malley @ThisWeekABC: RT ​ now: campaign our Join . in believes who candidate the Support now. right can you whatever Donate moment. our was This @TheIowaHawkeyes!!! and @MartinOMalley both for wins Solid @samgrayia: RT … barker": carnival "immigrant-bashing as Trump slams .@MartinOMalley @MSNBC: RT soluti… smart and responses quick his with impress to fails never man The tonight. the at solid was @MartinOMalley @hankselby: RT Clear… rhetoric! and numbers just not immigration, and war to side human a is there us reminding for you Thank @MartinOMalley @ItsMollyC: RT : tonight's during economy the on O'Malley Martin @BostonGlobe: RT Saints. at party after his at @MartinOMalley for waiting chanting of Lots @SarahBeckman3: RT … supporters! and staff volunteers, thanking saints at thing stool bar his doing .@MartinOMalley @JosephOHern: RT Beaverdale in crowd tells @MartinOMalley go!" to days 80 victory, to "On @IAStartingLine: RT … supporters. with pictures take and hands shake to around sticking .@MartinOMalley @SarahBeckman3: RT htt… Gov! the during performance Great friends! with tonight @MartinOMalley for cheering fun Had @WalterDeleonDC: RT Americans: Muslim about say to had O'Malley Martin what is here Paris, of wake the In @ajplus: RT perf. boffo his on @MartinOMalley happy a w/ interview post-debate short My @MarkHalperin: RT religion." world great a of name the perverting is group barbaric and brutal "This soldiers.” American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son "My now: campaign our Join this? of part a be to Want agree: you if Join love. is Love equality. of side the on stood he Governor, As … BBQ Fall Democrats County Story the at ovation standing a receives .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT free. debt college graduate to chance a student every give and future our in invest to need We Trump…” Donald carnival-barker immigrant-bashing that from this hear never “You’ll reform. care health in leader national a be can Maryland @NEJM: Medicine of Journal England New the from it Take @WartburgCollege at students of full room a to speaking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT townhall. @MartinOMalley for College Wartburg at classroom Full @ksosanie: RT Decorah in goers caucus with meeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … John's! Java at residents Decorah and students Luther with @MartinOMalley for house coffee Packed @omalleyforia: RT (1/2) Paris. in saw we violence same very the fleeing refugees Syrian of rejection the for called now have states 13 in Governors Republican choice. zero-sum a not is are we who to true staying and safe America Keeping ignorance. &amp; fear of face the in values our rejecting are They https:/… Obama. with stand to right is @MartinOMalley refugees. Syrian of scapegoating reject to right is President The @NicholsUprising: RT unAmerican. and heartless is This anything? for vetted be to need three-year-olds do world what in .@ChrisChristie religion. world great a of name the perverting is group barbaric and brutal This Iowa! in endorsements new 28 have to Happy @MartinOMalley for caucus to committing Dolan Denise Auditor Dubuque @omalleyforia: RT now. end must @SenFeinstein—this with agree I guns. buy to right terrorists' protect but refugees away turn R's front. humanitarian this on responsibilities our shirk we if battlefield, the on credible be cannot we leader, moral a be cannot We it. for pay actually she'd how people American the tell should She leave. family paid support do I right: is .@HillaryClinton citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National free. debt college graduate to chance a student every give and future our in invest to need We change. for fighting those with stand I violence. gun from lives saving on research blocked has @NRA The … here: them of 28 all about Read endorsements? new @MartinOMalley's Missed @omalleyforia: RT more: Read contracts. procurement through safety gun advance to purse federal the of power the use must We @MartinOMalley touches nobody insults, Trump Donald of commander-in-chief being to comes it When @nowthisnews: RT Maryland. in Act DREAM the passed O’Malley 2011, In soldiers” American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son “My it. destroy would You freedom. religious protect to founded was America .@realdonaldtrump, are. we who to true stay must We Paris. in saw we violence same very the fleeing are refugees Syrian … refugees Syrian the welcome should we right, is Taylor Mayor nation. compassionate &amp; generous a are We @omalleyforia: RT @BloombergTV on joins @MartinOMalley ET, 5pm at up Coming @bpolitics: RT … polls national @bpolitics latest of analysis + joins @MartinOMalley LIVE: WATCH @bpolitics: RT ET. 9:30 at @maddow on Governor the out Check TONIGHT: it! rocked @MartinOMalley tonight! in room Packed @AnnaMolas: RT Governor! the see to now @maddow to in Tune Governor. the see to ET 8:30 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune … next. us joins candidate presidential Democratic The ISIS? defeat @MartinOMalley would How @Morning_Joe: RT https:… ystdy. House the in had they that vote cowardly and rushed to preferable far is leadership Obama's .@MartinOMalley: @Morning_Joe: RT @NHCSL. en apoyo su por @nelsonalcalde16 @bianchi2016, @RepSoniaPacheco, @jorgesuarezsena a Gracias people. a as have we values the people, a as share we that principles the of us remind to leaders for important very it's crisis of times In pass &amp; services healthcare mental expand bullying, fight detention, unnecessary end let’s yr, this lost lives honor we As separation. of fear in live shouldn't Families song. a you sing to like we'd anniversary, DAPA year one the honor To lives. redeem and save to system justice criminal our Reform 9: Goal , for now stage on is Governor The WATCH: primary! our for filing @MartinOMalley now: Just @scdp: RT Watch: . the at stage the take to about is Governor The here: plan full my Read @MartinOMalley. candidate presidential Democratic to talk I’ll @ThisWeekABC, on Sunday @GStephanopoulos: RT insufficient. is programs treatment for Funding underutilized. are strategies treatment and prevention Proven nameless. the to names giving for you Thank it. deserved he maybe says @realDonaldTrump front-runner &amp; rally a at up beaten is protester a when GOP today's w/ wrong is Something needs" nation leader new of type is "@MartinOMalley Monitor: Concord today's In @omalleyfornh: RT Bedford in today event first our off kicking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT laws. antitrust our enforcing aggressively while jobs, and taxes offshore that mergers fight will I POTUS As now: for campaign our Join . in believes who candidate the Support : for calling I'm why That's imperative. security national &amp; moral a is change climate Addressing discrimination. identity gender banning legislation comprehensive signing Marylanders, transgender for up stood O’Malley Force. Task Security Homeland Mayors’ of Conference the co-chair to mayors fellow his by selected was O’Malley 2003, In records. felony with people to rights voting restore &amp; lead MD's &amp; KY follow must government federal The @GovSteveBeshear. you Thank America: in care health for plan My life. healthy a live to opportunity the deserves American Every it: do to how Here’s 2020. by 95% to rate insurance the increasing all, for care health to access ensure Goal: Organizer Field @MartinOMalley A Of Life The In Day A ICYMI: @IAStartingLine: RT Safety. Public and Security Homeland on Committee Special NGA’s the co-chair to peers fellow his by selected was O’Malley Governor, As Immigration Highlights Farmworkers, Of Sings O'Malley Martin @SuzGamboa: RT … Dinner: JJ @iowademocrats months last for ready getting team @MartinOMalley The ICYMI: @omalleyforia: RT Thanksgiving. Happy very a all Wishing for? thankful you are What … here: for thankful are we what Watch yours! and you to team @MartinOMalley the from Thanksgiving Happy @omalleyforia: RT gear. cool some for out Check today? Shopping Colorado. in those with are prayers and thoughts My unacceptable. is This eat. to enough without poverty, in living are children five in one America, in Today on question member's @MoveOn a answer me Watch watching? be you Will tonight. Dinner JJ @NHDems the for Excited … Dinner JJ Democrats before Radisson outside supporters w/ meets .@MartinOMalley @MikeCroninWMUR: RT … dinner the to tickets for @MartinOMalley you Thank @katie_bm: RT dinner! Jackson Jefferson the at @MartinOMalley meeting pleasure a was It @Liam5music: RT now: up Sign . in believes who candidate the Support JJ to prior supporters greeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT Dinner: JJ @NHDems the at Governor The LIVE: WATCH achieved. have we what upon build to but progress, of record Obama-Biden the from away run not must we Americans, as Democrats, As can! we however and hour—wherever an $15 to wage minimum the raise to together, action, take must We Liberty! of Statue the is it fence— wire barbed the not is nation our of symbol enduring the say, and together, up stand us Let https://t… flapping. both are wing right the &amp; wing left the when best works America @MartinOMalley @KristiStL: RT Manchester in Companies Velcro touring .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT @omalleyfornh Conway in Center Gibson the at questions takes .@MartinOMalley @elraymer: RT @ConwayDailySun the at fridge famous the signs .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT prevention &amp; research,treatment, HIV redouble will I POTUS, As AIDS. of scourge the end &amp; together world the bring can America leadership US undermines GOP the change, climate fight to leaders world w/ meets @POTUS Outrageous--as tonight students @UVA with speak to Excited https://t… phonebanking of night for @dave_hamrick Manager Campaign Natl O'Malley trains @AbenaAbraham out: it Check @ksosanie: RT priorities @NRA of ahead safety put should GOP House The Disgraceful. to "eagle" prefer still I though - @TexasTravesty with down sitting Loved hashtag, new the of birth - also .@aseitzwald laws safety gun meaningful enact and @NRA the to up stand to time it's enough: is Enough . of out news Horrifying @UniPolitica @jorgeramosnews @UniNoticias @MartinOMalley in When @carl_chirinos: RT 1 day on actions executive bold these proposing am I stop! must violence this - same the urge I @RJCHQ .@URJ … laws gun in change force finally might rampage Bernardino San says O’Malley Martin @ThisIsFusion: RT weapons assault buy can they but fly, can't suspects Terror @NRA. the up stand to NOW officials elected on Call … recap short this at look a Take swing? NH recent @MartinOMalley's of any Miss @omalleyfornh: RT to. able be should serve to qualified All forward. military our moving is Carter Secretary refugees. accept and leader moral a be to needs US the agree, I letter. this signed who rabbis 1,000+ the to Thanks others? the were where @NRA, to up stand to Proud control. gun on candidates Dem at look close takes timeline .@nhpr ago. years 2 @UofMaryland the at spoke Holiness His when @WOM_alley with @DalaiLama the meeting to https… @PhilanderSmith. at issues other and control, gun education, higher from ranging issues addressing @MartinOMalley @HigherEduSmith: RT speech! great a gave and Arkansans with meeting @MartinOMalley Party. Holiday DPA the At @_keithmorgan: RT -O'M EOs. use let's act, to courage have doesn't Congress If disgrace." nat'l &amp; outrage "moral a is agree—this I penalty. death the abolish must We practice. biased racially and archaic an on stance strong a take will who leader a need We here: plan full my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As and right is children and mothers detaining that insisting stop must They wrong. is DOJ … SC Charleston in Hall Town Presidential a at @MartinOMalley with Here strong. standing Party Democratic The @ChsDems: RT pride w/ &amp; to—openly able be should serve to can/wants who Anyone disgusting. are servicemembers women &amp; LGBT abt comments .@RealBenCarson's Maryland. in Act DREAM the passed O’Malley 2011, In 2050. by grid electric powered energy renewable 100% a on run to, needs and can, America Security. Social expansion the for call and values our for up stand to time is It -O'M Lights. of Festival the celebrating all to Hanukkah Happy jobs. new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our years, 35 Within #… here: Security enhance--Social just expand--not to plan our out check @AARP, Hey @omalleyforia: RT https… @AARPIA @MartinOMalley Gov says update to needed is Leadership Presidential @petejeffries: RT ban. national a pass let's Now stand. will law MD's &amp; ban weapons assault OK's SCOTUS news: good of Sliver demagogue. fascist a as President for running is he doubt: all removes .@realdonaldtrump future. and Democracy their for day great a is This spoken. have Venezuela of people The Venezuela. de futuro el y Democracia la para día gran un es Hoy voces. sus alzo Venezuela de pueblo El Rapids Cedar in townhall tech @TechnologyIowa's off Kicking @omalleyforia: RT always &amp; now you w/ stand I union! a join to right their expressed who Vegas Las in workers Hotel Trump to Congrats … Bowl!" Rose the to going on importance-congrats great of issue w/ "starting IA: of U at .@MartinOMalley @ksosanie: RT https://t.… @MartinOMalley others"- to service noble a is service public me taught parents "My @vogt_for_nicky: RT … infrastructure/human for Calls closet. a in cash storing by wealth legacy up store not do nations Great .@MartinOMalley @DavidRedlawsk: RT Security. Social for plans @MartinOMalley discuss @MattSheaff and .@SpradNH @AARPadvocates: RT … Security Social expand to plan progressive detailed, full, @MartinOMalley here’s @AARPNH Hey @omalleyfornh: RT citizen. American an be to means it what of part be should service National leadership. his to thanks vote popular by this defend to first the became Maryland law—and into equality marriage signed O’Malley 2012, In Forum. South The in First the from questions tough Four justice. for backstop better a DOJ the make would plan justice criminal My needs. it resources the DOJ give must We love. is Love equality. of side the on stood he Governor, As seat your save to now Auditorium Sibley at us Join shortly! very beginning is event @MartinOMalley Our @berkeleyforum: RT @berkeleyf… at -@MartinOMalley bills!" of mountain a on college to went daughters my Bill, GI the on college to went dad "My @cbrewsayso: RT .@MartinOMalley Cal, to Welcome @Cheyenne___M: RT https://t.… #2016 @UCBerkeley talk @MartinOMalley see to can they place every from watching room in fit couldn't who Students @zytehamel: RT families. American New of millions for relief immediate secure to presidency the of power full the use will I helped. who volunteers the all to you Thank VA. in ballot the on be officially I'll signatures, 7,000 over With deportation. from Americans New million 9 least at safeguard to action executive extend immediately would admin O’Malley An more: Read contracts. procurement federal using Yes—by safety? gun advance to action executive take I Will . to call our continue to Jail Ave 4th @RealSheriffJoe’s of front in @PuenteAZ and me with Stand MT: 5pm at Today llam… un hacer para Ave 4th la de @RealSheriffJoe's de cárcel la a frente @PuenteAZ y conmigo Únanse MT: pm 5 las a Hoy @Latinos4OMalley: RT detention immigrant end to call @puenteaz @MartinOmalley : on LIVE @GabiDomenzain: RT plan: My long. too far for inaction legislative of fear and uncertainty the endured have Americans New day. every values American our subvert You children. women, jailing Stop me. on thoughts your abt damn a give Don't here: WATCH can You Center. ADAMS the at remarks give will Governor The ET, 12:00PM At project. Scout Eagle an as built was here pole flag American The mosque. Center ADAMS the at scouts Meeting Center: ADAMS the at Governor The LIVE: WATCH challenges. these overcome will we inshallah, Together, nation. one as stronger be always will We together. this in all are We he… my filled just has @MartinOMalley that THANKFUL heartbroken. been often I've days these youth an As @ziadtheactivist: RT @realDonaldTrump. of rhetoric hateful the against up stand and part our do must We people. generous &amp; compassionate a be to continue must We forward. us move to people a as goodness our upon call to courage the about is Leadership (1/2) refugees. for or president, our for test religious no means Constitution—that the uphold to is president the of responsibility 1st The (2/2) all. for liberty religious means that And law. the under protection equal means That mosque a visit to candidate 2016 first becomes Muslims, with stood literally .@MartinOMalley @nowthisnews: RT @realDonaldTrump from proposals anti-Muslim hateful, against speaking for Greatest, the aka @MuhammadAli, to Thanks https://… O'Malley": Martin with Conversation "A event, 3 Dec. our from album photo the out Check @ChicagoHarris: RT … here: today! team @MartinOMalley the Join FIELD: the FROM @omalleyforia: RT economy. energy clean a to transition our realize help to Corps Jobs Energy Clean new a create would I -O'M them. to world the hold will I POTUS, As change. climate fight to goals ambitious sets pact The . the on Congrats energy. clean to transition full need We action. with best—lead does it what do to needs the Now … political and social economic, the in fully more people, more including by stronger made are We . @Latinos4OMalley: RT ME! WITH START can You ideas. un-American backward, your oppose who people of registry your start you Trump—when Mr. row. a in years five unprecedented an #1 system school K-12 Maryland’s ranked Week Education O’Malley, Under work: They restrictions. age and periods, waiting licensing, gun mandatory like measures sense common pass Let’s tragedies. future prevent &amp; laws safety gun real enact must We today. heart my on deeply weighs at tragedy the father, a As year. each Americans 32,000 than more kill firearms that unacceptable is It help! your for Thanks Ohio. of state great the in ballot the on get to petition my signing .@Ted_Strickland here: plan full my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As Liberty. of Statue the is it fence wire barbed a not is nation our of symbol enduring The … centers detention in conditions abt hears @MartinOMalley @DesisRisingUp, Bangladeshi w meeting @thenyic: RT at O'Malley Martin : on LIVE @npnewamericans: RT trecho. mucho hay hecho al dicho Del it. did actually we but it, about talk can Anyone at Governor The compassion. our about is It justice. do to ability our about is It values. our about It’s security. about just not is home at Strength https://t.… @AAAJ_AAJC @thenyic dignity human basic about at caucus the addressing .@MartinOMalley @StevenOFA: RT @thenyic: RT now: campaign our Join ? the during hearing are you what like Don’t (1/2) . energy clean to transition our block and families American for prices energy raise will ban export oil crude the Lifting (2/2) -O'M infrastructure. fuel fossil dirty more build we if targets our meet to able be never will We soldiers." American are These ground. the on boots of pair a not is son "My helped! who supporters &amp; volunteers the all and Elkins Mayor to Thanks today. Ohio in ballot the on be to filed We service. public to me drawn always what’s purpose—that’s higher of politics the Yes, bowl super the won @Ravens the AND MD in equality marriage for up stand to me joined @brendon310 when to change. climate for state the prepare to and warming global reduce to Change Climate on Commission the created O’Malley law. wage living first nation’s the signed and wage minimum state’s the raised O’Malley Governor, As O’Malley: Martin to according America, facing problem main The @nytopinion: RT state. the in thousands for leave family expanding Act, Leave Parental Maryland the passed O’Malley Gov. … on debate the after morning the @jaketapper to talk will @MartinOMalley Candidate Presidential Democratic @CNNSotu: RT tonight! watching be will you that know us Let @SavetheChildren! to high-five big a gives @MartinOMalley Team @omalleyfornh: RT @SaintAnselm at through walk debate his doing @MartinOMalley PHOTO: @Lis_Smith: RT station viz @omalleyfornh the the by stops O'Malley Grace @MattSheaff: RT crowd the with outside still is son O'Malley's Martin @maryaliceparks: RT @MartinOMalley night! the up lighting @omalleyfornh Team @elraymer: RT ! to in heading before supporters his up pumping .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT pre- America across parties house addressing @MartinOMalley PHOTO: @Lis_Smith: RT now: campaign our Join go! we Here us. unite that freedoms and values the to true hold and together come must We here: plan my Read lives. save that laws safety gun sensible for time is it nation, a As … principles." more need we polls, more not is issue this on need we "What control: gun on .@MartinOMalley @CBSEveningNews: RT refugees. Syrian more accept and part our do must We people. generous and compassionate a be to continue must We : at refugees Syrian on stance his reaffirms .@MartinOMalley @CBSNLive: RT @MartinOMalley — danger." present and clear the is that ISIL, defeating on focus to need we believe "I @voxdotcom: RT to the get to plan a forth have we why That's message. important - @TomSteyer Hey … health. &amp; leadership economics, on: based women for state best as @CAPAction by ranked was MD @MartinOMalley, Under @PPact: RT that: do can Glass-Steagall Only banking. commercial and speculative between firewall a build to need We free. debt college graduate to chance a student every give and future our in invest to need We now: campaign this Join … candidates: Republican criticizes @MartinOMalley statement, closing In @CBSNews: RT Manchester from live Union the of State CNN on @MartinOMalley now Happening @omalleyfornh: RT … on @CNN Watch . on next @MartinOMalley catch stage, the off Fresh @CNNgo: RT debate! NH the after tour barnstorming the off kicks .@MartinOMalley @AVusk: RT … here: up Sign today! campaign @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT Manchester in Hall Town Leadership New off kicks .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT vols!! our love We together. holidays the celebrating volunteers .@MartinOMalley @JoJo_Sabine: RT https://t… High Concord at demonstration a with everyone for works that economy an about talking .@MartinOMalley @MattSheaff: RT here: them Read Dream. American the Rebuild to goals progressive 15 out laid has O’Malley Gov. factors. risk actual at look doesn't and discriminatory still is ban year 1 A men. bisexual and gay on ban blood lift should .@US_FDA Hampshire! New in HQ our to @MartinOMalley Welcome economy. innovation talking @Dyn here day Candidate @kyork20: RT Windham in hall town off kicking @MartinOMalley -- over not Days @omalleyfornh: RT reform. justice criminal meaningful for fight the continue must We . than more do to need we that shows case 's votes Primary NH for pitch elevator (literal) a makes O'Malley Martin Watch: @nhpr: RT 2050. by grid electric clean 100% a to us move to plan a forward put to last, the not hopefully and candidate, only the I'm season holiday the during back giving of tradition great A @WOM_alley. with @CC_MD at volunteering morning the Spent immediately act need We epidemic. an is violence Gun @carmeloanthony. &amp; @CP3 @StephenCurry30, with agree I women. for pay unequal on down cracking Act, Restoration Rights Civil Ledbetter Lilly MD the signed O’Malley this. than nation better a are We wrong. are death fleeing refugees American Central up/deport round to raids for plans holiday .@DHSgov esto. que mejores Somos inmoral. son muerte la de huyen que centroamericanos refugiados contra fiestas estás en planea @DHSgov q redadas Las gangs. death fled who child refugee a was Jesus Remember: concoct. would @realDonaldTrump something like sounds Roundup Refugee Christmas A all! to Christmas Merry very A Iowa. in out team our from video Great service. national through country her or his serve to opportunity the have should American Every equality. of side the on stood he Governor, As https:… endorsement PAC STAR the for Club Social Moines Des the at house packed a to speaking is .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT nationwide. response our track and problem, the monitor to addiction and overdose on dashboard national a establish will I President, As rehabilitation. achieve actually facilities “corrections” our make to strive must We Union. our in state 29th the became Iowa 1846 in day this On Iowa! Birthday Happy @omalleyforia: RT live! Governor the watch to ET 7:15 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune @MartinOMalley up Coming @Morning_Joe: RT now! @Morning_Joe to in Tune @DMRegister: death,” and genocide fleeing are who refugees on door our slamming never means work) "(Our us. divides than us unites that more lot a is There lives. save to laws safety gun comprehensive need We again. happen to tragedy another for wait and by sit just can’t We year? the of end the before campaign our join you Will people. a as values our or imperatives, security national our needs, economic our meet longer no laws immigration outdated Our dad his to program app) (doorknocking miniVAN the explains son .@MartinOMalley's @IAStartingLine: RT money. my for run a me gave Truly today. doors the on it killed .@MartinOMalley @WOM_alley: RT https:… disabilities on record @MartinOMalley's dad his about talks @WOM_alley ICYMI: @Respect_Ability: RT next: you’re sure Make 2015. in joined who supporter a as list our on be to left hours Just Year! New Happy morning. this Moines Des West in @MartinOMalley for ready room Full @ksosanie: RT https:… to support their for asking and goer caucus every meeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT Street. Wall on buck honest an make to try O'Malley Gov. Watch veterans. and seniors children, our for table the on food put that SNAP like programs nutrition key to cuts restore should We … @MartinOMalley candidate presidential favorite my with calls some making here just I'm @momimbored: RT … here: online it Stream @MartinOMalley? with Iowa' in Week 'This Sunday's Miss @ThisWeekInIowa: RT change. climate stop to aggressively and immediately act to obligation moral a have We President as take I'd actions 7 are safety—here gun on action exec take to right is @POTUS act, to refusal GOP Given safety. gun advance to contracts procurement Use 1. immunity. dealer overturn—gun to work defending—and Stop 2. law. the break who abusers domestic prosecute and Disarm 3. ammunition. “cop-killer” Ban 4. sales. gun failed of enforcement law Alert 5. home. at guns of storage responsible the Require 6. dealers. licensed of audits and enforcement Strengthen 7. wills: Living 3. banks. big for requirements Capital 2. Glass-Steagall. modern A 1. Fail: To Big Too end to plan My year. each Americans 32,000 than more kill firearms that acceptable not It’s -O'M sales. gun all than more worth is life One lives. lose we that day a is control gun debating spend we day act—every to right is .@POTUS now: it Do caucus. to commit people when love Kiera and Cath Organizers Iowa stronger. us make will reforms safety gun @POTUS's weaker. us make will division &amp; fear disgraceful—his are @POTUS on attacks .@TedCruz's … Convention Student Primary Hampshire New the into streaming live @MartinOMalley now Happening @omalleyfornh: RT untouchable? you’re economy nation’s the wreck you if but taillight, broken a for over pulled get can you when to come country this has What leadership. innovative and governance good require will deserve veterans our care world-class the providing &amp; VA the at problems the Solving interests. national over profits corporate value shouldn't deals Trade . oppose I why of example An Outrageous. Dinner. Caucus West the in First Nevada the for ready Getting Dinner Battleground Nevada the address Governor the Watch place. generous more and compassionate, more connected, more a to moving are we that see will you and Americans young to Talk detour. bad very a into backslide surely will we or legacy Obama's President on build must We us. to up it’s Now Americans. New of arrival the by generation every in stronger made is America nations. of nation a are We strength. our is diversity Our ME! WITH START can you ideas, fascist your oppose who Americans of registry your launch you when @realDonaldTrump, Well now: campaign our Join us. on depends country our of future the like fight must we And election. this win must We Dream. American the Rebuild to goals 15 my ideas—read bold and solutions new needs country Our heal. cannot another one for love our and leadership new that politics nation's our about divided so nothing is There @MartinOMalley done." things getting and leadership "New @MichaelE_ECLV: RT headquarters by stop @POLIRams the have to Great @omalleyfornh: RT . the supporting in me Join … preguntas 10 en Conócelo presidencia? la a lanzó se qué por y @MartinOMalley es quién ¿Sabes @UniPolitica: RT make to plans he progress the on build would I how Read . to time it's - @POTUS applaud I … @taylorvdk42 @MartinOMalley win we how is This activists. , from cards caucus 8 = 8am @ChouBenjamin: RT plan: full my Read loopholes. dangerous close and universal checks background make Let’s IA Davenport, - Unplugged O'Malley : on LIVE from. hear to get voters candidates which dictate NBC let not must We voters. the to up It's executives. NBC to up not is election This choice informed an make to get should voters The stage. debate the from ppl fire to able be shouldn’t execs Media Apprentice. the isn’t This IA. Moines, Des in night other the Tour Leadership New The Unplugged: O’Malley the to start Great on LIVE today: and team @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT https://t.… cities" our in invest to plan a w/ race the in candidate only the "I'm forum: Pres. @ .@MartinOMalley @CCCAction: RT stage. the on leaders grassroots with @MartinOMalley Gov @CCCAction: RT O'M - answers! some are here – videos your loved I @ThisIsFusion, Hey @omalleyforia: RT Iowa en inmigrantes de deportaciones y redadas condenó .@MartinOMalley @UniPolitica: RT http… O'M - Liberty of Statue the is it fence, wire barbed the not is nation our of symbol enduring the @ThisIsFusion, Hey @omalleyforia: RT Maryland. in penalty death the abolished and consensus new a forged O’Malley Governor attempts, failed two After @NoLabelsOrg addressing O’Malley Gov. now: Happening billionaires. right-wing not , to want who in families class middle and teachers w/ sides Crucial President. as them strengthen &amp; protect will I and Gov. as unions employee public for rights bargaining collective expanded I tonight! in tune to sure Make Forum! Presidential Black &amp; Brown @ThisIsFusion the at stage on Governor the see to now in Tune https://t.… years: five within for plan @MartinOMalley's READ @omalleyforia: RT @ThisIsFus… time. divided this through come will we But become to easy It’s : to .@MartinOMalley @RockTheVote: RT now! campaign our Join world. the around ambassadors as serve can Americans more so Corps Peace our double to need We https… progress @BarackObama of off build will @MartinOMalley how about voters w/ Talking HQ. Manch at bank phone Pre-SOTU @omalleyfornh: RT him. of b/c today stronger are We growth. job positive of months straights 70 seen have we leadership, @POTUS' to Thanks FACT: years. 5 next the in it doing of goal a set I've college. debt-free of option the student *every* give must We it. expand must we Security, Social weaken shouldn't we right: is .@POTUS job. the finish to for calling I'm safer. and cleaner energy our made .@POTUS Muslims American scapegoat to voices divisive allow &amp; fear to in give can't religion—we world great a represent not does indeed American. every for right constitutional a vote to right the make Let's vote. to easier it make let's Yes, it. on build Let's service. his for thankful leadership, his for Blessed @POTUS. than challenges bigger inherited times modern in POTUS No vote. popular by this defend to first the became Maryland law—and into equality marriage signed O’Malley 2012, In leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We … @MartinOMalley legislation? gun tough passed and NRA the challenged Who @HolleSharon: RT debt. its renegotiate to Rico Puerto allow and Street Wall to up stand must We @NHLAgenda. w/ agree I deuda. su renegociar Rico Puerto a permitir y St. Wall a desafiar Debemos @NHLAgenda. con acuerdo de Estoy @Medium: on Rights of Bill Workers' Century 21st a proposing am I why Read Century: 21st the for Rights Of Bill Worker's American my in rights 11 the Read schedules. their over control more workers give to Act Work That Schedules the implement and pass, for, lobby will I President, As visit: progress @POTUS' on build to leadership new need better, do can we think you If . ultimate was accountable. pay in discriminate who employers holding Act, Fairness Paycheck the enact finally to fight will I (1/2) America. in happen not should This mad. spitting me makes it gov, &amp; mayor a as heart—and my breaks crisis water Flint the father, a As (2/2) justice. for time It's nothing. did officials Elected poison. black—to and poor Flint—many in children exposed decisions Reckless https://t… @HectorASalamanc Iowa in equity tuition for efforts our supports @MartinOMalley @DREAMIowa: RT . to get to step critical a is This lands. federal on leases coal halting is @POTUS news: Great court. in day their &amp; give should today. to fighting those all with stand I . y a audiencia una darle debe . marcha en sigan inmigración de ejecutivas acciones las que para luchando todos a uno Me … members. audience with time over earnings personal on exercise interactive an leads @MartinOMalley @CornellCollege: RT pre-K. universal in investing by America in child every to available education quality a make can We at event campaign @MartinOMalley the from photos posted just We @CornellCollege: RT can. we wherever and however hour, an $15 to wage minimum the raise to fight will I President, As most the help need that communities the in invest to need they flexibility the mayors give programs federal best The bombing. carpet beats diplomacy candidates: Republican to Memo others. and Rezaian Jason of release the on news Great year. given a in childcare affordable safe, on income their of 10% than more pay should family No place. generous more and compassionate, more connected, more a to moving are We leadership. new up lifting by country our for forward way the point to before: done you’ve what do to you challenge to here I’m imagine. to want even don’t we something into backslide surely will we legacy, @POTUS’ on build don’t we If us. to up it’s Now guns. more NOT is deaths gun to answer the And poverty. more isn’t poverty to answer The cancer. more isn’t cancer to answer The America. in sales gun the all than more worth is life American one @NRA: the for message a have I Amendment. Constitutional a Vote to Right the make to state by state work and United, Citizens overturn must we Party, Democratic the As years. 8 past the of successes the on build and together join Let’s Carolina. South you Thank tonight: debate the watching be will you that know us Let next. come should transit growth—and economic of wave every underpinned has development infrastructure history, our Throughout https… Party: Watch Debate a RSVP , tonight's for ready gets team @MartinOMalley the As @omalleyforia: RT watching: you’re know us Let Caucuses. Iowa the before debate Democratic last the of start the till left hour 1 Only now! in Tune cities American for agenda New 3. grid electric clean 100% 2. Americans all for wages Increase 1. legislation. safety gun comprehensive pass to need our on consistent been have I leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We succeed. to want we if other each help must We one. are We other. each past talking keep cannot We Street. Wall on fundraise O'Malley Governor Watch … change: climate is years in opportunity business new greatest the thinks @MartinOMalley Why @MSNBC: RT … Muslims." American "vilify to try that appeals" "fascist @realDonaldTrump's slams .@MartinOMalley @ABCPolitics: RT campaign: the join to time the is Now progress. American of era new the to us bring will beliefs shared Our … Jr. King, Luther Martin of memory in Carolina South in marches @MartinOMalley , night's last After @ABCPolitics: RT card: his Sign Birthday? 53rd Happy a O’Malley Governor wish help you Will -O'M LOL. me make always Jack, and William youngest, two My SC nights last in me supporting for @CountyExecBaker Year the of Official Public @GOVERNING and friend my to Thanks injustice. quiet for country our in place no is There King. Dr. of spirit and life the to true hold to need we ever than more Now 53! Happy a him Wish card. Birthday O’Malley’s Gov. Sign please? characters more 30 Just .@TheDailyShow couples. same-sex to benefits other and care health extended O’Malley 2010, In … since equality for out all gone has candidate a time 1st the for B/c @MartinOMalley? 4 vote voters will Why @ChouBenjamin: RT accident. today’s in involved staff and volunteers @RealBenCarson the for recovery healthy and speedy a for Praying @omalleyforia: RT jobs. new of millions by supported energy, clean by powered 100% be should &amp; can country our yrs, 35 Within terrible… a after tonight family Joplin the &amp; volunteers, staff, campaign @realbencarson’s with are prayers &amp; thoughts Our @omalleyforia: RT places." war-torn into back doorstep our on themselves find who kids refugee return not do "We Norte. Del Jornaleros Los &amp; @puenteaz you, with there be could I Wish Manos." de “Bandera practicing been I've .@Juanes, risks health w/known schools to students send not education, in invest should We schools. safe for up standing are who I … @omalleyfornh College England New at room packed a with day the starts kick .@MartinOMalley @elraymer: RT Nashua in Forum Presidency and Poverty Politics, important addressing .@MartinOMalley @omalleyfornh: RT h… class. middle the for Dream American the restore to vision his offers @MartinOMalley Nashua, in forum antipoverty At @Telegraph_Chris: RT act. we time elections—it's our over taken have interests special big-money Today, O'Malley to Sanders from vote my switching I'm Why President. as rights those for fighting stop never will I Gov, as choose to right woman's a &amp; health women's for up stood always I @NRA! the to up stand &amp; to leadership New @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why VIDEO: @omalleyforia: RT screenings. STI &amp; cancer contraception, counseling, pregnancy free to access women low-income 35k gave Act Works Planning Family O’Malley’s https://t… -@MartinOMalley progress" Obama on build to do to work have new a of voice the up lifted "Iowans @ksosanie: RT expanding about talking @aarpia @MartinOMalley @FreemanJeremyIA: RT IA Coralville, in @BackpocketBrew at questions taking .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT … today! and team @MartinOMalley the JOIN @omalleyforia: RT … de Presidente para @MartinOMalley a endorsa Iowa de Latino' 'El Periódico HORA: ÚLTIMA DE NOTICIA @Latinos4OMalley: RT https://t… supper Soup Dems Story at supporter @MartinOMalley another up signs he as closer" "the @WOM_alley call We @JakeOeth: RT way Iowa the campaigned has @MartinOMalley town, to town and city to city From VIDEO: @omalleyforia: RT students: IA from memo a Read generation." our for want we leadership new the choose and up stand must Iowans "Young @MartinOMalley for @SimpsonCollege at gathering is house packed A @omalleyforia: RT governor. a and mayor A executive. an of that is experience My https… . at appearance second his marking today, Hall Great at speaking is .@MartinOMalley @SimpsonCollege: RT -@MartinOMalley uncles." our colleagues, our friends, our They're enemies. our aren't "Republicans @Brian_Williams2: RT waltz! Iowa here: it stream also can You O’Malley! Governor watch to CNN the to now in Tune leadership: healthcare MD on @NEJM year. a in $116M saved &amp; care of volume of instead health community for paid We 2050. by grid electric powered energy renewable 100% a on run to, needs and can, America service. national through country their serve to opportunity the have should American Every now: campaign our Join corner: our in strong holding those Join https… today: ? CNN's at say to had @MartinOMalley what Like @omalleyforia: RT leader. new a for looking is America strong. Hold state: the across supporters O'Malley to message My (1/2) confinement. solitary limit to @POTUS by step important Big, (2/2) people. young all for confinement solitary end to fight and step next the take will I president As me: with Join . to picture my changed I apart. families rip to promise &amp; Marshalltown visit to Outrageous worst. its at mongering hate represent @RealSheriffJoe &amp; .@realDonaldTrump https:… @USPS @MartinOMalley for cards commit of round last the off drop to smiles all is .@JakeOeth @JosephOHern: RT Grid! Electric Clean 100% a about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why VIDEO: @omalleyforia: RT education? early high-quality a receive to chance the has child every ensure you will How question: EJ's States. United the in children to education deny not do We wrong. is tactics. self-deportation the with stop Florida, Iowa. caucus, your at @MartinOMalley for to up fired Grinnell @JacksonSump: RT http… @MartinOMalley meet to outside up lined goers &amp; capacity at Company Brewing Torrent @mattcorridoni: RT Illinois. of out news Great https… Grid: Electric Clean 100% a about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why @omalleyforia: RT Iowa. smile. a with ask you if better works it .@JohnKasich, equally. treated are island the in citizens fellow our sure make I'll President As . the in mention a got Rico Puerto see to Glad (1/2) ] pay. about transparent be to companies requiring for @POTUS, you, Thank (2/2) dream. American the rebuilding for goals top my of one -- gap pay the close to fight our in step big a is This O'M - safe. kids all keep must We fortunate. less far were Others refugees. child for cared &amp; protected we MD, In mejores! te ¡Que recovery. speedy a you Wishing inclusion. and Americans New for fighting always for @GabyPacheco1 Gracias … : about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why @omalleyforia: RT days. Two … Reform Comprehensive for plan a about How @MartinOMalley? for caucus Why @omalleyforia: RT safe. us keep to everything risked who those for outcome an such allow cannot we nation, a As homeless. are veterans 50,000 Today, office Moines Des his at goers caucus with meeting .@MartinOMalley @omalleyforia: RT poverty. not dignity, in retire can seniors our so Security “enhance”—Social or cut expand—not to need We . canvass GOTC afternoon the launches @MartinOMalley as Johnston in here yard front Full @ksosanie: RT @MartinOMalley. for . until hours 24 @ksosanie: RT . to day the is Today ! @MartinOMalley for Caucusing 7pm canvassing, 10am viz, 6am Day: Caucus @JoJo_Sabine: RT DAY! CAUCUS IT'S @omalleyforia: RT … in tonight to Row Smokey outside supporters of crowd a tells .@MartinOMalley @carleegriffeth: RT Waterloo. in morning the to start Great https… decision. that of proud more be not could @MartinOMalley for caucus to committed I ago months 8 Almost @thegr8brittan: RT @MartinOMalley! for caucus to excited so I'm @TheGraceRogers: RT @omalleyforia: RT @omalleyforia: RT Iowa! close. doors till minutes 15 caucus. a to speak to Drake at arrived @MartinOMalley as erupted crowd The @GrantMRodgers: RT it. from away running than rather reform immigration embrace to ready are who @JohnFetterman like leaders needs solutions. the are too so and real, is change Climate @ProjectDrawdown. at member board a as team his and @PaulHawken join to excited Very globally. footprint carbon our reduce to change climate to solutions existing &amp; impactful most the modeling &amp; measuring mapping, be We'll visit @ProjectDrawdown, about information more For times. difficult these during together come must must We Brussels. in violence senseless this of victims the for breaks heart My night. last Hilltop the on @GUPolitics of students incredible the and @SamSteinHP, @MoElleithee, with speaking Great #2016 in! Tune time. this conversations kilt any promise Can't tomorrow. w/@maddow visiting to forward looking true: are rumors The in! tune to sure make PM- 9:15 at @Maddow joining be Will transcripts Street Wall the release should @HillaryClinton today: it say I'll returns, tax @MittRomney's about 2012 in this Said this. reverse &amp; up stand to need Democrats nation. this in immunity unprecedented has lobby gun the that disgraceful simply It's way the along jobs 5M create 2050, by fuels fossil on reliance out phase can We years. 100 in opportunity biz best is change climate FACT: leg. a Break skills. selfie your saw I when material Presidential were you knew I .@OfficialJLD: deportations. senseless &amp; families up breaking Stop . &amp; support to SCOTUS urging Americans of w/millions stand I bill. $20 new the on honored nation our to contributions &amp; courage her see to Thrilled Maryland--hero. American--&amp; great a is Tubman Harriet tonight! him for out turn &amp; tomorrow him for Vote results. get will who progressive a is .@ChrisVanHollen vote! Go Story. Live @Snapchat today's in2 endorsement prez my snapped &amp; w/@WOM_alley polls the outside fun some Had tradition. progressive proud MD's on carry will They tonight. victories their on @BrownforMD &amp; @ChrisVanHollen friends my to Congratulations Democrats! this win go Let's history. modern in nominee party major fascist racist, most the @realDonaldTrump in anointed just GOP The challenges. urban solve can universities &amp; cities Together, Committee. Advisory of Chair &amp; Fellow Sr as @MetroLabNetwork join to excited I'm here: involvement my &amp; does @MetroLabNetwork that work important the about more read can You better do can We blow. hardest the dealt children &amp; Women Un-American. it's - unjust only not Policy Immigration US hearts. in hold we Dream American the hardly - children &amp; women and unjust, Unconscionable, Audit=cheating. C) them pay Doesn’t B) billionaire a Not A) taxes? release @realDonaldTrump won’t Why antiestadounidense es injusta, es solo no inmigración de política Nuestra coming! is Winter - Throne Iron for bid in Joffrey ego alter his like Not week last @JackGleeson_ Met better. deserves America returns. tax own his release to Afraid wuss. Total .@realDonaldTrump better. do can We Hogan. Larry of politics ugly the vs. Bay the on reporting science-based and Fact cities: her at look -- America in working is that lot a is There conscience. his followed who ages the for champion American An justice. them do who leaders rare the and - all sacrificed who those remember again us let today, of end the At President. next the as Clinton Secretary of election the to energies my committing am I country, the of future the For deeply. so care us of many so which about issues progressive important on focused campaign exciting an waging for Senator commend I Trump. Donald by presented democracy our to threat fascist the confront to together come must We #2016 leader. that is Hillary leader. true and tried a needs America @realDonaldTrump. of hands untested the for high too far are stakes The Words not Actions rifles. assault buy to extremists jihadi for places easiest of one is The Orlando. of people the to out go prayers My . @ChrisMurphyCT. you Thank Buy." No / fly "No . America. in weapons assault combat of sale the on ban re-instate wolves: lone ISIS arming Stop . remembrance. greatest the is Reform actions. our also but thoughts, our deserve the &amp; Orlando like Tragedies stand. injustice letting for Court Supreme on Shame measure. important every most by Americans are DACA &amp; DAPA by covered Those tomorrow. convention Dems Dakota South at speaking today, @HillaryforIA with Dialing trail! the on Back whatever. but Rock, Celtic actually it's .@jasonnobleDMR, mandolin! a sign to asked got even I musicians. and organizers, great has .@HillaryForIowa @TheFix Cc: Trump. Donald you, for coming is November forever. Stark, Team fight" tough a from down back not will @HillaryClinton - Trump Donald carnival-barker, fascist, that "Unlike Donald" Chicken him: for one got I’ve nicknames. little those out hand to likes he Trump, "Donald hurt." get people real and tough, get things when away walks Donald Chicken bullies, most "Like more. like I one which sure Not Cluck". "Donald Or, con. a for fallen just they've evil, aren't supporters Trump's Americans. as are we who world the of rest the and Trump show to Time morning. this @jaketapper w chatting to forward Look hurt. get people real and tough, get things when away walks @realDonaldTrump Chicken bullies, most Like #2016. in us unite will know Dems Dakota South down. them tear we walls- build doesn't America @realDonaldTrump. like stars TV reality racist openly up prop you when Just issue. every Not hope. me gives always generation next Our America! of Dems School High the to talking time great a Had try. I man. Thanks, unacceptable. is This children. and women of camps internment for-profit stop to need We htt… you!!!!! thank you thank . end to way a what campaign. the supporting proudly @MartinOMalley @SarahLGriffin: RT seriously. But Bride"? Princess "The from ideas policy stealing Republicans Are you. like sound to starting is daughter your realize you when feeling that on Hillary summer! this you with @ussoccer_wnt on cheering to forward Look Abby. career, magnificent a on Congrats do. they sure make will Hillary taxes. in afford can they what of more pay should millionaires says Rule Buffett The https:/… fear. create to resolved seem Republicans These fear. over resolve chosen and before challenges faced have We @TheBriefing2016: RT words. reckless and proposals hateful against up stand will who leaders need we safe, America keep To https:… @HillaryClinton ! my @amuskygoldwyn w/ Iowa in trail campaign the share to papa proud a Such @tonygoldwyn: RT well. and alive is Side Dark the that us reminded Republicans year, This country. a as for stand we everything against goes people LGBT against Discrimination raise. a needs that family your It’s fine. just doing are top the at Those 🌈 https… month last for called @HillaryClinton which financing, ISIS on down crack to step takes UN @rosenbergerlm: RT principles. our or other each on turn not will We Americans. are We Issue Justice Social a Is Infrastructure Why Commentary: @BET: RT camera: a with country the around her follow to like it's what on videographer Hillary's … will platform just-released @HillaryClinton's and equality, full for is community LGBT the b/c @tammybaldwin: RT using today us with along Follow tonight! is The @HillaryforNH: RT … because before doors on knocking @DonnaSoucy Sen. and Mook Robby manager Campaign @HillaryforNH: RT story. his is This hero. American an and immigrant an was Khan Humayun Captain … week: this said Reps. State 78 ! Team for week HUGE a been It's @HillaryforNH: RT them. abandon to time the not is Now apart. us set values Our https… 😍🙌🏼 year. this list Christmas my off something checked who @HillaryClinton to much so Thanks @msamandarush: RT see! can eye the as far as @HillaryforNH: RT speech. hateful against up stand will who leaders need we safe, America keep To win! will she that believe We @HillaryforNH: RT Hampshire. New for candidate THE is @HillaryClinton And Hampshire. New in code area THE is 603 @HillaryforNH: RT Obama —President had." we’ve state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I her: with standing you're why us tell need, we president the is Hillary agree you If @TheBriefing2016. follow , tonight's during facts the For president: next our be should Hillary why counting) (and reasons 112 music—&gt; background is rest the all done— you’re when things 3 these at looking by service public of life a judge can You @billclinton: RT alw… it, gets @HillaryClinton apart? not together, coming we 3-Are futures? brighter have kids 2-Do off? better folks 1-Are @billclinton: RT top. the at those just not everyone, for work economy the make and safe families our keep both can who president a needs America president. next our be should Hillary why many of 3 Reason about. care people American the issues the to back get Let's race. fair a want We desk. their to comes that issue any tackle to ready be to have Presidents lobby—period. gun the over families American prioritize should We elected. get Hillary helped never has NRA The #88: Reason too. country your is This Americans: Muslim jihadism. radical with war at we're religion; a with war at not We're that. than better We're Americans. as are we who not values—that's our abandoning into us intimidate to terrorists allow can't We wants. ISIS what exactly East—that's Middle the in war ground major another afford can’t We committee): Republican-led a of front in testimony of hours 11 (and issues progressive for fighting of decades After agree. you if 47246 to QUALIFIED Text commander-in-chief. be to experience the with race this in candidate the is Hillary Hillary. wasn’t it Street—and Wall regulate to power of government the strip to voted stage on candidate one only .@BernieSanders repeal. to important too it's working—and is Act Care Affordable The h… gov. GOP a got you've if news Bad states. the to over care health turn would plan care health Sanders The @TheBriefing2016: RT colegiatura. su pagar para préstamo un pedir debería estudiante Ningún class. middle the on taxes raise to not pledged has who stage on candidate only the is Hillary issues. health mental and addiction drug for treatment for substitute a not is Prison Keene in hall town the Here's @HillaryforNH: RT mental. salud de problemas para ni drogas, las a adicción la tratar para substituto un es no cárcel La think? you Don't China. with dealing Lady First a Here's agree: you if name your Add president. next our as need we leader tough the is Hillary community: LGBT the for rights expand and protect to plan her released Hillary https:… violence. this end to work will Hillary year. this murdered been color—have of women women—primarily transgender 22 @mayaharris_: RT Democrat. a Thank economy? Strong why That's successful. the and strivers, the struggling, the for work will .@HillaryClinton @billclinton: RT move: smart a be would Office Oval the in state of secretary former a having why Here’s resort. last a of instead choice first a as ground the on boots US views that policy foreign a to back go can’t We stage. debate the on was she while Hillary texting were people what Here’s … photos: the See . the at it crushed Team and .@HillaryClinton @HillaryforNH: RT illustrated: moments, best Hillary’s … kids. LGBT “cure” to trying of practice harmful minors—the for therapy conversion end to wants Hillary @mayaharris_: RT top. the at those just everyone—not for grow economy the make and safe families keep to has president The p… a has that plan reform immigration comprehensive supports clearly who field GOP in left one no there's out, Graham With @brianefallon: RT not. do they seems It GOPville? in grinches the But lot. a progress like families American @TheBriefing2016: RT them. change to trying kids—not LGBT supporting be should We minors. for therapy conversion to end an put to time is It -H grandchild! second our meet to excited so We’re Charlotte. and Marc, you, for happier be not could I and dad Your https… 2016! in family growing Charlotte’s and Marc Chelsea, for thrilled are I and @HillaryClinton early! comes Christmas @billclinton: RT … -GloZell xoxo @amandadecadenet with @theconversation on @hillaryclinton president next our interviewed just I @GloZell: RT https:/… work: to went she Then Hampshire. New in hall town a at epidemic heroin America's of severity the learned Hillary @HillaryforNH: RT https:… ever! present amazing most the for @HillaryClinton model role and inspiration my to you Thank @Diagon_Aly: RT -H 2025. by Alzheimer’s for possible cure a make and treat, effectively prevent, can We you: terrify should that Why justices. Court Supreme 4 as many as nominate could president Republican A adopt. to trying parents LGBT against discrimination fight must We family. loving a deserves child Every 2025. by possible be could cure A Alzheimer’s?" for cure a to we are close "How asked: .@Quora @Quora: on Hillary sessions." care-planning Alzheimer’s comprehensive cover will Medicare plan, my "Under Americans. of millions for life changing 2025, by possible cure Alzheimer’s an make can We –@billclinton seen." ever have I time the for person qualified best the "She's @HillaryforNH: RT Americans. transgender against violence of crisis growing the combat must are—we they who of because fear in live should one No https:… disease: Alzheimer’s prevent and treat to fight the in @MariaShriver and @HillaryClinton with stand to proud I’m @_juliannemoore: RT invite! the for Thanks conversation. wonderful a was It @abbynicole1123 Hillary. from message a hear to 47246 to HOLIDAY Text holidays! Happy paycheck. your about worry to having you care—without best the deserve ones loved Your needs. basic affording time hard a such have families many so when wrong something There’s bullying?” this all about do to going you are “What Hillary: asked grader fifth Iowa An Hillary. from message a hear to 47246 to HOLIDAY Text holidays! Happy vote. to right their exercise to hours wait to have should one No Virginia. in rights voting for win A enough. soon come can’t Alzheimer's for cure a Americans, million of families the For not. do they seems It GOPville? in grinches the But lot. a progress like families American Christmas! Merry -H Christmas. Merry way! the on grandchild new a all: of gift best the and food, family, with one than day better a of think Can't vehicle. suspicious a investigate to forward stepped bravely he when unit entire his of lives the saved Khan Captain candy." for work would I and available am I campaign, your with help like would you "If -H wishes. warmest our you send I and celebrating—Bill all To Kwanzaa. this best the everyone Wishing them: to letter his Read daughters. his for place better a country this make to can he everything doing is dad This trail. campaign the on hours 48 selfies: and peppers Hot bullying?" this all about do to going you are "What asked: grader fifth Iowa An them. for care that families the and Alzheimer's, with people support to more do to have We … happen: it made schoolers high three how Here's Iowa. in people 996 of town a visited Clinton Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT opportunities. and benefits, care, health world-class deserve veterans Our enough. aren't ribbons yellow and Parades https://t… " too. Americans Muslim to applies took I oath "The know: Sofia 8-year-old let veterans and Troops @jmurray20: RT are. they heroes the like needs medical serious with Americans million 11 serve who caretakers the treat should We 2015: of moments campaign heartwarming most the of stories—some love moms, feminists, Little deserve. they seriousness the with Alzheimer’s like diseases treat we time It’s … @HillaryClinton. with policy talk to ready are &amp; house the in seats best the have kids These @HillaryforNH: RT ht… -Alzheimer's Pharma -Big companies -Insurance -Out-of-pocket-costs gaps health -Rural on taken has Clinton Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT CEOs. top than rates tax higher pay ever to nurses and teachers for reason no There’s top. the at those and corporations to breaks tax more give and progress our away rip Republicans let can't We done: things gets who president a need we aisle, the across working or leaders world with working she's Whether work. equal for pay equal get women sure making and wage, minimum the raising taxes, cutting by stronger families make can We profit. top the at those while burden tax a shouldering be shouldn't families class Middle https:… Americans. mill 18 from care health away take to trying mean I stuff, by And done. stuff Getting Congress. GOP Your @creynoldsnc: RT parent. working a be to hard so be shouldn’t It treatment. in investing about serious get we time It's use. substance to due child a bury to have should parent No done. job the get and Republicans on take can who president a need We this missed have might you Hillary from texts 6 https… Americans of millions for ADA the under rights the expand help to love I'd that @HillaryClinton told I @MarleeMatlin: RT families. their for there being still while work at ahead get to women for easier it make to need We down." them of out come to like it's what know I And up. primaries the into go to like it's what know "I competition? drinking a in head-to-head went McCain John and Hillary when happened What numbers. the by 2015, more: and wishes, birthday 89,399 questions, hall town 524 states, 38 https:… photos: the See different. no was 2015 Hillary. to special been always has NH @HillaryforNH: RT -H in: chip me, with you're If together. standing about money—it's than more about is deadline fundraising Tonight’s 2015: in saw trail campaign the on photographers What going! momentum the keep to 2016 before $1 in Chip Year! New Happy Party. Democratic the to $18M and campaign, the to million—$37M $55 than more gave people quarter, fourth the In in: are numbers The women. were donors of 60% than more and less, or $100 were donations quarter fourth our of 94% you. Thank campaign: this supported has who everyone To ever. than stronger year new the starts January. next office of oath the take Republican a let to afford can’t We → excited? is else Who @HillaryforNH: RT absurd. tuition—that's college than more costs care child states, some In family. a and job a both have to America in difficult too way It’s lady. first as accomplished @HillaryClinton knew never you things 7 @HillaryforNH: RT Hillary: about facts surprising more three grandma—plus winning Grammy-award a She’s House. White the in Democrat a with better does economy The facts: the with argue can’t You school? at violence gun from safe are brothers my and me sure make to going you are How asked: NH in man young A htt… cards! signed they while inside me inviting for supporters 11 these to grateful very - Waterloo in tonight 11 of Low @bmercergolden: RT all. at leave parental no get dads many too baby—and a having after weeks few a work to back go to have moms many that outrageous It's https:… violence. gun prevent to mission a 2015–on in off left she where right NH in 2016 starting is Hillary @HillaryforNH: RT done. job the get to takes it what has who president a need Americans NH. Derry, in 2016 of hall town first Hillary's LIVE: WATCH @HillaryforNH: RT ✔Immigration change ✔Climate violence ✔Gun on: progress reverse would President Republican A @HillaryforNH: RT sa… -Gun reform -Immigration rights -Bargaining rights -Voting community -LGBT Parenthood -Planned for: fight will Hillary @HillaryforNH: RT day. every face families American that issues the tackling about it’s rhetoric; or style about isn’t election This happen. that let can’t We progress. @POTUS's reversing in delight would president Republican A agree: you if name your Add lobby. gun the to up stand will who president a need We win. can we one is Alzheimer’s like diseases against fight the struggles—and our sharing in power is There http… away. progress any take would President GOP A violence. gun tackle to proposals have Hillary and Obama President @TheBriefing2016: RT violence. gun end to fighting surgeon trauma a he's Today, 17. at wound gunshot a after died nearly Sakran Dr. House. White the in families and children for fighter a need We you." need "We Hampshire: New of people the to @billclinton President @HillaryforNH: RT … –@billclinton that." doing want I who know I and Justices Court Supreme 3 and 1 between appoint will POTUS next "The @HillaryforNH: RT today. Hampshire New in @HillaryClinton for trail the Hitting @billclinton: RT HQ. at team volunteer the joins Olivia rights.” equal with women all help to up growing feminist little a “I'm https:/… higher." be couldn't stakes The made. we've progress the all undo to want just "Republicans Davenport: in Hillary @HillaryforIA: RT shot.” been who’ve children on operating keep to want don’t “I another. one respect and to listen people where place a to back get to got We’ve @BillClinton: than years 45 past the over career service public Hillary's watch to seat better a had one's No 💪 @HillaryClinton on –@billclinton Happen." Things. Makes. Just. She. doing: she's whatever is, she "Wherever @HillaryforNH: RT video: the Watch HQ. campaign at volunteer youngest the be to promise her on good made Olivia 12-year-old one. square to back go to have we’ll ACA, the up tear to promise their fulfill &amp; House White the win Republicans If poverty. in kids their raise to have should America in full-time working one No HQ. campaign at work to got volunteer youngest our when happened what Watch . true a She’s president! for @HillaryClinton endorse to proud We’re @NARAL: RT @ilyseh. &amp; @NARAL you, Thank ." champion that is Clinton Hillary and champion, a need We ally. an than more need "We -H away. it rip progress—not that on build to has president next Our violence. gun on forward step crucial a taking for @POTUS, you, Thank to. have we And violence. gun from communities and families our protecting while Amendment Second the protect can We right: is .@POTUS progress: that on build we how Here's . to action took just .@POTUS 47246. to VOLUNTEER text Hillary, with you’re If -@BillClinton you." with are who people the on fall or rise "You http… crisis. the before year a accountability Street Wall for called @HillaryClinton Reminder: @TheBriefing2016: RT preview: Sneak @hardball! on Hillary catch to tonight in Tune week. this Hampshire New in trail the on —@billclinton happen.” things makes just “She line. the on is together accomplished we’ve everything 2016, In -H @NARAL. support, your have to Honored decisions. health own her make to right woman's a protect always will I promise: a is This Hillary: met first he when from memories shares .@billclinton office. for run to her inspired who athlete the about @hardball_chris tells Hillary compete.” to “Dare trail: campaign the on stop first @billclinton’s from learned we What https://t… be. would president's GOP a what on bets your Place year. the for priorities top Congress’ GOP our are These @TheBriefing2016: RT debt. student your refinance to able be should you payment, car a refinance can you If that. end to need We students. college to lending of off money making is government the that disgrace a It's … cause! historic a for working team diverse this of part a be to proud Incredibly @iamdeepa: RT https://t… prejudice: &amp; racism addressing on @claynmiddleton alum Citadel &amp; director state @HillaryforSC from AM this Must-read @vxanand: RT @HillaryClinton @WSJ via on Focus New Proposing Clinton Hillary @hollyrpeete: RT mutual. feeling's The McKinnon! Kate birthday, Happy autism: with families support to candidate presidential a from plan comprehensive only the is This -H happen. that let can't We repealed. ACA the &amp; defunded be now would Parenthood Planned today, president were candidates GOP the of any If h… be? would POTUS' GOP a think you do What millions. from away care health taking was priority first Congress' GOP The @TheBriefing2016: RT agree: you if name your Add care. health to access on progress our defend to have We president: Democratic a have we thing Good Parenthood. Planned defund and Obamacare repeal to voted just Republicans health: women's for nightmare a be would president Republican a reasons more 3 and defunded Parenthood Planned 💯 technique: Selfie @HillaryforNH: RT autism. with Americans for difference real a make to plan a have should president be to wants who Anyone -H Alabama. includes that land—and the of law the is equality Marriage anything. of “cured” be to need don’t kids LGBT act. to need We now. right economy and families our threatens threat—it future abstract some isn't change Climate are.” they wherever bullies to up stand to important “It’s -H Parenthood. Planned defund would candidate GOP single Every president. Republican a under happen would what of preview a was Yesterday -H election. important this in support @PPact's have to Proud health. women's with interfere to tries who anyone or Republicans on take I'll House: White the to rights women's and Parenthood Planned on attacks their take Republicans let can't we reasons 4 … . on lead She'll @HillaryClinton! endorsing we're announced to excited We're @PPact: RT https… . of weeks 12 to up ensuring incl families, &amp; women for champion a be will @HillaryClinton President, As @SenGillibrand: RT pantsu… coordinate to soon Talk NH. in you See health. women's for champion lifelong a support to Proud .@HillaryClinton @CecileRichards: RT -H appropriate. Completely .@CecileRichards … millions. for care health back roll would House White the in Republican A clear: it made Yesterday @TheBriefing2016: RT … president. for running person qualified most the certainly is Hillary @billclinton: with agree you if Retweet @HillaryforIA: RT Hillary: endorse to tradition with broke @PPact Why stop. Full NRA. the of interests the than important more is families our of safety The violence. gun on take to decided America year the as remembered be should 2016 -H better. deserve We zones. school free gun end said @realDonaldTrump violence, gun from kids protecting on powerfully spoke @POTUS As leave? maternity and parental for plans your are What asked: Iowa in mother expectant An event: Hillary for Women Portsmouth our at @lenadunham and @AbbyWambach LIVE: WATCH @HillaryforNH: RT op-ed: Hillary's decide. president GOP a let to afford can’t appointments—we SCOTUS for moment make-or-break a It's –@AbbyWambach WIN!" WILL SHE THAT BELIEVE "I @HillaryforNH: RT House. White the in Democrat a with stronger is economy The confirms: report jobs new The president… next our for campaigning I and @lenadunham morning!! this Love @AbbyWambach: RT trail: the from updates for Follow today! Instagram Hillary's over taking is .@lenadunham Monday! on in Tune @TheEllenShow. on Up! Heads of game a in out it duked @tonygoldwyn and Ellen, Hillary, … Hillary" for vote to need you campaign, @HillaryforNH the for calling real, for like @AbbyWambach, is "This @samkelly16: RT candidate. Republican single every does so equality—and marriage opposes still Alabama in judge A dreams: their of way the in stand should nothing know they sure make to daughters his to letter a wrote father This 9th! February on vote every earn to hard working is @AbbyWambach Hillary, Like @HillaryforNH: RT communities. and families our of safety the of ahead interests NRA’s the putting are candidates Republican said. @AbbyWambach What generations. for Court Supreme the transform to power the have could president next Our family. and work of demands the balance to parents for easier it make to need We experience. Hillary's on speak @billclinton heard he until fence the on was Hampshire New in voter 19-year-old This https://t… win @HillaryforIA @HillaryClinton helping from us stop can't temperatures Sub-zero commitment. is This @gidonfeen: RT have. you history medical of kind what matter right—no human basic a be should care health Affordable ✔️ ✔️ Hampshire: New in Today @HillaryforNH: RT @HillaryClinton strong. game Pantsuit @CecileRichards: RT → @CecileRichards. &amp; @HillaryClinton with Manchester in event LIVE: WATCH @HillaryforNH: RT –@CecileRichards do." we than rights less have daughters our where future a facing be could "We @HillaryforNH: RT … stake. at what’s That’s president. health pro-women’s Our ? on assault the from Americans saving What’s @PPact: RT support. @ShuttleCDRKelly's and @GabbyGiffords have to Honored … person. that is @HillaryClinton lobby. gun the to up stand to enough tough president a need We @GabbyGiffords: RT . always to promised @HillaryClinton , at Today @HillaryforNH: RT volunteers! and organizers @HillaryforIA for match no is cold little A inspiration: Sunday taxes. their raising by families middle-class for incomes raise to going not We're matter. Priorities @TheBriefing2016: RT -@SybrinaFulton Hillary." is person guns] [on inaction to up stand will who president a need people "Young nomination. Presidential Democratic the for fights she as @HillaryClinton of support in stand to proud I’m @HectorBalderas: RT Ellen. with selfies talk and Up! Heads play Hillary see to today in Tune @TheEllenShow! at Backstage … generation." a in Wade v. Roe to challenge biggest "the case court Texas calls .@HillaryClinton @mayaharris_: RT FLOT… as publicly opposed she which , the access—incl. abortion to barriers on take to vowed .@HillaryClinton @mayaharris_: RT @ShuttleCDRKelly. and @GabbyGiffords you, Thank @amandadecadenet. with @TheConversation on out Find friends? with night a spend candidate presidential a does How rights. your of future the decide could people these of One —@theellenshow president.” a in want I that everything for stand "You @BrynneCraig: RT at —Hillary fear." and discord sowing are immigration enforce to tool appropriate an are raids think not do "I #… communities our in division and fear sow that roundups and raids conducting be not should we believes .@HillaryClinton @lorellapraeli: RT at —Hillary detention." family end to going am I centers. detention private end to going am "I at —Hillary system." justice] [criminal our in implicit is that bias and racism systemic have "We at —Hillary pipeline." college to cradle a need pipeline—we prison to school the disrupt to got "We've “YES” responds she Amendment Hyde the repeal to vote she’d if asked when .@HillaryClinton @BrynneCraig: RT at —Hillary body." her with do can she what woman a tell should government No right. human fundamental a are rights "Reproductive : tonight’s at Hillary … @HillaryClinton dice familiar," detención la con y detención de privados centros los con "Terminaré @lorellapraeli: RT system." justice] [criminal our in implicit is that bias and racism systemic have "We them. end should We communities. our among fear and discord sowing are raids Immigration prisons. private close and incarceration mass end to need We broken. is system justice criminal Our @TheEllenShow. you, Thank https://t.… here: us Join States. United the of President for @HillaryClinton endorse to proud are We @Bradybuzz: RT today! here be to Excited @HillaryforNH! you Thank @ChelseaClinton: RT harder.” pushes Clinton health—but reproductive on good both are Clinton and Sanders line: “Bottom @TheConversation. on Tomorrow act.” balancing delicate really a ’s the seeking woman a “As lobby. gun corporate the of interests the of ahead Americans of safety the put consistently Hillary .@BradyBuzz: candidate. #2016 strongest the as @HillaryClinton of endorsement our today announced : @UFCW: RT twist. new a well—with knows she chant a in us led @AbbyWambach champion world Hampshire, New in trail the On matters: that Why Amendment. Hyde the repealing supports she said Hillary , At ht… attended! who all and panelists the to Thanks Roundtable. Learning Early @HillaryforNH the at everyone meeting Loved @ChelseaClinton: RT made. we’ve progress the of all away rip will who justices with Court Supreme the stack could president Republican A children. kill to used rifle assault an making for not toy—but unsafe an making for company a sue can You Republican. a be it let to afford can't We Office. Oval the into walk will president new a now, from year A 6-year-old.” my victims—including violence gun honor will Union the of State the at seat open “An -H progress. his on build Let’s friend. my him call to Proud leadership. @POTUS' of because better is America done. we've work the all undoing forward—or pushing between choice a have We inevitable. isn't Progress right: is .@POTUS different. little a sound probably would next the 2016, in Republican a elect we If @TheBriefing2016: RT president. Democratic a under stronger country—are our economy—and Our know: we what confirming is .@POTUS → lie. don't numbers The @HillaryforNH: RT Republicans. of hands the into care health their put won't We ACA. the under covered are Americans million 18 @POTUS, to Thanks action. take will we And fact. a It's real. It's real. is change climate admit won't who president a afford can't We job. the That’s do. to needs president the what That's safe. country the and strong economy the kept has .@POTUS 2016. in one elect we if president, Republican A this? with disagree could Who @TheBriefing2016: RT deber. su Es hacer. que tiene presidente el que lo es Eso seguro. país el y fuerte economía la mantenido ha .@POTUS harder. not easier, voting make to need We @POTUS: with more agree Couldn't finance. campaign on thoughts different some have would Republican A matters: 2016 @TheBriefing2016: RT … rights. voting about different something hear might you , this giving were president Republican a If @TheBriefing2016: RT backwards. go it—not on build to need We progress. of years Seven agree: you if name your Add progress. @POTUS’ away rip Republicans let can't We gun stop to actions executive 27 jobs, new million 14 insured, million 18 numbers: the by .@POTUS America. in violence gun of epidemic the tackling to critical is lawsuits from immunity industry’s gun the Ending ht… plan. care health trillion $15 his out left just He today. agenda his for paying he's how out laid .@BernieSanders @TheBriefing2016: RT -H support. his by Honored General. Attorneys finest our of one was @EricHolder discrimination, challenging to rights voting protecting From it. to up stand or lobby gun the with Stand side: a pick to time It’s preview. disturbing a Here’s president? Republican a under like be Union the of State a would What https… @LifetimeTV. on ET/PT 10PM at 1/13 TONIGHT @HillaryClinton interview @AmandadeCadenet see to @TheConversation Watch @shondarhimes: RT this. than better We’re … packed! already is @dartmouth at one next the event, one finish can @billclinton President Before @HillaryforNH: RT … story. our is This years. 16 in time first the for father her see and Peru to go to got finally mamá Mi @lorellapraeli: RT —@billclinton known." ever I've changemaker best the she's March, this ago years 45 her met I time the "From one. square to back go ACA—not the with made we've progress the on build should We American. every for right a be should care Health https… → win to chance the for now name your Add Iowa! in YOU meet to wants @billclinton President @HillaryforIA: RT years. 16 in Peru to trip first mother's her and system immigration broken our of cost human the on .@lorellapraeli https… today Hillary of endorsement his on @EricHolder AG -Former results deliver will &amp; plans bold experience, the has She @mayaharris_: RT —@EricHolder country." the across families for results deliver to judgment right and experience the "has Hillary lot. A Hint: election. 2016 the in stake at what’s discuss to @refinery29 and @CecileRichards with down sat Hillary ⤵️ 2015 of hits greatest Republicans' Relive 2016. in first the is Tonight @TheBriefing2016: RT https… 🙌 @HillaryClinton - all." at right no is it access to measures extraordinary take to you requires that right "Any @CecileRichards: RT HillaryClinton) (👻: us! with snapping for Thanks @jimmyfallon. with time great a Always → good) not (spoiler: see to Follow president? Republican a under like look 2017 might What p… becomes them of one where future a from updates you giving be we'll 2017, for priorities their debates GOP the While @TheBriefing2016: RT wrong. is otherwise says who Anyone Americans. hardworking and Obama President to thanks off better country—are economy—and Our … plan. tax his on announcement historic a with Kasich President -- 2017 14th, August BREAKING: @TheBriefing2016: RT it. cutting not : future. the for policy foreign real a need We war-mongering. reckless and diplomacy cowboy to back go can't We http… strategy." our literally is "this says strategy, Regarding begins. campaign Carpet-bombing Cruz's : 2017 3, March @TheBriefing2016: RT commander-in-chief: be to unprepared totally are who candidates Republican 7 Meet @HillaryforNH: RT chief. in commander be to prepared side—who's either candidate—on one only There's Psst: it. on Count rights? Americans' protect will who justices Court Supreme and ACA, the Parenthood, Planned Supporting day. decision-packed in VRA of all down strikes SCOTUS 2017: 15, June NOW: HAPPENING @TheBriefing2016: RT America. of people the demonizing and shaming, insulting, by greater America make can't You truth: the Here's 47246. to FUTURE text you, terrifies 2017 in president Republican a of thought the If violence. gun from families protect also rights—and Americans' protect can We Amendment. Second the attacking Nobody's don't. can’t, who those do—and guns own responsibly can who those ensure would checks background Comprehensive 2017. in change will things some imagine we 2016, in Republican a elect we If @TheBriefing2016: RT http… decision. United Citizens expand to vote appointments SCOTUS new Cruz's President 2017: June, @TheBriefing2016: RT https:/… weekend! this @HillaryClinton from solutions and ideas real hear to up pumped you getting is the if RT @HillaryforSC: RT it. like act that—and know should president next The too. country Americans' Muslim is This hands. terrorists' into plays wrong—it just isn't Muslims against rhetoric Hateful enemy. our isn't Islam clear: be Let’s it: about something Do enough? Had teacher. kindergarten a as rate same the paying be never should CEO A tax? flat 10% A class. middle the for plans real no wealthy, the and corporations for cuts tax More : the at hearing really you're What → sticker. *free* your Get House. White the in Republican a afford cannot We wealthy. the for taxes cutting and Obamacare, repealing change, climate denying much: so on agree they but arguing, be may They years. 4 Imagine this? of hours 1/2 2 next! @fallontonight on Hillary Catch ? watching after laugh good a Need more. lot whole a and immigration, guns, climate, on progress @POTUS’ undo would president Republican A “No.” Hillary: you? intimidate Trump Does asked: .@jimmyfallon -H families. our for lives better building and resilience, tolerance, diversity, work, hard value Yorkers New right: Trump's once, this Just Hillary: about stories favorite his of one told @billclinton week, this Hampshire New in trail the On Hook. Sandy de masacre la en hija su a perdió Nelba sucediendo. sigan tragedias de tipo este que permitir podemos No primary: Democratic NH in Clinton Hillary endorse Foster's Herald, Portsmouth @HillaryforNH: RT care: health to access have women all ensure to How funding." more get even Parenthood Planned see to like would "I overturned. be should Amendment Hyde The care. health deserve women Low-income right. a isn't it exercise to opportunity the without right A glimpse. a Here’s president? Republican a under like look country our would What Thank… . the for campaign @HillaryClinton's with out hang to Carolina South in weekend this spend to excited I'm @raymondbraun: RT rights: reproductive and mansplaining, politics, on @CecileRichards and Hillary Clinton. Hillary and pancakes, chip chocolate Wars, Star are things favorite his and old, years 8 He's Fayde. Meet Sunday. on for ready gets she as Hillary from updates behind-the-scenes get to 47246 to BACKSTAGE Text president. of job the for Hillary interviewed .@jimmyfallon 👻 Sure! Hillary: Snapchat? a do we Can .@JimmyFallon: ❄ 📋 🇺🇸 Clinton! Hillary about neighbors to talk to off they're &amp; @ErolYayboke: RT personal.” incredibly is “This … @AngeliqueRoche Iowa in forces join @NARAL and Hillary for Feminists @ilyseh: RT on: sign agree, you If accountable. manufacturers gun hold and checks background universal require to wants .@POTUS @HillaryClinton! for to ready are ladies fabulous These @HilaArbell: RT outrage. an is Michigan Flint, in water the with happening What’s week: this clear made Hillary → answer her Watch hat. a of out question reader @nytimes a picked Hillary … @HillaryforIA volunteers! @HillaryClinton enthusiastic of group a with Iowa through swing today's off Starting @madeleine: RT -H Levinson. Robert of return the for working keep must We Iran. from home coming are prisoners American that Relieved defunded. being from @PPFA preventing thing only the is president Democratic A -H wine! of glass that have Now Year. New the start to way great a What cancer-free. you're hear to news wonderful What @TUSK81 SC in —Hillary Republican." a be to it for afford can't Office—we Oval the into walk to going is president new a days, four and year one "In —Hillary gun." his bought he when through slipped shooter Charleston the that loophole the close to fight "I’ll —Hillary backward." us dragging from Republicans stop achieved—and we’ve everything protect will who nominee a choose to power the have "You -@cecilerichards champion." true one have we but race, this in friends of lot a have "We support. our need families their and autism—they with live Angelina like people of Millions poverty. of out millions lift help will wages Raising by. get to struggle to have should full-time working American No -H support. your for grateful So families! hardworking for wages raise to together fighting @SEIU, with stand to Proud @MaryKayHenry @AbbyWambach: from inspiration pre- Some @HillaryforNH: RT Hillary of memories favorite his of some shares —@billclinton better.” made she touched, she “Everything low. all-time an reached the at violence gun on answers The … Hillary's: of some on up Brush themselves. for speak Accomplishments @HillaryforSC: RT —@ChelseaClinton possible." is ground common when also but ground, her when knows who someone need "We cheers. some on in joins Mook Robby manager Campaign @HillaryforSC: RT tonight. the at Hillary from updates behind-the-scenes get to 47246 to BACKSTAGE Text Dressed! Best for Winter Jason @billclinton: RT -@EricHolder person.” that is Clinton Hillary Obama the protect is do to have we “What long." too for behind left been have who those everyone—including for rising incomes and working economy the get to have "We —Hillary on." it take to ready 'm the of aspects all do can who president a need "We done. it get to plan real a need We right. a be should care health affordable that agree all Democrats work." women's for pay equal getting "Finally, president: as days 100 first her in toward work will Hillary issues top the Among NRA. the from it: of proud she's and life her in F one received only has Hillary it? to up stand or NRA, the with stand we Will all: for and once choose to time It's —Hillary system." justice criminal our in racism systemic the address to effort concerted a be to needs "There terms. prison longer to sentenced and crimes, with charged police, by stopped be to men white than likely more are men black that wrong It's more. &amp; treatment, drug &amp; health mental increase offenses, nonviolent for sentences minimum mandatory incarceration—reform mass end must We lobby. gun the over families American put always always, will who president a need We —Hillary time." long a for this on worked I've care. health universal to committed absolutely am "I —Hillary it." improve and Act Care Affordable the on build and defend to us want I again. over start us see to want don't "I backwards. go shouldn't We America. and Party, Democratic the Obama, President of accomplishments greatest the of one is ACA The decades. for care health universal to committed been has Hillary right: is Sanders Senator ht… coverage. health expanding on made we've progress the of all back roll they'll Republican, a elect we If @TheBriefing2016: RT https:/… 1993. health universal for Congress of front in fighting Clinton Hillary Here's REMINDER: @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary ground." common find to time any at anyone with meet to anywhere go will "I American. every for reality a education higher quality make will who president a need We system." justice criminal our in racism systemic the address to effort concerted a be to needs "There —Hillary jail." to big too individual no and fail to big too bank no be should "There done. it get She'll Dodd-Frank: protecting and Street Wall on Taking @TheBriefing2016: RT action. taking of instead it deny who'd president a afford can’t We real. is change Climate Hillary. That's safe. America keep and world the in lead to expertise and experience the with president a need We chief. in commander next our choosing about also president—it's a choosing about only not is election This terrorism. defeat to plan real a needs she or he year—and a in office take will president next The real. are face we threats The not. or safe, world the keep to leaders other with working experience of years with president a elect choice: a have We —Hillary it." about something done have would we water, contaminated drinking been had Detroit of suburb rich a in kids the "If outrage. an is Michigan Flint, in water the with happening What’s House. White the in champion a deserve America of women The now: it say we'll but , at questions No made. we've progress the on build and defend will who candidate one only There’s her. with I'm how. and do to going she's what says @HillaryClinton matter. Details @billclinton: RT important. too is Americans of millions for care Health progress. @POTUS’ undo to afford can’t We @HillaryClinton — are." we who matter no injustice and bigotry and racism by diminished all are "We @HillaryforSC: RT SC Columbia, in —Hillary issue." rights civil a It’s issue. health a just isn’t water and air clean have Americans all sure "Making unacceptable. absolutely That’s year. a than more for water lead-poisoned drinking been have Flint of children The 47246. to WATCH text in, want you If edition. night debate Hillary, from Texts -H today. fight our still is system justice criminal our in and opportunity, economic in education, in equality for fight King's Dr. ht… country! the across service in participated who all for grateful &amp; of honor in today lunches packing Enjoyed @ChelseaClinton: RT Iowa! to weeks Two agenda. backward their stop and Republicans to up stand to able be to has president next The https:/… ! the for prepare they as team her and @HillaryClinton with Vlogging VIDEO: NEW @raymondbraun: RT https://t… SC Orangeburg, in work organizing 🔥 @Reggie_Abraham's on story front-page great today's Read @vxanand: RT ET! 9pm at tonight @maddow on Hillary Catch man?” a as much as paid be you’ll president, you’re when that think you “Do career. entire her issues progressive for fighting been Hillary's Immigration. prevention. violence Gun care. Health -H support. your have to proud another—I’m to "HRC" one From equality. LGBT for courage great and persistence with fought have You .@HRC … fight our continue to need we champion the @HillaryClinton, with stand to proud is .@HRC @ChadHGriffin: RT @HRC via equality LGBT on comments @HillaryClinton favorite 5 Our @HRC: RT -H deportation. of fear without live and together stay can families so upheld be should action .@POTUS' leader." world a being of job the to experience of amount tremendous a bring can who person one the is "She interests. special from them defend to champion a need families American brothers. Koch The pharma. Big NRA. The dignity. and rights equal with treated are people transgender ensure to continue must equality for fight Our President: for Choice' 'Clear Is @HillaryClinton Says Davis Jordan of Mother @BET: RT @HRC. you, Thank … @hillaryclinton! endorses industries, wood-products and construction the in workers 500,000 representing UBC, @nbudzinski: RT supported. and loved be to need they “cured,” be to need don’t kids LGBT sick. gets family your in someone or baby a have you when job your or paycheck your about worry to have shouldn't You Michigan. Flint, in happening what’s at outraged be should American single Every now: name your add House, White the of out them like Republicans keep to want you If back. Trump's got Palin's Sarah -H colleagues. and family Braden's to out goes heart My tragedy. terrible this about hear to sorry so I'm -H on? taking you're "establishment" the of part are @HRC and @PPact like groups that say you can How Sanders? Senator Really affordable. more care health and care, child college, make to have we ahead, get to families American want we If @HillaryClinto… on @billclinton -President job." whole the do to President, be to running person qualified best the "She's @HillaryforNH: RT top. the at those just not Americans, all for fight will who president a need We science. the ignores who president a afford can’t We people. our and planet our hurting It’s real. is change Climate made. we've progress the on clock the back turn history—or make we’ll year, one exactly In @billclinton –President issue." economic an issue–it's moral a just isn't this Hillary, "For leave: paid On @HillaryforNH: RT -H me. to personal That's it. dismantle or legacy, @POTUS' on build to start will president new a today, from year A Hillary. against blitz ad an launched have managers fund hedge billionaire two that surprise no It's that. afford can't We President. GOP a in swearing be could we year, one In @TheBriefing2016: RT for. fighting all we're what of reminder A debate. national contentious another with over start not Act, Care Affordable the on build and protect to need We going: it keep can we how on Hillary remarkable. is @POTUS under made we’ve progress The out." knocked be to refused but down knocked been ever who's everyone for fighting "I'm -H better. deserve teachers and students Detroit suburb. wealthy a in conditions these tolerate would one No made. we’ve progress the on build and done things get can who about is election This away.” go to going that's something isn't “This Flint: of Mayor h… Iran. and ISIS for plans @BernieSanders' to responds Sullivan, Jake Advisor, Policy Foreign Senior Clinton's Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT United: Citizens reverse to time it’s why on Hillary heard. voice your make to rich be to have shouldn’t You now. reform commonsense need that—we than better We’re year. every guns by killed are people 33,000 —@cecilerichards House." White the in fighter a need we statement; supportive a or vote a than more need "Women @ilyseh -NARAL's absence." their do as — matter words rights, reproductive to hostile this landscape political a "In … @JessLivMo @AdamParkhomenko !!!! w joining is OLIVIA only and one The @stephaniesyoon: RT here: RSVP there!! all you see to Hope 😜😜 tonight!! City Iowa in @HillaryForIA join to excited So @ddlovato: RT her!" with "I'm scream students stage—and the takes .@ddlovato @HillaryforIA: RT @ddlovato Amazing. Is. This. @HillaryforIA: RT -@billclinton somebody." for happen good something make can't you that Office Oval the in day a never is "There Garner Eric of mother Carr, Gwen life." his remember I but death, son’s my remember people "Most caucus: the win Hillary help to how on email daily a get to name your Add Iowa! to days 10 relaxing. so shows makeover home finds she why Here’s too! does, Hillary @HGTV? Love … . done. job the get will Hillary why on @lisapjackson &amp; Browner Carol Administrators @EPA Former @johnpodesta: RT over. from far is rights reproductive women’s for fight The back. us take Republicans let to far too come We’ve … @JeanneShaheen! &amp; @HillaryClinton @NARAL, with tonight anniversary the celebrate to Amazing @mintimm: RT @Hill… for ready is NH that signal strong a sending we're voters, of full room a w/ , of anniv 43rd this On @NARALNH: RT … both." for champion a is @HillaryClinton &amp; women for equality economic to key is freedom "Reproductive .@ilyseh: @NARAL: RT -H many. for reach of out access abortion keep Hyde like laws And courts. the and states in threats facing is later, years 43 -H is. it until up give never I'll it. afford can who those for luxury a not all, for reality a be should freedom Reproductive before. ever than vulnerable more is America in rights reproductive of future the , On help. can you how here’s you, without it do can't Hillary caucus! Iowa the to days 10 Just agree. you if RT @HillaryforNH: RT now." right progress making start and sleeves our up roll to need can't met I've people "The … @HillaryforSC in here campaign the of days 35 last the ROCK to ready Cola of fellows gotv the Meet @brandonspeak: RT https:/… support. of words kind and courtesy her appreciate I responded. 1 only but candidates, presidential many invited I @GeorgeTakei: RT laws? gun our in loopholes the about know you do much How change.” climate fighting to committed she’s know we how Here’s Clinton. Hillary with worked “We https://t.… Berlin in day every canvass &amp; friends best they're now @HillaryforNH, for volunteering met Louise &amp; Louie @kgrohh: RT video. this sees caucus-goer every sure make to Iowa—RT to days 9 minus T @adinofacollege) (📷: champions! are you today: cold the in canvassing volunteers the all To state. of secretary woman first the humanitarian—became and author, diplomat, @madeleine—a 1997, in Today … experience: knowledge, needed has @HillaryClinton board: editorial Register @DMRegister: RT Hillary! endorsed @DMRegister the news: good the spread to RETWEET @HillaryforIA: RT -H caucus! the to days support—9 @DMRegister's the have to Honored day. every families American and Iowans for out heart my work I'll wages. raising to commit let's Month, During lunch. reduced-cost or free for qualify students school public of 51% -@EricHolder Obama." President of progress the on building from away shy can’t president next "Our rights. voting protect and system, finance campaign our fix United, Citizens overturn to need We democracy. our reclaim to time It’s … president! for @HillaryClinton endorsed has Monitor Concord The BREAKING: @HillaryforNH: RT https… @HRC! by endorsement @HillaryClinton the celebrating Iowa in here He's AM! this coffee at @JimObergefell hero Met @jamieleecurtis: RT you. for fight will who president a deserve love—you you who or like, look you what are, you who matter No 👻hillaryclinton! at along Follow account. Hillary’s over taking is @CoryBooker, senator, Snapchatting favorite Our over. are issue" "women's a as gap pay the dismissing of days The 2016. It’s woman’?” first the was ‘she beyond presidency your about say to going children our are “What IA! Marion, you, Thank … @HillaryClinton to go should Hampshire New endorsement: editorial .@GlobeOpinion @BostonGlobe: RT inequality. gender confronting without inequality income confront can’t You position.” entry-level an not is presidency “The nurse. a or teacher a than rate tax lower a pay should manager fund hedge Street Wall No yesterday. @CoryBooker with Rapids Cedar in lunch for stop quick A → here! caucus to how Learn Iowa? in Live does. who someone with share to ☝️ this ☝️ Retweet caucus? the out get help to want but Iowa in live Don’t https://t… win. will she that believe I win. will she that believe I win. will she that believe I believe. I I. @HillaryforSC: RT … Iowa in night last trail campaign the on @HillaryClinton joined HRC @HRC: RT ashamed. be should these like Companies health. people's of way the in get greed letting for excuse no is There week. One committe… remains @HillaryClinton because Fund. Defense Children's the w/ was school law after job first Hillary's @alfranken: RT Hillary. elect to can he everything doing from Patrick 17-year-old stopping isn’t yet vote to able being Not afternoon this @HillaryClinton for up fired is Oskaloosa in crowd Capacity @gwenrocco: RT work." our for deserve we pay equal the women paying start we if incomes raise can "We Iowa! to trip @corybooker’s from moments best the See too!). can you (and Iowa to texts sending are America over all People -H help. for ask to afraid be to have shouldn't water drinking safe clean, need who Families Heartbreaking. -H today. SCOTUS from news Good people. young for especially chances, second of nation a are We ayuda. pedir de miedo tener deberían no limpia agua necesitan que familias Las tristeza. Una done. it get will who candidate one only there’s progress, Obama’s President on building and protecting to comes it When —Hillary backwards." us take and progress our away rip Republicans the let to not can possibly we everything do to got "We've —Hillary insults." talking issues—they're talking not is side other "The Obama. Presidente el por alcanzado progreso el continuar para preparada está y experiencia de décadas tiene Hillary —Hillary inequality.” after going of record 40-year a have "I —Hillary choice." first the resort—not last the be should action "Military job. the That's safe. country the keep and families, for fight economy, the strengthen to has president The that. than better We're communities. our demonizing and demeaning, insulting, by greater America make don't We —Hillary respect.” with treated be to deserves country this in person "Every respeto. con tratada ser merece país este en persona Cada … —Hillary me." about things nice really say [Republicans] office, in actually I'm "When @TheBriefing2016: RT message." this approved always I've and Clinton, Hillary "I'm @just_jenna: RT … → House White the in woman feminist a deserve girls &amp; Women today! @HillaryClinton endorse to proud We're @FemMajority: RT other. the understanding without one for fight can't You hand. in hand go equality economic and equality Gender 💌 card: commit custom your with Say Hillary? with stand to Ready -H know: should you What research. and funding education, health public of importance the underscores virus Zika The pública. salud la de financiación y investigación educación, la de importancia la destaca Zika virus El so: say Hillary, with you're If here. almost are primaries and caucuses The it: is This by. get to just clock the around work to have should one No 🎉 card own your with world the Tell 2: Step → Hillary for caucus or vote to Commit 1: Step inequality. income fighting of record her about Hillary asked voter young a , the At one: Step Hillary. elect help can you 99, or 9 you're Whether top. the at those just everyone–not for works that economy an need We @HillaryforNH: RT Hillary. for caucus or vote to Commit back. us take Republicans let to far too come We've -H to give able, are you If action. to us spur hearts—and our all break should Flint in happening What's them. advance to but rights, reproductive protect to just not can she everything do should president A poverty. of out families lift to incomes raise to need We https:… WH. in is she when it on build will @HillaryClinton meals. school in kids auto-enroll to innovation for @POTUS Kudos @Ann_OLeary: RT state: your in caucus or vote to commit and Say fast! up coming is caucus Iowa The → here vote to Commit 9. Feb. on @HillaryClinton with stand you'll if RT @HillaryforNH: RT Iowa! to days 5 system. education our stalks Inequality -H it. repeal to time immunity—it's against voted I Americans. endangering for accountable held be should makers Gun Iowa: in win Hillary help bucks five your ways few a are Here . to days 5 https://… before. @POTUS been ever have who women no are there learning to reaction daughter's My @hazelhexel: RT you. for fight will who president a deserve from—you come you where or like, look you what are, you who matter No -H persecution. fleeing those help &amp; rights, human advance hate, confront to obligation an have we day, every &amp; Today back. go can’t We risk. at lives puts violation—it a just isn’t them Denying rights. human are rights Reproductive @sarahhwang95) (📷: Hillary: with you're Say Iowa. in un-knocked door no Leaving immunity: gun repeal to need we why on @RepAdamSchiff and @SenBlumenthal enough. long shots the called has NRA The -H all. you Thank today. Philadelphia in country the across from leaders faith with community and reflection of moment a have to Grateful caucus: Iowa the before saying people of thousands Join on… impression lasting a left &amp; us encouraged &amp; inspired U night. last @MotherBethel you host to Honored @HillaryClinton @markkellytyler: RT win! will 👇 she that believe you if RT @HillaryforNH: RT problem: diversity Oscars’ the on —Hillary reality." our with up catch to has Academy "The tracks. their in health women's on attacks stop will who president a need women that proof More -H you. Thank know. you than more means It campaign: this support to voice their raising everyone To —@IAStartingLine times." political crazy these in accomplished things get to how knows she clear “It’s today: vote to commit and back her got you've know her Let @HillaryClinton! with I'm @JulianM: RT stop. to needs it And wrong. is It unjustified. is pricing drug Predatory https:… here: right @HillaryClinton for vote to Commit Carolina. South in Day Primary to days 30 @HillaryforSC: RT them. stop will we and wrong, are They pricing. with patients gouge that companies pharmaceutical after go will We 🎳 stop. campaign unusual this behind story great a There’s progress. that protect to has president next Americans—our of millions for coverage care health secure to hard worked .@POTUS ) caucus: to where confirm (Iowans, days! Four … : why is This @HillaryClinton. like friend a have to am I as lucky as is everyone hope I @MarySteenburgen: RT 4724… to QUIZ Text anyway. his from ideas their of rest the tell can't probably you but , at be not may Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT woman. your Hillary's made, has Obama President progress the on build and protect to want you If right: thing one has The toma… para 47246 al GOP Envía republicanos? candidatos otros los de ideas las de Trump de ideas las diferenciar ¿Puedes @TheBriefing2016: RT force. in out be will rhetoric out-of-touch and ideas backwards same the bet can you —but the at stage on isn't Trump Donald presentes. están ideas sus , el en participando está no Trump Donald Aunque terrorism. defeat to strategy a aren't chest-beating and Bluster again: it say will before, it Said . the at luck of out You’re change? climate of threat global the combat they'd how discuss candidates presidential hear to Want chief: in commander be to unprepared totally are who candidates Republican 7 Meet America. in place no has it terrorism—and against tool a isn't rhetoric Islamophobic too. country, your is This Americans: Muslim religión? su por sólo personas a discriminar valores nuestros de contra en va ¿no Republicanos, los para pregunta buena Una Office. Oval the near them let can't We Parenthood. Planned defunding about bragging at candidate first the is: it There president. Democratic a Act: Care Affordable the of repeal &amp; Republicans between standing thing one only There's clear. it makes DAPA. and DACA protect would who anyone is So tonight. stage the from missing candidate only the isn’t Trump ciudadanía. la hacia camino un con migratoria reforma una apoya Hillary solución, ninguna ofrecen no Republicanos los Mientras immigration your to closest who's over fighting all they're When @TheBriefing2016: RT @JebBush: go, you Here . at rights reproductive or leave, paid pay, equal supporting anyone find won't still hard—you real Look health. own their about decisions make stage—should on politicians the of any Women—not rights. human are rights Reproductive fighter. a need We House: White the in ally an than more need women abortion, legal and safe attacking Republican every With safe. us keep or families strengthen to plans real no bickering, of Lots : agree: you if name your Add past. the in us failed that policies to back us take Republicans let can’t We … one. this behind get him let can't tonight—we podium his on bailed Trump if matter Doesn't @TheBriefing2016: RT -H teacher! your and family, your you, for achievement an Cedrick—what Congrats, htt… County Lee in here excitement and turnout Incredible Iowa. across &amp; Keokuk in here us for fighting She's @adinofacollege: RT —@Lilly_Ledbetter action." need they rhetoric; than more need country this across "Women now.” stopping not I'm country—and our and families, children, for fighting life my spent "I've -H work. at shortchanged color—aren't of women women—especially sure making is @POTUS Thrilled it: miss Don’t today! @billclinton to account Snapchat her over handing is Hillary … history make @HillaryforIA help to response in I'm why me asking keep Michigan in back People @tberry456: RT were. certainly ideas his —but latest the at wasn’t Trump card: commit custom your with Say ! the before Hillary with stand to chance your miss Don't : Say . to days Three us! for fighting is .@hillaryclinton @rsemmel: RT place: better a world the make to her allows knowledge @HillaryClinton's believes Danson Ted @HillaryforNH: RT photos. amazing 100 in campaign, This https://t.… @TrumanProject @VeteransforHill @HillaryClinton NH. done this get Let's @TJmyked: RT president." woman a seeing to forward look incredible many seen have “I IA. Newton, in heart to Heart … @HillaryClinton for Davenport in here counting and 1500+ balcony! the from view A @Burgwinkle: RT percent." 100 to get gotta covered—we percent 90 are We right. basic a is care "Health pierdas! lo te ¡No htt… @HillaryClinton why experience!That's MOST the with person the want I leadership! strength, Experience, @jamieleecurtis: RT again. Street Main wreck Street Wall let not will We clearly: and loudly say to need We @HillaryforSC today!! goals all exceed to ready are students college Our @Reggie_Abraham: RT ⬇️ video new the Watch met." ever I’ve changemaker best the "She's Hillary: for argument closing .@BillClinton's … primaries: Democratic the for Clinton Hillary endorses board editorial Times The @nytopinion: RT now: Commit caucus! Iowa the before her with standing you're Hillary tell to out running is Time Nashua! you, Thank Wow. along: Follow today! Iowa from account Instagram our over taking is .@ChelseaClinton NH. Hanover, in friends Making today. Ames in boxes Lily's of all checked .@HillaryClinton @realKateWaters: RT http… caucuses! Iowa the for preps she as @HillaryClinton with trail campaign the on Back VID: NEW @raymondbraun: RT —@nytimes history.” modern in candidates presidential qualified deeply and broadly most the of “One @HillaryClinton for doors the hitting before up fired members Iowa SEIU getting .@MaryKayHenry @SEIU: RT campaign: the of months 10 first the on Hillary me." with stuck has days early those in heard I "What kids.” our for deserve and want all we America of kind the for fighting keep and day single every up get will “I -H there. out Flints other many too are there unconscionable—and is Flint in happening What’s AR: in kids for work Hillary's on @billclinton happen." good something made just anything—she to elected wasn't "She … us: Join @HillaryClinton. w/ standing are I &amp; .@ShuttleCDRKelly @GabbyGiffords: RT day! the of event last our for stage the hit to About @ChelseaClinton: RT name.” to care you’d subject any much pretty on homework her done has Clinton “Mrs. —@billclinton life." my in met ever I’ve changemaker best single the She’s Hillary: about know I what "Here’s -H Guo. with stand remain—I should center This rights. human are rights Women's today: true 1995, in Beijing in True over. are firefighters or nurses, teachers, than rate tax lower a paying millionaires of days The voice: one with say Let's … @AshaCastleberry @HillaryforNH Rochester in doors on knocking of @WPalisoul: RT —@gabbygiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But, me. for hard is “Speaking https… @HillaryClinton! for to night Monday on return will Hundreds High. Washington at 1,100 @DianaBonete: RT career. her of one day since families and kids of lives the improve to Fighting moment. the capture to Iowa Rapids, Cedar in backstage Pausing selfie! family the see to Instagram on Hillary Follow … today! alone shift first the in doors the on out volunteers 1591 @HillaryClinton. for home it bring to ready Iowans @Michelle_Kleppe: RT —@billclinton her." of because learned and lives, better "have people of Thousands Clinton: Hillary support workers Union of Millions reminders: some eve, Caucus Iowa On @Lee_in_Iowa: RT … members team precinct 2300 over and them) of all that's ( Captains Precinct 1681 has @HillaryforIA say to Proud @mhalle: RT affair. family a is caucusing couple, Iowa this For people." our of minds the on what's to listen really to is do to has president a believe I "What Iowans? few a to talking by Hillary help you Can Caucus. Iowa the until go to hours 24 than Less it: is This Hillary From: Iowa To: -H you. with We're today: country the around and home to close violence gun of victims remembering SC across congregations To hours! 24 in starts The @HillaryforIA: RT Iowa! this do Let's @Burgwinkle: RT tonight Moines Des in here friends close few a Just @gwenrocco: RT here: Caucus—watch Iowa the before rally last the from live @billclinton and Hillary miss Don’t knows: she sure make back, her have you If away. hours 24 than less is Caucus Iowa The Iowa. history, make Let's caucuses. the before rally final the to April in roundtable first the From Iowa. in scenes the behind you take to Snapchat Hillary’s over took .@billclinton now: Say Hillary? with stand to Ready day! the Today’s . with tweeting by why know her let Hillary, with standing you're If day! It's pm: 6:30 at caucus to where know family and friends your sure make and , say to RT ! the is Today one. this with strong is Force The known. ever he’s changemaker” best “single the Hillary’s why explain to stories three shares .@billclinton -H legacy. the on carry who those recognize we and justice, for fought &amp; equality for sacrificed who those honor we , This https://t… here: location caucus your victory--find to road the on Hillary Join here! is day Caucus @emily0allen: RT . say to RT Hillary, with standing you’re If today! is it—the is This https://… us tell to to Go pantsuits. her love we yeah, And qualified. She's smart. She's @lenadunham: RT —@POTUS had." we've States of Secretary finest the of "one is Hillary this. for all—except it seen much pretty has Steininger Ruline Iowan old, years 102 At … final our for shines sun the today but , on shine always doesn't sun The @LydSalt: RT you. on counting She's 6:30 by there get to plan a make and location caucus your find to 47246 to CAUCUS Text Iowa! here, is Day Caucus Iowa. Moines, Des in Day Caucus on break Coffee heart." my all with believe I you, told I've everything discount—but love the remarks these give to entitled "You're https… here: location caucus your up Look Day! Caucus is knows—TODAY everyone so Retweet @HillaryforIA: RT @HillaryClinton @HillaryforIA back. her got we've and day, big the Today's @chelseakcarrier: RT Iowa. in scenes the behind @billclinton with moments few A now. right lives their in difference a make and sleeves her up roll to president next their need Families wait. can’t America this: 3—watch 2, 1, as easy as is Hillary for Caucusing hours! three in begin caucuses The Iowa: Hey, results! the after campaign the from hear to first the of one be to 47246 to TONIGHT Text solutions. real for call they and urgent, are they serious, are back families American holding are that problems The this: Retweet tonight? for caucusing they’re who sure not who’s Iowan an Know day. single every winning and heart with organizing been has @hillaryforIA Team … ) → go to where check (Double 6:30pm? by location caucus your at be to ready you Are @HillaryforIA: RT → pm! 6:30 by there get and location caucus your Find 🎉 Iowa! caucus, go to time It’s … 344-4550! (515) call location), caucus your need (or the about questions have you If @HillaryforIA: RT it. at they're while history make even may president—and next our choosing of process the start officially will Iowans Tonight, caucus! still can you 7pm, by line in you're knows—if everyone so RETWEET @HillaryforIA: RT . tweeting by why know her let Hillary, with standing you're If begun! has The it: is This … history. making to close so We're end! the until stay strong—and stay caucusing, still you're If @HillaryforIA: RT Iowa in —Hillary grateful." deeply am state—I this of friends and families the "To —Hillary child." and woman, man, single every for coverage care health universal of job the finish can we that know "I —Hillary people." young of backs the off debt student get and affordable college make can we that know "I —Hillary rights.” workers' rights, immigrants' rights, voting rights, gay rights, women’s rights: our protect can we know “I —Hillary successful." made—be we’ve progress the away rip to efforts divisiveness—their [Republicans'] let not will "I —Hillary you." for fighting keep will I you. for up standing keep will I life. entire my done I’ve what doing keep will "I House. White the to way the all side her on you're if RT -H Iowa. you, Thank heart: my of bottom the From Iowa. en todos de esfuerzo el corazón su de fondo el desde agradece Hillary possible. this made You campaign. this support to all your gives who everyone to grateful So luchando. continuaremos Mañana Iowa. en tanto trabajaron que los todos a gracias Muchas know: her Let Hillary? with you Are made. History: up. it Sums … morning! this State Granite the to back @HillaryClinton welcome to ready is Iowa, in win a After @danielrki: RT ! till week 1 morning! this in @HillaryforNH for viz morning early Strong @r_kale: RT … for IA post up fired is team @HillaryforNH Valley Upper The primary! the until days T-7 @RossSvenson: RT primary! the to days 7 Iowa. in win historic a after NH Nashua, in speaks Hillary live: Watch you. for fighting She’s love: you who or practice, you faith what like, look you what are, you who matter No campaign. this of part next the for side her by be you'll Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text ✅ : … AP the by reported results on based 21, earn will Sanders and delegates Iowa’s of 23 receive to set Clinton @nytimes: RT the won she night the remarks Hillary’s you." for fighting keep will I you. for up standing keep will “I ht… (2/5) wealthy. the to breaks tax huge give and @PPFA, defund ACA, the repeal won who guy The POTUS, As @TheBriefing2016: RT … in Republican a afford can't We differences. of lot a not just There's field. GOP the in choices of lot a There's @TheBriefing2016: RT Iowa. you, Thank -H me. to world the means this Ruline, . the win to ever woman first the became just Hillary —@SenGillibrand families." and women many so to and me to important most issues the for fight will Hillary know "I sign! a that's Now @HillaryforNH: RT … see. can they so riser press the infiltrated We've Hillary. see to excited EXTREMELY are girls little These @megrooney2016: RT —@GabbyGiffords fearless." seems Hillary lobby, gun the of terrified downright "seem candidates other the While https://… . why Staters Granite tell &amp; w/@HillaryClinton stand to excited &amp; @ShuttleCDRKelly w/ NH in Backstage @GabbyGiffords: RT live! us Watch Hampton. in is .@HillaryClinton : on LIVE @HillaryforNH: RT before. has ever woman no what accomplished just Hillary caucuses, Iowa the at win historic her With too. are, you if RT days." "some to down results—boiled progressive of record 40-year A ahead. get and build, save, to able be should Families increase. tax a not raise, a needs class middle The of. proud pretty we're days" "Some —@Astrid_NV afford.” cannot ones loved our luxury a [are] promises empty ultimately but “Appealing hit. press a not team, this of part you—you're beside fight to Honored difference. real a make activism and courage your .@astrid_NV responds: Hillary days.” “some progressive a been Hillary’s says .@BernieSanders @HillaryClinton endorse NV in DREAMers -- families" immigrant for choice best the is she because her with am "I @vvaldiv: RT families. American for results real get will who about be should "progressive"—it define to gets who about debate a be shouldn't This 1) days? these on you were what @BernieSanders, progressive," "real a who's about it make to want do you if Now, 2) itself. for speaks record Hillary's inequality, fighting to care health From progress. making is progressive a being of part important An 3) tweeting. keep to free feel Please that. doing keep She'll difference. a make to running point—she's a make to running not Hillary's 4) DREAMer —@Astrid_NV, inmigrante." comunidad la a apoya ella porque Hillary a apoyo "Yo … go! to stop more One Manchester. and Dover Derry, in day great A Manchester. in stage the takes @HillaryClinton @mvlacich: RT … force in out are they why out Find NV. &amp; NH in fire on are and Iowa in win @HillaryClinton helped .@SEIU @SEIU: RT services. health mental and Act Care Affordable the to comes it when over start to afford can’t We —Hillary them." about going of ways different have we goals; progressive same the of lot a share We issues. on focused "We've her. support not might who voters on —Hillary them." for be will I me. for be to have don't "They stake. at what's That's elections. buy to right corporations' rights—not our protect will that Court Supreme a need We stake. at what's That's them. expand to more do rights—and women's and rights LGBT on made we've gains the protect to have We … -@HillaryClinton repealed.” or away nibbled be it let not Wade, v Roe protect to sure make to got “We’ve @PPact: RT resort. last the be always should action military safe—but America keep to can she everything do must chief in commander The practice." of lot a had "I've Hillary: attacks?" right-wing against yourself defend to going you are "How Q: standing." be will I and standing still "I’m attacks: motivated politically of years facing on Hillary —Hillary jail." to big too is executive No fail. to big too is bank "No families. hurt that corporations after go to need We enough. not that's Street—but Wall on down crack to need we Yes, treatment. for substitute a not is Prison disorders. use substance address and system justice criminal our fix to need We —Hillary results." gets who progressive a am I lives. people's in results real produce to wants actually who somebody am "I —Hillary goal." my 's for results get to and made we've progress the on build to chance a have "We lobby. gun the on take to going are We violence. gun to year a Americans 33,000 lose to unconscionable absolutely is It over. start not progress, that on build to going are We Americans. of millions to coverage health brought has ACA The more. rights—and workers' rights, voting rights, women's rights, LGBT for fight to going We're equality. for do to more have We do. will we what is That lives. Americans' in difference real a make values—AND progressive for fight and big dream can We adicción. de sufren que los a tratar para más hacer quiere rehabilitación—Hillary la para substituto un es no cárcel La service. of life a living and humility, faith, on Hillary gratitude.” of discipline the “Practice -H campus. college a on violence and racism for excuse no There's it.” do actually and through follow will She something. do to going she’s say just won’t she president, “As story: family’s One balance. the in hang lives profit, for prices hike Valeant like companies drug When -H it. stop to need we and reprehensible is gouging Price reminder: another is today testimony Schiller's &amp; Shkreli -H profit. for hostage families holding companies drug to end an put would I president, As family: his for hopes his about Hillary to wrote dad new A … → of far so photos best the out Check start! great a to off is week The @HillaryforNH: RT http… ! why Staters Granite tell to Manchester in night last onstage going before w/@HillaryClinton bump fist A @GabbyGiffords: RT @Schriock1 —@emilyslist's women." American for deal huge "a symbolic—it's just isn’t Caucus Iowa the winning woman A caucus. Iowa the winning after NH in arrived she when Hillary for waiting was what is This Amen. @ShuttleCDRKelly. and @GabbyGiffords with Hampshire New in trail campaign the On like. looks progressives for day good a what is This tonight. Hillary on cheering you're if RT at —Hillary keep." cannot I that promises making not I'm and changes, those for wait cannot who people for fighting "I'm —Hillary do." to intend I what That's progress. makes who someone is progressive "A over. start Act—not Care Affordable the on build should We right. human a be should care Health agree. you if this Share progress. making about be should labels—it about debate a be shouldn't This reform. immigration and times, five Bill Brady the against vote to progressive very wasn't it labels, into get to going we're If @BernieSanders. there one, of club that in fun it's Hope @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary record." my change doesn't there or here quote a Cherry-picking done. things gets who progressive a "I'm @TheBriefing2016: RT it. do actually will plan Hillary's risk. Street Wall on down crack to need We keep." cannot I that promises making not I'm And [change]. for wait cannot who people for fighting "I'm again. ever economy our wreck Street Wall let cannot We banks. big the outside banks—and big the in risks dangerous tackle to further go to need We Dodd-Frank. have already We cumplir. puede no que promesas haciendo está no Ella resultados. necesitan que los por luchando está Hillary 47246. to ImWithHer text done, things get to wants who progressive a you're If families. hurt they when industries after go will We lobby gun The ✔️ companies pharmaceutical Price-gouging ✔️ Street Wall ✔️ today. face we terrorism of threat the defeat to plan a not is 2002 in vote a about Talking safe. us keep to plans and judgment, experience, the has candidate one Only chief. in commander the also is president The job. the of part is challenges policy foreign Navigating desk. her to come issues what choose to get doesn't president The . the at stage on chief in commander be to ready is who person one only is There presidenta. como haciendo continuaría que lo es eso y progrese país nuestro que para luchado ha Hillary House. White the in champion a deserve women reminder: a but , at this on questions No at we're while crisis water Flint the on action for calling —Hillary Emergency." An. Is. "This. unconscionable. is This color. of communities low-income there—overwhelmingly out Flints more are There citizenship. second-class for America in place no is There indignante. es contaminada esté Michigan, Flint, en agua el que de hecho El agree. you if this Share → now magnet free your Get Hillary. with stand to proud you’re that know world the Let tonight!!! calls 947 made volunteers AMAZING 21 Our @Brown_SFH: RT : the in up brought they’d wished she things the of some out called Hillary statement, closing her In grateful." days the hard how of "Regardless http… this! do world—let's the in voters powerful most the we're days, more 4 For ! shine, or Snow @laughtercrystal: RT https://t… States. United the of President the for @HillaryClinton endorses @NewtownAction Today, @NewtownAction: RT Congress. to elected woman American African first the became Chisholm Shirley 1968, In @HillaryC… for today trail the on @Stabenow &amp; @AmyKlobuchar @SenGillibrand friends my With us! stop ❄️won't snow little A @JeanneShaheen: RT -H me. with shared she life his of memories the carrying I'm Today birthday. Trayvon's on @SybrinaFulton with is heart My action.” been have would there water, contaminated drinking been had Detroit of suburb rich a in kids the “If : night's last at crisis water Flint the on Hillary Emergency.” An. Is. “This. # @etchaStech: RT kept. be can’t that promises for wait can’t We results. deliver will who president a need Families Hillary: for vote to Commit snow? little a primary—what’s Hampshire New the to days 4 💪 Manchester! in Dinner Club 100 the of ahead display full on is @HillaryforNH: RT ➡ win Hillary help to day each do to thing one you send —we'll Team Join primary! NH the until days 4 -H innuendos. false Enough it. expand I'll &amp; it, defend I'll always, As Security. Social cut won't I .@BernieSanders Dedication. → primary NH the before days 4 Manchester, in dinner the at speaks Hillary live: Watch NH in —Hillary this." into determination and dreams your pouring are volunteers of Thousands here. built we’ve campaign the of proud so "I’m … ! at stage the to States United the of President next the welcome you how is This @HillaryforNH: RT Y… for here We're agree: you if RT Club 100 at -@HillaryClinton YOU!" on quit won't I &amp; me on quit never Hampshire's "New @HillaryforNH: RT black?" and poor of instead white and rich were they if happened have it "Would crisis: water Flint the on Hillary —Hillary Washington." and Street Wall to reduced be can’t problems [our] Americans holding barriers the all down break to want "I —Hillary disabilities." with people &amp; immigrants, Americans, LGBT against discrimination sexism, racism, of barriers break to need also "We at –Everyone her." with "I'm @HillaryforNH: RT —Hillary them." achieve to how for plans stronger out laid I’ve believe I country—but our for goals progressive big, share I &amp; Sanders "Sen. Democ… NH up fired of 1000s of front in shoutout a @avajjackson Leader Team Clinton @HillaryforNH our gave just .@HillaryClinton @kgrohh: RT NH in —Hillary doer." a and dreamer a both be to have you that learned I’ve And done. things get to likes who progressive a "I’m —Hillary job." the of parts ALL do to able be to has president A job. this to bring would I judgment and experience the of proud "I’m right! That's ← difference." a make and sleeves her up roll will who President a want "You .@HillaryClinton: @JeanneShaheen: RT -H all. for leave paid —next, with accomplished we all of Proud paycheck. your &amp; family your between choose to have never should You vote: to commit and Say Hillary? with stand to Ready here! almost is primary Hampshire New The … @HillaryClinton! see to NH to CT from way the all drove students school high of group amazing This @rosenbergerlm: RT 47246📱 to NOTE texting by vote they sure make to voter NH a to nudge extra an Send ! to Time Alzheimer's." has she mom, my of care taking "I'm NH: Manchester, in backstage moment A Act. Care Affordable the replace or repeal can’t we why exactly is depression about story man’s young This @madeleine –Sec. world." the around reputation America's repaired she State, of Secretary was she "When @HillaryforNH: RT GOTV Concord @HillaryforNH at crowd flow over the up firing .@CoryBooker @lizmwester: RT at Hillary wait." can’t who people of millions the for fighting "I'm differences. of lot a not just There's choices. of lot whole a there's primary, GOP the In @TheBriefing2016: RT wait. can’t who people of millions the for fighting We’re mind. their on issues the about @NewEngCollege at students to talks Hillary @facebook: on live Watch equity… about issue an is This choose. to right the about talking consistently one only the is mother My .@ChelseaClinton: @HillaryforSC: RT Hampshire. New in trail campaign the on Hillary joined America in leaders working hardest toughest, the of Some Hampshire. New to days Three anything. of "cured" be to need don't kids LGBT @NYGovCuomo. done, Well … knocking! one the be might @HillaryClinton week: primary during door your answer to 45 # Reason @HillaryforNH: RT story: the tells Hillary softball. at hit first her got Chelsea when exciting got Things Hampshire. New Manchester, snowy in voters to talking and doors on Knocking ! the than better much so is agree: you if RT @HillaryforNH: RT go. we Here Confirmed. "leadership." as ACA the repealing &amp; immigrants of millions deporting describe candidates Republican When against." run to wants she person last the “I’m .@RealDonaldTrump: on. it Bring ? to reaction Only live. you where matter Hillary—no help to now right do can you thing one Here’s polls! the to heads NH until days 3 chance: your miss Don't primary! Hampshire New the before saying are people of Thousands minutes! 5 takes only Hampshire—it New in win Hillary help to way easy an Here's familia: una de historia hilo—la un de penden vidas astronómicamente aumentan medicamentos los de precios los Cuando … Beautiful. have. supporters @HillaryClinton passion and positivity the ❤️ gotta You @mayatcontreras: RT injustice. racial ending &amp; rights voting securing to life her dedicated Hamer Lou Fannie activist rights Civil hallway. the to out packed is church the - welcome wonderful a such for Flint you Thank @finneyk: RT live: Watch MI. Flint, in —Hillary luxury." a not is It optional. not is water "Clean https://t… residents. and Weaver Mayor with meeting @HillaryClinton - immoral" is Flint in happened "What @mayaharris_: RT immoral." is Flint in happened What both. is it though wrong, or unacceptable merely not is "This Flint in —Hillary up.” give not Do discouraged. get not Do good. doing weary grow not “Do today Flint in —Hillary America." of part other any of children the as precious as just are Flint of children "The … do? 2 me want u do what says She blame. 2 me want u do who say doesn't @HillaryClinton @carinsavel: RT explains. Hillary @billclinton? with football watch to like it What’s law.” the under equality deserve you and justice, deserve “You 📱! a need even don't You Tuesday. on vote to them remind and NH in supporters Hillary 3 Call ! to Time today: Commit primary! Hampshire New the before Hillary with you're say to chance last Your it: is This -H ahead. year the in prosperity and peace have you May Year! New Lunar the celebrating everyone to wishes warmest Sending Hampshire. New Manchester, in laughs and coffee, Pancakes, … @HillaryClinton support to here she's why That's up. grows she when President to wants Leaah @andrewmarkoff: RT https://t… lawyers NH says children," for president a be will Clinton Rodham Hillary Sec. president, US other any than "More @Ann_OLeary: RT along: Follow today! Hampshire New from Instagram Hillary’s over taking I’m @billclinton: RT breakfast: stop, First NH! from today Instagram Hillary’s over taking is .@billclinton into. come to generations next the want we future of kind the building about is campaign This ! why know them let and Facebook on friends NH your Find you. needs Hillary and primary, NH the Tomorrow's poisoned." was water Flint's years, two nearly for because here am "I ignored. been often too have concerns whose community a from directly hear to Flint to went Hillary Yesterday, together. both tackle to need we and inequality, racial about also is It inequality. economic about just not is gap opportunity America's https://t.… DEDICATION. on. her cheer to snow the in out trekked who supporters @HillaryClinton the all at Look @HillaryforNH: RT ! tomorrow—help votes NH ask. to is vote to someone get to way best The secret? a know to Want http… Hudson in event GOTV @HillaryClinton at it know NEVER you'd But emergency. snow a During Monday. on pm 8 @McClainJulie: RT live: primary the before rally last Hillary's Watch polls! the to head voters Hampshire New Tomorrow, NH in —Hillary things." good start to try to important it's think from things bad stop to president a for enough not "It's NH in —Hillary country." our and families, your you, for difference real a make to can I everything do and day every up get will "I daughter.” my about absolutely it’s election, this in vote I when And family. my about is it vote, I “When http… @RLopezNV @BlancaSprkls DREAMers fellow my and @RepGutierrez of support the with @HillaryClinton endorse to Proud @finallybrenduhh: RT Hillary: for canvass they why explain people 4 children." for fighting stopped never "She's hours: and location polling your Confirm time! the is now Hampshire, New @HillaryforNH: RT now: know her let Hillary, with you're If today! is primary Hampshire New The polls. the at you See Hampshire! New morning, Good you. on counting Hillary’s location. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text Hampshire! New here, is Day Primary US! CALL polls? the to ride a Need TODAY? voting about Questions @HillaryforNH: RT vote! Go Hampshire. New you, on counting They're House. White the in Hillary need we why today voting everyone remind to this RT day. your today's Staters, Granite … supporters! @HillaryforNH Derry soon, way your some Bringing coffee. hot some with up fuel to Time @ChelseaClinton: RT … location: polling your Find Madbury! in @HillaryClinton for vote my Cast @JeanneShaheen: RT . tweeting by why know her let Hillary, with you're If Day! Primary Hampshire New It's here: answers got we’ve today, vote to where or when, how, on questions have you If Hampshire! New Hey State. Granite the in homestretch the from Scenes … day! the is Today vote! to forget Don't today. Hampshire New in volunteers and voters to talking Great @billclinton: RT … @HillaryforNH Concord in here hearts our warms Hillary but outside, cold be may It @PPNHAF: RT them. achieve to plan they how in differ they goals—but progressive big of lot a share @BernieSanders and Hillary Hampshire. New in day primary on Hillary to hi say to in Checking help. can she how see night—and at up family one keeping what's hear to doors on knocking from break a Taking @laughtercrystal) (📷: ! with it tag &amp; selfie, an with pride voting your off Show Staters: Granite htt… me? Join made. we've progress the on build and protect can we so Hillary, for vote to card commit my signed just I @ImAngelaBassett: RT health. women’s on rest the above stands who candidate one There’s @CecileRichards: .@ppact's “Hillary”! Say Hillary. for argument closing @billclinton’s Watch met." ever I’ve changemaker best single the “She’s her: with you’re Say us! stop won’t cold Hampshire New The over. head then here, place polling your Confirm you: needs Hillary primary! NH the in vote to left time much Not made. has @BarackObama progress the protect will who ONE ONLY the is @HillaryClinton believe I 1. @ImAngelaBassett: RT today! primary the in @HillaryClinton for voted you if RT @HillaryforNH: RT -H onward. Now, built. you what for grateful so I’m volunteers: our to And you. thank Hampshire, New To congratulations. @BernieSanders, To lives." people’s in difference real a make that solutions real for fight to going We’re state. every in vote every for fight to going "We’re —Hillary solutions." for hungry They’re hungry. also they’re know I But be. to right every have they And angry. are "People top." the at those for stacked always that’s deck a not discrimination, not debt, back—not you holds nothing sure make to has president "A NH in —Hillary action." demands that injustice, by back held are America in anywhere people "When NH in —Hillary up." back get you whether it’s matters, that down knocked get you whether not "It’s NH in —Hillary $100.” than less giving majority vast the campaign, this to contributed have people 700,000 than “More campaign.” this for day every show you purpose and passion the deny to want who those are narrative—there the with fit doesn’t that know “I NH in —Hillary election.” this win then and nomination this win to going we’re reason the You’re here. we’re reason the “You’re hard. as twice fight to ready and Hillary with you're if name your Add here. we’re reason the You’re you. Thank campaign: this supports who everyone To her: with you’re her show to in pitch can, you If so. say and up stand to time the is now Hillary, with you're If → now magnet free your Get Hillary. with stand to proud you’re world the Tell know. her let tonight, Hillary with standing you’re If country. entire the to campaign this take we vote—now every for hard fought We beginning. the only is This together. election this win then and nomination this win to going we’re reason the You’re … president. for choice my is @HillaryClinton country. this lead 2 ready so is she and fabulous,smarter, She’s GM! @MsVivicaFox: RT u… with she’s because say: CONFIDENTLY can I w/@HillaryforSC, road the on time good?After you everybody, Hey @ImAngelaBassett: RT up. giving never families—and and kids of lives the improve to Fighting https:/… . reason one just That’s HBCUs. to billion $25 dedicate would that plan college a has .@HillaryClinton @sean_p_thomas: RT today. her with standing you're Hillary tell to 47246 to FIGHTER Text changemaker?" best the "Who's 2016: in choice the on @billclinton President @HillaryforSC: RT … hears she &amp; us taught 90's the that lessons the learned She's incarceration. mass ending on was SPEECH FIRST Hillary's @UzoAduba: RT Carolina. South Columbia, in pride with Glowing up. back get you whether it’s matters, that down knocked get you whether not It’s -H stake. at is by sit or change climate fight we Whether decades. for SCOTUS transform could president next The lives. people's in difference real a make that solutions real for fight to going We're my… Dropping DO. can @HillaryClinton only But willing. they're say others wanna, they say Others BELIEVE: I 15)Finally, @ImAngelaBassett: RT play. they role vital the and HBCUs reward and support should We country. our in teachers American African of majority the graduate HBCUs City. York New in office citywide hold to color of woman first the became @TishJames Advocate Public 2014, In -H fee. this drop should Cleveland heartless. is ambulance his for pay to family Tamir's Asking no-br… a one’s This innovation Increase 3. jobs high-paying Provide 2. gap wage gender the Reduce 1. will: More @twephanie: RT doing. he's what exactly knows He doing. he's what know doesn't @POTUS that fiction this with dispel Let's progressive.” measures, reality-based all by is, who someone and candidate, qualified most "The —@repjohnlewis one." be to prepared is she today, America in else anyone than "More -@GKButterfield own." our match ambitions "Clinton's jobs, creating to system justice criminal the fixing From -H @SenatorReid. Thanks, asylum. seeking children for counsel provide should We right: Absolutely life. her saved Obamacare surgery, emergency have to had woman this When this. for and Iowa, in work hard your of all Aditi—for you, Thank @AditiRao83 election. this in priority a is violence gun ending that insist should We tonight. her from expect to what stage—and the on it nailed Clinton Hillary times 5 know. her let to this RT ? tonight’s at on ⬇️ her Cheering Hillarycare." called was it Obamacare, called was it before know, "You campaign." my of core the at been has this why down—that's knock to barriers some have still we think "I effort. the leads who somebody but right, votes who somebody just health—not women's on leader a need We housing. and education, jobs, about talk to have also we reform, justice criminal about talk we When country." this in people million 12 or 11 deport to going not are "We → them Join contributions." small giving majority vast the donors, 750,000 than more have we that proud very "I’m risks. dangerous other tackle and further go to need We banks. big on down crack only to enough not It's back. Americans holding discrimination and sexism, racism, of barriers the down knock to need We chief. in commander be to ready is one Only . the at stage on candidates two are There 2016. in ISIS defeat to plan a not is 2002 in vote A experience. of *bit* a got @BernieSanders—she's Yeah, seriously. Like, clearer. be couldn't difference the policy, foreign On @TheBriefing2016: RT . a at debate for up be shouldn't accomplishments His deserves. he credit the get doesn't Obama President agree. you if RT $1: in chip president, be to person best the is Hillary think you If Hillary: be should it think you if name your Add in. sworn be will president next our January, Next country." single-issue a in live we believe not do I and candidate single-issue a not am "I h… things good make &amp; face we challenges the of all on take to candidate best the she’s that tonight showed @HillaryClinton @billclinton: RT @mayaharris_: RT ☝️ night last it missed you case In response: her of thought he what question—here’s a Hillary asked supporter Sanders Bernie A back. Americans many too holding discrimination have still we'd tomorrow, Street Wall with problems our solved we If grow. and financing get can they businesses—so women-owned and minority- businesses—particularly small support to more do to need We progress. his on build we'll leadership; his criticize can Some deserves. he credit the get doesn't .@POTUS us: Join @AndraDayMusic! &amp; @eltonofficial, @katyperry, with City Radio at concert the announce to Excited https… Info: concert! @HillaryClinton's at @katyperry &amp; @eltonofficial w/ Performing @AndraDayMusic: RT primary. Texas 1 March the in @HillaryClinton endorses News Morning Dallas @IanSams: RT these. like institutions support to billion $25 dedicates plan Hillary's leaders. finest our of some produce HBCUs https://t… HRC❗️ for concert a at @andradaymusic &amp; @eltonofficial me, Join her! with We’re YES. HILL. @katyperry: RT back. Americans holding barriers the all tackle to need We country. single-issue a in live don't We way the paving for Shirley Thanking @DeAraBalenger: RT 🔥🔥🔥🔥 snapchat. @HillaryClinton's for Living @Marv_Vien: RT Hillary: for vote she'll why on feminist socialist A out. knocked be to refused down—but knocked been ever who's everyone for fight a is This critical. is them Supporting opportunity. increase education—they quality a than more provide HBCUs Hillary: endorsed just Texas and Florida in newspapers largest the of few a Why @mySA ✅ @TB_Times ✅ @dallasnews ✅ president. issue single a have can't We country. issue single a isn't This @TheBriefing2016: RT https://… Hillary 4 Families Military &amp; Veterans of group amazing an w/ @RubenGallego Marine @jmurray20: RT America!" built families "working that crowd the tells .@HillaryClinton @SEIU: RT @TB_Times —The office.” highest nation's the for prepared is and November in win can Clinton "Only @HillaryClinton! support to here are Families Military and Veterans , Hey @shawnjvandiver: RT https… her." with stand I is. she And something. do we'll said: &amp; hand my held Hillary Columbine, at died father my "After @HillaryforCO: RT it. near them of any let to afford can’t we House—and White the for race the in left Republicans six are There ☀️ ! the for Colorado to Hillary welcome to outside day Gorgeous @HillaryforCO: RT Scalia: Antonin Justice Court Supreme of passing the on Statement LOUD! are they glowsticks—and their got have the at supporters Hillary The @HillaryforCO: RT —Hillary Court." Supreme the at House—look White the onto hold &amp; Senate the back take to is it important how of reminder a needed anyone "If —Hillary nominates." Obama President that replacement Court] [Supreme any block to pledged already that outrageous "It's —Hillary not." or it like Republicans the whether fact, a is 2017—that 20, January until States United the of President is Obama "Barack vote." to responsibility a has Senate the and justice new a nominate to responsibility a has president The consequences. have "Elections CO in —Hillary made." we've progress the all away rip and win doesn’t Republican a sure make to responsibility a have Democrats us of "All republicanos. los de propuestas las de defendernos pueda que presidenta una Necesitamos enough. seen We've . live-tweet to need bickering—no nonstop and proposals, policy foreign dangerous immigrants, Demonizing Court. Supreme the at look president, Democratic a elect to is it important how of reminder a needed anyone If Democrat. a be to night great Pretty @TheBriefing2016: RT agree: you if on Sign made. we've progress the away rip guys these of one let can't We : from Takeaway theirs. to up live to chance a American every give we unless potential its to up live can't country Our Day! Valentine’s Happy vote. to responsibility a has Senate the justice, a nominate to job his It's 2017. 20, Jan. until president is Obama saw. she what Here's Michigan. Flint, to Hillary with went @AmandaRenteria director political National graduate. black first @UofAlabama's became and orders segregation Wallace's Gov. defied Jones Malone Vivian 1963, In kept. be can't that promises for wait can't They need. they care health Americans of millions brought has Obamacare able: you're if in chip Please help. our need children those today, futures—and bright deserve Flint of children The exist. still that racism systemic of barriers down tear to need We families. white as often as 3x nearly mortgages denied are families Black https:/… her help to doors knocking I'm and country this of soul and heart the for fighting is .@HillaryClinton @Benjernst: RT it. afford can who those just not all, for reality a be should rights reproductive your exercise to ability The —@AmandaRenteria Flint." in through going are kids and parents what words in describe to hard "It’s @ImAngelaBassett. and @MsVivicaFox with trail campaign the on day A able: are you if give Please Flint. in now action need We -H violence. and hostility of face the in hope to testament Springs—a Colorado in re-opens Parenthood Planned Today, citizenship. equal full, to path a for longer any wait can’t We system. immigration our fix to have we then families, for are we claim we If today. stories these telling for you Thank violence. gun on act to time It's @IAmSteveHarvey: more, agree Couldn't work! hard your all for volunteers &amp; staff Ohio for Hillary to you Thank @ChelseaClinton: RT Nevada. Vegas, Las in Institute Cosmetology Expertise the from students with pose a Striking @HamiltonMusical.) job, (Great please? politics, to back get we Can -H Constitution. the in there right justices—it's Court Supreme nominate to job @POTUS' it's 2017, 20, Jan. Until 1 -H now. Americans for stakes urgent and real has This usual. as politics for occasion an not is vacancy Court Supreme the fill to need The 2 -H immigration. on actions executive @POTUS' on decide to SCOTUS for waiting are families of millions now, Right 3 -H Court. Supreme the before case a in stake at is vote” one person, "one of principle fundamental the now, Right 4 -H some. or all for reality a be will abortion to right the whether determine could Texas from case a now, right And 5 -H clock. the back turn or equality, and liberty of principles our uphold nation a as we whether determine could decisions These 6 -H low. new A @POTUS. from nomination SCOTUS any block to vowing in time no wasted Republicans balance, the in cases critical these With 7 -H disgraceful. it's righteous, isn’t duty your do to Refusing Constitution: the over politics put would who Republicans for news have I 8 -H nominee. SCOTUS a on vote to days 125 than more taken never has Senate The office. takes president next the until days 339 are There 9 -H 97-0. confirmed was Kennedy Justice too—and year, election an was 1988 year: election an is this that complaints for As 10 -H yours. Do job. his do will @POTUS vacancy. this Fill Republicans: Senate for message a So, 11 vote. to responsibility a has Senate the and justices, Court Supreme nominate to job @POTUS' It's theirs: do to Republicans Senate Tell justice. Court Supreme new a nominating by job his doing is .@POTUS votes. the behind stories are Here box. ballot the to journey own her or his has Everyone color. of communities back hold that barriers down break to need We enough. not that's but reform, finance campaign and Street Wall need We that. fix to need We rate. average the 2x almost at unemployment face Americans black Young do: would plan the what Here’s barriers. racial and economic facing communities help to billion $125 invest will We back. held being are that communities up lift to plans real need We inequality. combating about talk just can't We concert! the for tickets your Get place? one in @andradaymusic—all @eltonofficial, @katyperry, Hillary, discrimination. LGBT to racism systemic from face, we issues the all tackle will who president a need We families: black for barriers down break and racism systemic combat can we how about speaks live—Hillary Watch —Hillary opportunity." of ladders build &amp; Americans, African affect disproportionately that barriers down break we how about talk to want "I community. poor largely black, largely a in happen to allowed was crisis water Flint the that coincidence a not It’s on." all them take to got we’ve &amp; reinforcing, intersectional, They’re challenges. political and social, economic, of set complex a face "We —Hillary country." entire our fleecing with away get CEOs white but crimes petty for arrested get kids black when wrong "Something’s —Hillary racism." systemic of reality the to up facing by begin to have We immoral. also they’re but wrong, are inequities "These clearly." and loudly that say to got We’ve inequality. racial of problems are They inequality. economic of problems only not are "These be. to them want we as just not are, actually they as things see reality—to with grapple to responsibility a has vote your for asking Anyone better." do can we that heart my all with believe I But journey. own my walked I've mistakes; own my made ’ve to first the be "I’ll —Hillary follow-through." real with commitment full a but half-measures, system—not justice criminal our in reform end-to-end need "We custody." in dying or police by killed being Americans African of epidemic the end mass of crisis the fix to need "We —Hillary pipeline." cradle-to-college a need school-to-prison the dismantling work to get and sleeves our up roll "Let's —Hillary ourselves." it experienced haven’t who us of those us—especially of all from contributions requires racism systemic "Ending day." every face you that barriers unseen &amp; seen the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans "White —Hillary experiences." everyone’s are experiences our that assume than rather humility, practice and privilege our recognize to need "We —Hillary divide." any heal and problem any solve can we humanity, shared and purpose shared of sense a us—with of together—all come we "When plan: Hillary's back. Americans African holding barriers the remove and racism systemic combat to plans real need We preparada. más candidata la es y experiencia la tiene Hillary cosa. cualquier para listos estar deben líderes Los https://… care. health universal towards push in 94% at now &amp; ACA before covered were kids of 90% @HillaryClinton, to Thanks @Ann_OLeary: RT @HillaryClinton intersectional. getting is @HillaryClinton 15: Episode @IntersectionTNR: RT families. white for is it what of fraction tiny a is families black for wealth median the when wrong Something’s inequality. racial of issues also are inequality—they economic of issues only not are These -H else. anywhere not and Alabama in meet—not ends make to struggle still and hours/week 40 work should American No it. fix to plans real offer America—and in inequality of reality the with grapple to has vote your for asking Anyone htt… Really. Yes. Really? 2007. in bill reform immigration comprehensive Kennedy's Ted Sen. against voted .@BernieSanders @XavierBecerra: RT h… &amp; record spotty his explain should he But fine. Latinos, supporting &amp; reform immigration on campaigning is If @XavierBecerra: RT -@rembert punch." different a such packed it but make, always minorities that privilege about points making was "She stories: Their themselves. voters the are counts delegate the and totals vote the Behind immigration. on record @BernieSanders' at look a take Let's important. Action's cheap. is Talk @TheBriefing2016: RT -H today. Minnesotans working with stand I wage. living a and unions support to need we incomes, raise To —@FeministaJones struggles." our acknowledges for voting I'm candidate the that know to want "I be. should and can America what of vision shared our undermine system justice our in persist that inequities The familiar. unión la fuerte mantener para migratorio sistema nuestro reformar quiere Hillary justice. SCOTUS next our of nomination the in stake at are finance—all campaign equality, marriage rights, Voting apart. them break not together, families keep to need We reform. immigration for call and border the to visit @Pontifex's for Thankful Carson? Rubio? Cruz? Trump? President why: Here's now. Hillary supporting are 2008 in @POTUS backed that newspapers major the of Many team. this on Geneva mom her have to Proud practices. policing reform to acting by memory Bland's Sandra honor We wonderful. Pretty education Sex ✔️ control Birth ✔️ screenings cancer Lifesaving ✔️ it. dismantle to work then and racism systemic of reality the to up face to need We together. families keep and DREAMers support to need We parents. her losing of fear in live to have should child No designers! favorite your of more and Burch, Tory Jacobs, Marc by tees featuring , launch to Excited collection. the to added are items new when know to first the be to 47246 to MADE Text Murphy —Bill legacy." his on build &amp; protect to person best the is and Obama President to loyal truly been has "She @HillaryClinton for vote early to excited is @JoyceBeatty . @PadenSarah: RT -H water. poisoned for $1,000/year almost pay to forced were residents Flint that Unfathomable .@BernieSanders @TheBriefing2016: RT York: New in it did she how Here's Americans. African for barriers down breaking about spoke Hillary week, This https:… ➡️ Agree? @ChelseaClinton – work." government make to how knows who president a need "We @HillaryforCO: RT potential. full our to up living from us keep that barriers the breaking from down back cannot We -H @jdunnington. &amp; @RepEmilyVirgin Oklahoma, in effort this leading for Thanks pay. equal deserve Women 2016. It's deal?” a that is worrying, the do me Let scared. be to have don’t you so can I everything do to going “I’m —Hillary keep." can't I promises make don't I progress. make to likes who progressive a am "I end. should and apart families tear provisions These US. the reentering immigrants on bars year 3/10 the repeal to Congress on call will We end." to has That Latino. or black you're if than white you're if application mortgage a get to likely more are "You it. for voted You office. in days 100 first my within Congress before reform immigration comprehensive enact to legislation have will We them. protect to fight will who president a need We deportation. of fear in live Karla’s like families of Millions … 💌 💌 you! to letters love are send we emails The blue, are Violets red, are Roses @amandalitman: RT support. and endorsement @Clyburn's Leader Assistant have to Honored @HillaryforSC: RT action. into grief her channeling is mother her Now, custody. police in life her lost Bland Sandra summer, Last story.” immigrant an with started That dream. American our reached we’ve opportunity—like with blessed very feel “We team. this on Clyburn Jim Congressman have to proud So baffling. is votes black win to ploy a is him supporting that idea The themselves. for speak achievements .@POTUS' pipeline: school-to-prison the end will we how Here's educated. of instead criminalized being are kids many Too end. to needs it and issue, rights civil a is school of instead system justice criminal the into sent being Kids can. you as long as for can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do htt… plan: new @HillaryClinton's pipeline. school-to-prison the end to Time @jbouie. Devastating @CoreyCiorciari: RT -H hearing. fair a and action deserve PTS from suffering vets Our @KrisGoldsmith85: w/ stand to Proud unidas. familias las a mantener Necesitamos padres. sus de separada estar de miedo tener de debe niño Ningún explain. me Let you. help to plan a got @HillaryClinton's debt? student Got @MichelleWKwan: RT team: the Join Hillary. with stand to time the is Now TODAY! is caucus Nevada The unidas. familias las a mantener para Luchará migratorio. sistema nuestro arreglar quiere Hillary location: Your 11AM. at today Hillary for Caucus Nevada: you, for message a has Ferrell Will you. on counting Hillary's 11 by there get and location, caucus your find to 47246 to NVCOMMIT Text Nevada! here, is day Caucus miedo. con vivir deben no que familias de millones y Karla por luchando está Hillary Hillary. with standing you're if RT caucus. to out head will Nevadans hours, few a In Nevada. this, do Let’s here: location caucus your Find noon. until close don’t Doors Nevada: Nevada. in for fighting we're what is This https:… asking. you're Bernie of version which Depends 2007? in reform immigration against vote @BernieSanders did Why @TheBriefing2016: RT @HillaryClinton. for workers housekeeping Palace Caesar's @tamarakeithNPR: RT line. in you’re if caucus still can You Nevada! line, in Stay Hillary! about neighbors your to talk there—and stay line, in you're If Nevada: 1-702-550-8008. call location, caucus your at help need or question a have and line in you’re If Nevada: elecciones. las gane republicano un que permitir podemos No -H you. Thank win. your is This heart: and determination with Nevada of corner every in out turned who everyone To Nevada. mutual, is feeling The now: in Chip back. Americans holding barrier every break to working keep and nomination the win can we Together, today. team her on be to proud you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text House. White the to way the all back her got you’ve her tell and Hillary to message a Send Vegas: Las from live speech victory Hillary's Watch ✅. Nevada: NV in —Hillary you.” for one’s This other. each doubted never we but us, doubted have may there—some out supporters my all “To back. you holds that barrier every down break to campaign a is It campaign. your is This solutions. real for hungry also we’re But angry. be to right are Americans raise. a needs class middle The banks. big the for plan a than more need We country. single-issue a aren’t we is, truth The nation. entire our of mission the be to got It’s States. United the of President the even alone—not done this get can one No —Hillary part.” our do to have all We together. this in all are We ‘them.’ and ‘us’ between America dividing in believed never “I’ve other. each doubted never we but us, doubted have may Some possible. is anything together, work we If back. us holds that barrier every down break to campaign a is This ! @HillaryClinton? for up fired Houston Is @mintimm: RT like. looks 1 March on Hillary for caucus to ready people 750 of crowd a what is This @HillaryforCO: RT gymnast. woman decorated most world's the as books record into leapt @Simone_Biles 2015, In … SPECIAL NEWS @BET A MATTER: VOTES BLACK for @HillaryClinton with down sits @jeffsnation from away minutes We're @BET: RT @Vivek_Vis. and @MichelleWKwan by explained now, right you help to plan real a Here's debt? student Have prison. not opportunity, towards students lead should schools Our acceptable. isn't that and neglect, with treated was it indifference, with treated just wasn't Flint -H inaction. for cost the paying are country the across Communities epidemic. this end must We today. Kalamazoo in are hearts Our rights. voting defend to Texas to Headed Nevada? winning after right do Hillary did What you.” for one’s This other. each doubted never we but us, doubted have may “Some this! Love @MO4Hillary @HillaryClinton @AntonioFrench … –@billclinton met." ever I've change-maker finest 1—the March on Hillary for caucus go you'll hope "I @HillaryforCO: RT generations. next the for build can we world of kind the is this Together, … phones the hit vols awesome our then and celebration Quick today! office Columbus opens Ohio for Hillary @rebeccachalif: RT https://… private. and public both addresses that platform HBCU @HillaryClinton’s of part the Here's @JamilSmith: RT Nevada. in win our after *right* scenes the Behind -H country. our in place no have Republicans from words dangerous These wrong. It's work. doesn't Torture systems. immigration &amp; justice criminal broken our reform to begin can we racism, systemic of reality the face we If … page: FB our on afternoon this live questions your answering is @HillaryClinton fam, Grio @theGrio: RT ht… back. their had has president for candidate one only But today. makers gun against court in are families Hook Sandy @TheBriefing2016: RT potential. their reach kid every help to going we’re not or whether is election this in stake at What’s progress. @POTUS' on build and protect to need We be. to it wants she place woman's A 2016. It's here: questions your leave and conversation the Join afternoon! this @theGrio with Q&amp;A Facebook a doing Hillary’s families. Hook Sandy for justice derail could and accountability from immunity makers gun gives law one How -H corner. your in I'm yourself. of care take and strong Stay you. it's with, mess to person wrong the picked cancer ever If .@clairecmc agree: you if name your Add Americans. endanger they when accountable held be should manufacturers Gun behind. left communities helping to commitment Hillary’s on @BillClinton candidate.” do?' I can 'what the is “She this. for stand won't We health. women's attacking again once are Republicans country, the across and Ohio In America. of bargain basic the to fundamental are HBCUs @TSUedu: of Glover Glenda Dr. and Hillary fear. in living or apart breaking between choose to families force shouldn't We seguras. familias nuestras a mantenga que líder un necesita país El jail. to powerful too be can executive no and fail to big too be can bank No again. Street Main wreck to allowed be never can Street Wall laws. gun our in loophole dangerous this close to time It’s inequality. economic of symptom a just isn’t inequality Racial reminder. a Just https://t.… it. close to need we why on @CoreyCiorciari Here's gun. his get shooter Charleston the helped loophole This @TheBriefing2016: RT … @aldotcom via Birmingham in Hillary for stumps Lewis John supporter Clinton and icon rights Civil @IanSams: RT time. any dance and by come to invited is Virginia House, White the wins team this If Carr -Gwen life.” my of rest the for this do will I saved, be can that there out child another there’s “If https… Carolina South -@HillaryClinton America." across accountability &amp; justice real need "We @mayaharris_: RT @HillaryClinton her. with stand to have we us, with stood she here, we're reason The @finneyk: RT America. in violence gun of state the on @voxdotcom from explainer chilling A now. right the at stage on She's chief. in commander as safe us keep to prepared who's party, either in candidate, one is There all. it combat to have We cultural. also it's education—but housing, system, justice criminal our in found is racism Systemic now. right carry millions that debt student of burden enormous the lift to need also We affordable. college make to need We raise. a need families Middle-class deserve. they income and dignity, respect, the get should hard working are who People it. expand and it protect will We Security. Social privatize Republicans let never will We behind." left and out left are who kids the about concerned most "I'm us. of all on is racism systemic dismantling and privilege Recognizing @HillaryClinton! for home IL bring to unreal—ready is room this in enthusiasm &amp; energy The @_Punya_: RT communities. neglected in invest to need We classrooms. crumbling in learn to trying kids have we that right isn’t It fortunate.” less that's person the help to tried "[Hillary] team. this on Reid Senator have to Proud straight! record the sets .@HillaryClinton @IAmSteveHarvey: RT it! miss Don’t America. in guns on having been he's conversation the continue to today @IAmSteveHarvey Joining campaign! official the from updates for @HFA Follow state. to state organizing by American every for barriers down break to working We’re last! they while tickets your Hillary—get for @RadioCity at @katyperry and @eltonofficial, @AndraDayMusic, Join US. the in justice chief LGBT first the her making Rodríguez, Oronoz Maite confirmed just senate Rican Puerto The volumes. speaks response Her veterans. for services health mental about Hillary asked student school high A campaign. this power who donors and organizers, supporters, volunteers, of millions the from hear to @HFA Follow vote. to commit and Say Hillary? with stand to Ready here! almost is primary Carolina South The @AlFranken. Senator with edition campaign Tweets: Mean … @hillaryclinton for Illinois in effort the leading women strong and dynamic the of few a Just @_Punya_: RT us.” endorsed she because her endorsed “We movement." a into mourning strategy—my a into sorrow my turn to had "I successful. the and striving, the struggling, the for fighting is Hillary @HFA: RT https:/… Carolina South -@CoryBooker time." election wasn't it when here was she because Hillary supporting "I'm @mayaharris_: RT Americans. trans for equality full and respect, safety, for stand a take we'll Together support. your have to honored @transforhillary @alfranken: with Tweets Mean painful." sounds "That matrix?" establishment the into "Plugged htt… differences. of lot a aren't just There tonight. stage the on be will who candidates of bunch a There's @TheBriefing2016: RT everyone. for work it make to need just We great. being stopped never America care. health and women, rights, LGBT on views backward hold all candidates The values. our beneath is immigrants Demonizing people. million 12 deport to going not are We field. Republican the of rest the love You'll immigration? on position Trump's Like @TheBriefing2016: RT walls. new build barriers—not down break Let's border. the on wall a not citizenship, to path a build should We together. families keep to further go and immigration on actions @POTUS's defend will We apart. families rip not will We familias. las a separar en cree No ejecutivas. órdenes las DAPA, y DACA expandirá y renovará, protegerá, Hillary presidenta, Como together. Karla's like families keep to reform immigration comprehensive need We theirs. do should senators GOP and @tedcruz, @marcorubio, Court. Supreme the on vacancy the fill to job his doing is .@POTUS watch. our on Not it. defund they'll vow Republicans Americans. of millions to care health critical provides Parenthood Planned ACA. the repeal Republicans let not will We privilege. a not America, in right human a be should care health Affordable millionaires. for cuts tax more won't: What incomes. middle-class raising economy: our strengthen will What agree. you if 47246 to ImWithHer Text progress. @POTUS’ away rip Republicans let can't We leadership. serious need We challenges. policy foreign serious with world a in live We agree. you if name your Add House. White the in him let to afford can’t we nominated, is Republican which matter No today. Commit primary! Carolina South the before Hillary with you're say to chance last Your it: is This -H KS. Hesston, for Praying end. to has This another. now and community, a apart tore shooting mass a since week a than less been It's together. this in We’re part. our do all we when better works America “them.” and “us” between ourselves divide not Let's @AnotherRound. @Buzzfeed’s with justice, racial workplace, the in sexism Talking … photos. some take You party? bachelor your at up shows @HillaryClinton when happens What @HFA: RT 2016: in Hillary supporting on @jonfavs perseveres." She tries. She cares. "She potential. their reach kid every help to going we’re not or whether is election this in stake at What’s @AbbyWambach. hear, Hear some. for privilege a not all, for right a be should discrimination without Living over. start not progress, its on build Let's surgery. emergency needed she when woman this saved Obamacare house. a buy to pay would you than higher rates interest pay to asked being are students that outrageous It's first. Ricans Puerto put to time It's wrong. is citizens hardworking of instead banks for up standing .@marcorubio @HillaryClinton - difference." a make to try to day every up get to have We up. give can't We quit. can't "We @HillaryforSC: RT fuerte. es país el fuerte, es media clase la Cuando media. clase la a impuestos los aumentará le no Hillary party. bachelor a crashing involves president for running Sometimes … place. polling your find to to go and wallet, your forget Don't open! are Polls @HillaryforSC: RT you. on counting Hillary’s location. polling your find to 47246 to COMMIT2SC Text Carolina! South day, election It’s talker." change a not changemaker, a need "We Hillary: for argument closing .@BillClinton's win to her need really we why and supporter, @HillaryClinton a became I How @jonfavs: RT her. with you're know Hillary let polls, the to heads Carolina South As day! the Today’s htt… eve. primary on Columbia in @HillaryClinton see to out coming from people 1,000 these stop didn't weather cold The @XochitlHinojosa: RT this. Share today? for vote to who sure not who’s Carolina South in someone Know polls. the to Off ✅🍤🍚 @HillaryforSC: RT … @Aspiring_ESQ 😉 tag GREAT @BlavityLife latest my out Check but I @NaomiTeneAustin: RT can. you as long as for can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do all? at help any Need @HillaryforSC: RT . say and them Join Hillary! for votes their cast will Carolinians South of thousands Today, HBCUs: and debt student about @MorrisColl1908 at students with spoke Hillary AL! Birmingham, @mayaharris_: RT -H you. of proud so @chelseaclinton—I'm birthday, Happy trail. the on woman right-hand better a for ask Couldn't vote: go and place polling your Confirm you. on counting is Hillary primary! SC the in vote to left hours few a Just Carolina. South in love of Lots 8 March vote to sure Be Hillary! for with energy Amazing @stabenow: RT https://t… place. polling your find to to Go leave! not Do vote. can you 7pm, by line in you're If @HillaryforSC: RT -H you. thank it: power who supporters the to campaign, our of heart the at volunteers the to Carolina, South To nomination. this win go let’s and now, right $1 in chip Hillary, with you’re If Carolina. South it, did We team. her on be to proud you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text smile. a with Tuesday Super into Heading House. White the to way the all her with standing you're if RT news: the delivering .@claynmiddleton @HillaryforSC: RT Carolina South in —Hillary break." to big too barrier no is there together, stand we when America, In message: a sent you "Today SC in —Hillary national." goes campaign this "Tomorrow, SC in —Hillary again." whole America make to need do we But great. being stopped never America again. great America make to need don’t "We SC in —Hillary together." this in all are really we that show to need We barriers. down tearing be to need we walls, building of "Instead SC in —Hillary together." rise all we best, our at that, understood Who backs. other’s each had who people by built was country "Our there: get her help to $1 in chip House, White the to way the all Hillary with stand to proud you’re If do. we America—but in kindness and love more need we say president for running someone hear to odd seem may It … profile. @rubycramer this Read line. a just isn't tonight used @HillaryClinton line kindness" and "love The @JamilSmith: RT Carolina: South in winning after said Hillary What break.” to big too barrier no is there together, stand we “When other. each with stand we if us of ahead be can years best Our America. in kindness and love more need We have. already they debt student the with people help to need We affordable. more college make to enough not It’s deserve. they future the living are Connar like kids million eight CHIP, to Thanks say: to had she what Here's house. packed a to spoke Hillary primary, SC the win to woman first the becoming After Detroit! in @HillaryClinton for up fired is Detroit @AJKoski16: RT KKK. the condemn to refuses who hatemonger a by succeeded be not will and cannot president black first America's @BernieSanders: RT Atlanta. in room overflow the to hello Saying back. us hold can that barrier no there’s together, this in all we're When great. being stopped never America better. do to need and do can we industry, every In sidelines. the on kept being is talent much Too infrastructure. and manufacturing, energy, clean in jobs of millions create to mission national a it make to need We heroes. their meeting when starstruck get candidates presidential Even done. things gets She @POTUS? backed that papers many so of endorsements the received Hillary has Why … you. for ready we're 1: March us! joined who volunteers the all to weekend—thanks this numbers high Mile @TanyD: RT deaths. children’s their around narrative the reclaiming are mothers These … event. the for inside go we in here up pulled we when waiting greeters few a Had @NickMerrill: RT now: Commit Tuesday! Super before her with you're Hillary tell to out running is Time primary. Carolina South the winning after by live to words few a shared Hillary pay. you make to going we’re taxpayers, off rip or consumers, exploit employees, cheat you If corporations: country's our running those To daughters.” my for win to you need “I Hillary: to father A me with sharing for much so you Thank amazing! is This .@Gretchen_LA @ChelseaClinton: RT crisis. debt student America's solve to need We @LinkedIn: on Today stake. at what's know states Tuesday Super in friends your sure making by win big another secure Hillary Help place: polling your confirm VT, or VA, TX, TN, OK, MN, MA, GA, CO, AR, AL, in live you If her! with you're why know them let to RT polls. the to heading are thousands and It’s (844-464-4455). 844-IM4-HILL questions: any with hotline the Call ? on voting state your Is candidate. your she's better, life your make to how about thinking day every up wake who'll president a want you If calls? some make you Will country. the across wins ensure to help your needs Hillary ! It's place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text ? on voting state your Is @HFA. tagging or replying by question a us Ask help! to here is HFA Team and It's @HFA: RT results. course, of info—and voting trail, the from updates : on latest the for blog live our Bookmark Hillary: for vote to reasons more 100+ are Here NRA. the to up stand and leave family paid for fight She'll … vote. to right the has American every that guarantee to blood little a gave I sacred. almost is it precious, is Vote The @repjohnlewis: RT divided.” not united, are we That together. this in all are we again believe to Americans more want “I headquarters. @HFA from text via updates exclusive get to 47246 to TUESDAY Text -@IAmSteveHarvey rights." civil expand that policies and equality justice, social for fought has "She breakdown: the —here's on grabs for up delegates 800+ are There over. head and here place polling your Confirm voters! Tuesday Super left, hours few a Just friend. a tell to RT you! on counting put—Hillary’s Stay vote? to line in Waiting Virginia! and Georgia won We in: are results first The together. primary this win let’s and now, right $1 in Chip campaign. entire the of days biggest the of one is This Tennessee. and Alabama won just We five: High → now magnet free your Get Hillary. with stand to ever than prouder you’re that know world the Let heart. Hillary’s to close especially win A -H going. keep let's Now, wavered. never you've tough, gotten it's When you. Thank team: this of member every To —Hillary me." for voted who you of all to grateful so am I and tonight, showing strong his on Sanders Senator congratulate "I way. one think even or way, one worship way, one look who people to just Not top. the at those to just us—not of all to belongs country This whole." America make to have We great. being stopped never again—America great America make to not It's do. to work got we’ve know "We lower." been never has side other the on hearing we’re rhetoric the And higher. been never have election this in stakes the that clear "It’s everyone. for work country this make to together come can we apart, us drive to trying forces the resist we If Texas! you, Thank now. right $1 in chip tonight, Hillary with standing you’re If nomination. this win go Let’s history. make to ready you’re if RT whole. America make to is mission Our great. being stopped never America House. White the to way the all side her by you're Hillary tell to 47246 to ImWithHer Text remarks: tonight's from More empowerment." and opportunity of ladders build and barriers down break to going "We're Massachusetts. you, at Back M-A-S-S-A-C-H-U-S-E-T-T-S! @HFA: RT do. we America—but in kindness and love more need we that say to candidate presidential a for unusual be might It potential. her or his to up live can person every so opportunity, of ladders build and barriers down break to need We child. sick their for caring and paycheck a getting between choose to have should parent No family. and work balance to parents for easier it make to need We https:/… lead. of effects the alleviate help can education Early Flint. of children the supporting towards step important An @Ann_OLeary: RT -H that. fix to need We has. family white a dollar every for wealth of cents 8 has family African-American typical A whole. America make to is task Our great. being stopped never has America together. build can we what imagine and barriers those down breaking keep working, keep going, keep to got We've do. can't we nothing there's together, stand we When harder. even fighting keep to have we Now, Tuesday. Super on night big a had We going: keep to in Chip over. from far is primary this momentum—but the have We night. last contests eight won We care. health affordable quality, to access has American single every that sure make and Act Care Affordable the on build to got We’ve puede. se team—sí this on @UFWupdates have to Proud apart. torn be families let won't We space. in travel to woman American African first the Jemison, Mae Dr. celebrating We're ! Happy up!" make wearing you're "No, Republicans: kindness." and love more need "We Clinton: Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT -H families. endanger that loopholes special get shouldn't Companies corporations. before come Kids possible. made has @POTUS everything undo president next the let can't We … here! 15th March for ready We're - College and School High of mix Amazing @natimontelongo: RT tonight? debate the in milestone climate terrifying this about ask will Fox if Wonder @johnpodesta: RT . expand to leading for @JimmyGomezCA you Thank check. pay a or family their between choose to have should one No pobreza. la en hijos sus a criar debería completo tiempo a trabaje que persona Ninguna everyone. for work it make let's America, with wrong what's about shouting of Instead another: Here's America. for vision one of picture stark a offering is The else. everything literally policy—and foreign on True ⬇️ gets. this scarier the passes, that time more The adelante. salir puedan todos que para lucha Hillary ellos, entre insultan se republicanos candidatos los Mientras outrage. moral a and emergency an is Flint in water poisoned the with happening what's that say to "politicizing" not It's it. with Deal land. the of law the is equality Marriage friend. a for Asking through? sit to have we do these of more many How Labor. of Sec. as member cabinet woman first the became Perkins Frances 1933, in day this On infrastructure. and manufacturing, energy, clean in jobs of millions create to mission national a it make to need We -H that. just do to work their in @Raise_Up_WA with stand I families. hardworking for leave paid support &amp; wages raise to more do to have We https://t… primary. Louisiana tomorrow's of ahead vote the out getting He's morning. this @billclinton for NOLA in house Packed @IanSams: RT Detroit: in cities revitalizing and economy, the strengthening jobs, creating about speaks Hillary → live Watch Detroit in the on —Hillary afterthought." an basically was economy The people. American the to was all of insult biggest "The Michigan in —Hillary before." than stronger re-built, be can broken been has what day, every proves Detroit "As —Hillary field." playing fair a on chance fair a is need they world—all the in best the are workers American that day every proves "Michigan bargain. the of end their up holding aren’t many Too country. our and communities their by right do to have Corporations —Hillary accountable." you hold will we taxpayers, off rip or environment, our pollute customers, your exploit employees, your cheat you "If cut. be to costs not in, invested be to assets like workers treating start to have Companies everyone. helps people working of hands the in money more people—but wealthy helps just mostly people wealthy of hands the in money More color." of communities back hold that barriers past: the of legacy the with deal to have we future, brighter a for foundation the lay we "As @POTUS. under made we’ve progress the on build to got We’ve president. next the for priority top a be to has jobs good-paying Creating representative. woman first country’s our becoming Congress, in seat her took Rankin Jeannette 1917, in day this On carve-outs. no and delays, No lenders. payday for rules new its on robustly &amp; soon move should @CFPB The @SenWarren: RT American. every of reach within business small thriving a running and starting of dream the put Let's today: vote and here place polling your Confirm NE! and LA, KS, for Day Election It’s … → 2:30pm at caucus to where know you sure Make caucus! Kansas the is Today @HillaryforKS: RT profit. for drugs of price the hiking companies pharmaceutical to up stand to time It's -H it. before bill aid bipartisan the pass should Senate excuses—the more No need. they help the for enough long waited have families Flint minors. for therapy conversion end to time It’s them. change to trying kids—not LGBT supporting be should We (844-464-4455) 844-IM4-HILL today! voting about questions any with hotline the Call Nebraska: and Louisiana Kansas, shocked.” was I me. than more paid getting was he out found recently is who have I co-worker a is "There accountable. you hold we'll taxpayers, or customers, workers, cheat you If America: corporate to message A matters: that why Here’s delegates. pledged 199 by ahead We're → Detroit in reception @MichiganDems the at speaks Hillary live: Watch Louisiana! you, Thank Detroit in —Hillary us." support to out turned who everyone to grateful I’m count. delegate pledged our to adding we’re thrilled am "I way. one think even or way, one worship way, one look who people to just Not top. the at those to just us—not of all to belongs country This now: $1 in Chip back. Americans holding barrier every break to working keep and nomination the win can we Together, stronger. even country this make can we up, other each lift we If weakness. a not strength, a is Diversity love. they who or are they who of because discrimination fear to have should one No here: location caucus your Confirm State? Tree Pine the in Live Day! Caucus it’s Maine, better. do can we owners—believe gun law-abiding Americans—including Most “normal.” as year per deaths gun 33,000 accept can’t We bullying?" this all about do to going you are "What asked: girl young A -H family. her for Praying tireless. research—was Alzheimer's for advocacy—especially her and legendary, was character of strength Nancy's video. el Vea Campesinos. de Unión la con reunión una durante especial momento Un behind. left and out left been have color of people and people poor where Places there. out Flints of lots are there that forget not Let’s crisis. that into deeper dig to coverage debate scheduled regularly our interrupting we're , the for Flint on spotlight the With jobs. in decline a by hard hit town manufacturing once-prosperous Michigan—a Flint, in is Tonight's @TheBriefing2016. follow response, For there. lives who about talk to important it's Flint, in happening outrage the about talk we When color. of communities impact that issues intersecting of effects combined the of example an is crisis water Flint's other. and racial, causes—economic, root its about talk to have also we crisis, water Flint the about talk we When injustice. environmental and economic, racial, address we that requires Flint for Justice now. Flint help to how on focus to need also we but recalled, be or resign should Snyder Gov. justice—together. environmental &amp; economic, racial, tackle to have We economics. about only talk to enough not It's kids. black poor of instead kids white wealthy to happened this if outrage the Imagine coincidence. a not also buck—it's a save to risk at put health its see would Flint like community a that wrong It's results. getting it—it's "politicizing" isn't crisis water Flint the on action demanding Republicans, some from hearing we're what Despite with. begin to mess the created who those it—especially fix to work all should We issue. partisan a isn't Flint accountable. held be should Snyder Gov. months. for government their by dismissed were complaints residents' Flint that unconscionable It's agree. you if RT together. them, for fight to need We ideas. contentious be shouldn’t These them. of all for plans real and solutions need We challenges. of set intersectional complex, a face We nationwide. injustice and racism environmental tackle to need We Flints. more are there know We injustice. this to end an put can We America. in poisoning lead suffer year a kids 500,000 than More deliveries. water expand and jobs create to Weaver Mayor with program new a up set we've now, right Flint help To to can you what donate Flint: of families and kids the help can we way Another less. nothing deserve kids Our again. happens never this sure make to plans real about talking and Flint, about talking keep to got We've families. our endanger they when accountable held be should manufacturers gun Negligent week. a What @HFA: RT economy. our improve and jobs, create incomes, raise to plan real a have should country this of president be to wants who Anyone republicanos. los de propuestas las de defendernos pueda que presidenta una Necesitamos -H grace. and resilience of day a also was it But pain. and horror of day a was 1965, 7, March Sunday, Bloody -H harder. vote—not to citizen every for easier it make to have We done. isn't work this that recognize to have we later, years Fifty -H support. your for Grateful justice. &amp; equality for struggle the in do to work still There's right. you're Myrlie, by. skate executives while sacrifice shouldn't They cut. be to costs strength—not greatest economy's our are Workers yes. voted candidate Democratic one only industry, auto our of rescue the fund to time was it When now. ISIS defeat to strategy a not is 2002 in vote A government. of levels all at happen must Progress country. the across Democrats for million $18 raised we quarter Last abortion legal and safe to right women's on —Hillary constrained." and limited totally is it if right a of much not "It's it. restrict to right no have Politicians abortion. legal safe, to right the women guarantee Constitution the and Wade v. Roe housing. fair and jobs, care, health education, to access expand to have also We system. justice criminal the reform to have We debt. into go to having without education higher to access have should American Every too: you, help to plan a has Hillary debt, student has already who everyone For —@billclinton better?'" it make to do I can 'What ask, is instinct first "Her night: last the at candidates two the between difference key A House. White the at conference press women-only first the held Roosevelt Eleanor Lady First 1933, March In -H do. to smart—thing right—and the It's secure. more nations and grow economies makes girls and women of status the Advancing today: vote go and place polling your Confirm MS! and MI for Day Election It’s : during HQ @HFA at repeat On rights.” human are rights “Women’s Congrats? .@BernieSanders @TheBriefing2016: RT together. families keep will We deportation. to parents her losing of fear in live should child No Senator: Sanders, Bernie versus candidate Sanders, Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT (844-464-4455) 844-IM4-HILL today! voting about questions any with hotline the Call MS? or MI in Live wins. more two home bring can we how Here’s polls. the to head Mississippi and Michigan Today, terror. of acts such for justification no is There American. an of life the taking today, Jaffa in attack Tragic @VP: RT @billclinton Country Clinton is Louis St. @MattPaulIA: RT world. the around heard action to call a issued Hillary Beijing, in conference @UN the At Mississippi! you, Thank tonight. team her on be to proud you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text -H be. won't discrimination sure make to MO in filibustering those with stand I law. the is equality Marriage → Mississippi in winning after speaks Hillary live: Watch creativity. and openness our optimism, and energy great–our America makes what on build to need We —Hillary from.” they’re code ZIP what matter no teacher, great a and school good a have should child “Every —Hillary together." do can’t we nothing there’s down, other each tearing of instead up, other each lift we "If America.” in it make can “I say, to able be should part their does and hard works who Everyone —Hillary grows." paycheck your when grows America economics: simple "It’s —Hillary worst." the not other, each in best the see can we bigotry, and bluster of instead kindness and love for reach we "If Mississippi. in winning after tonight remarks Hillary’s against." up are families working what about talk to want "I -H this. fight to got We've illegal. outrageous—and is time on loans student their paid who people Penalizing help. to wants Hillary ways five are Here debt? student Have far. so primary Democratic the in endorsements board editorial the all nearly won has Hillary Why inaceptable. es mujeres y hombres entre salarial brecha La right.) that read you (Yep, supporters. nicest her of some to you” “thank say to @reddit by dropped Hillary election: this during mind her on what's Here's vote. to right the got women most when old years 5 only was Shirley meet. ends make to stress and struggle to have shouldn't you hard, work you If idea: simple a It’s out. started you where or are you who matter ahead—no get to able be should you part, your do and hard work you if America In her: with you’re know her let tonight, the at stage the takes Hillary As &gt;&gt; live the Watch @UniPolitica: RT @UniPolitica 💬: 💻: Univision 📺: ? el seguir ¿Cómo @UniPolitica: RT Trump Donald on —Hillary great.” America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don’t "You agree. you if RT ¡Basta! Trump: Donald para palabra una tiene solo Clinton Hillary in vote reform immigration that About @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary detention.” family end we time “It’s "No." @BernieSanders: hindsight?" in now reform] [immigration against voting regret you "Do deporting. the Stop ups. round the Stop raids. the Stop senator. Sanders, Bernie versus candidate Sanders, Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary it.” against voted Sanders Senator bill. that in was industry auto the rescued that money "The jail. to big too be should executive No fail. to big too be should bank No needed: as often as this repeat Will tougher. is plan St. Wall your says @nytimes banks—but to beholden you're says someone When again. it say Will before. it Said todos. para oportunidades las mejorar para luchar a va adelante—Hillary salen todos si funciona economía La ⬇️ have already you debt student the reduce help to plan comprehensive a want you If Act. Care Affordable the protect and on build to need We over. start to than 100% to coverage 90% from get to easier lot a It’s you: for it Found —Hillary citizens.” as treated be to deserve They America. of citizens are Ricans “Puerto Trump: on take and nomination this win let’s $1, in Chip together. this in all We're http… congress. in year 3rd Sanders' Bernie during coverage universal for fighting Hillary '93: to Flashback @TheBriefing2016: RT grow. paychecks workers’ American when grows America -H trend. dangerous a of part they're and health, women's attacking are Parenthood Planned attack that Florida and Utah, Ohio, like States -H 2010. since restrictions abortion 282 enacted have States right: you're relentless, seem rights women's back roll to efforts If -H decisions. health own her make to right woman's a protect and thing right the Do trend: the Buck you. on are eyes all .@FLGovScott, woman. a by designed operation military US first-ever the led and slaves freeing to life her devoted Tubman Harriet opportunity. pursuing from disabilities developmental with people stop should barrier No @Ann_OLeary: RT means. that what Here’s 221. to lead delegate her expanded Clinton Hillary Tuesday, After @TheBriefing2016: RT violence. not respect, encourage should campaigns—we our for tone the set We repugnant. is behavior of kind This candidates: GOP remaining the of all by held care health and women, rights, LGBT on views backward the at look A seconds. 6 in race, primary Democratic the of state the about know to need you what Here's accomplishments: biggest her of few a are Here fights. tough of share her on taken has Hillary decades, four Over -H team! this on being for you Thank lineup. power a about Talk @ellenpompeo: @violadavis @kerrywashington @tonygoldwyn .@shondarhimes @realDonaldTrump. wrong, is sexism how about more us Tell Cuba. con relaciones de normalización la apoya Hillary años. 50 por funcionado ha no embargo futuro—el el hacia movernos de hora es Ya scientists.” “not they’re because change climate deny candidates Republican disgrace. real the is rallies your at press and protesters against violence condoning .@realDonaldTrump: desgracia. una es eventos tus en prensa la de miembros y manifestantes contra violencia la Fomentar on. it Bring guys? these of one Debate -H emissions. methane reduce to steps take to announcement US-Canada the of Proud Congress. on wait to threat a urgent too is change Climate -H hear. to need all we action to call a into grief unimaginable turned have who women, these with stand to Humbled down: it breaks strategist delegate Our process? primary Democratic the about Confused AIDS: and HIV on record Reagans' the about comments her on statement Clinton’s Hillary together. Americans bring to deeds and words our use should We politics. our in place no has Violence sustainable. and noble both that’s profession a as teaching see to able be should people Young raise. a teachers our give to time It's that. change to got We've worker. median the than more 200x earns companies biggest America’s at CEO average The dangerous. it’s wrong, only not aggression—is and violence of encouragement Trump—the Donald from hearing we're rhetoric divisive ugly, The rhetoric Trump's on —Hillary arson." political leadership—it's not That's control. can’t you fire a start can you matches, with play you "If him. to up stand should you bully, a see you If it. condemn should you violence, see you If it. oppose should you bigotry, see you If strengths. are openness—these diversity, values, Our great. America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don't You “them.” and “us” between America divide to trying are that discrimination and division of forces the against together stand to need We dangerous. wrong—it's just isn't Trump Donald from hearing we're violence of encouragement and rhetoric divisive The conversation. the started really who people the AIDS—and and HIV against fight the on note A Ohio. Youngstown, from Cheers, school. your at available classes art and music have to family wealthy a in up grow to have shouldn’t You opportunity. of land a be should America immigrate, you or here born you’re Whether Brothers: Castro The país. el todo en gratis ser de deberían públicos comunitarios colegios Los why: Here's campaign. this power to in chipped have people million a Nearly → dinner Legacy 2016 @OHDems the at stage the took just Hillary now: live Watch OH in —Hillary votes." get to reason: one for fear and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump “Donald OH in —Hillary him." with disagrees who anybody up beat to supporters his encourages Trump of, think can he fire every stoking "After place. first the in great America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don’t You OH in —Hillary are." we who not is Trump "Donald OH in —Hillary polls." the at up show also don’t we if matters that of none we all Trump Mr. protest and criticize can "We OH in —Hillary country." our for future better a up raise let’s And down. him vote let’s then down, Trump] [Donald shut to want you "If OH in —Hillary back.” people holding barriers the all down breaking about It’s walls. building about isn’t campaign “My are. we who not is Trump Donald this. than better We're instincts. worst our to playing and fear, and hate in campaign—trafficking cynical a running is Trump are. we who not is Trump Donald mongers. fear and demagogues rejected have Americans best, our At —Hillary it." applauding but violence, inciting just not been He’s events. his at happens what for responsible is Trump "Donald inequities. these end and up stand to got We've system. justice criminal our in work at is racism Systemic education. in invest and prisons building stop to got We've pipeline. cradle-to-college a build and pipeline school-to-prison the end Let's —Hillary that." do to candidate prepared best the am I ready. be better Trump Donald against up goes "Whoever prevention violence gun on —Hillary life." of loss more to lead only now—will doing we're what is anything—which do to "Failing —Hillary violence." gun of acts random and murders these of tired and sick am "I Americans. endanger they when accountable held be can't industry gun the that unacceptable absolutely It's that. change can We could. we as work and family combine to hard as about it make We place. first the in great America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don’t You → aquí votar puedes dónde en Confirma apoyo! tu necesita ¡Hillary Hillary. for vote to reasons Four women. Ohio of generations Four calling! get and Live Facebook on training bank phone a for in Tune OH? and NC, MO, IL, FL, win Hillary help to Want again. happens never this sure make to how and crisis water Flint the about talk to today @IAmSteveHarvey Joining the about show today's on @HillaryClinton with Spoke @IAmSteveHarvey: RT chaos." and violence encouraging he's and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump "Donald dangerous. It’s leadership. isn’t That violence. of flames the fanning is Trump Donald communities. American on out walking be shouldn’t investments government or breaks tax get that Companies have. already they debt student the with people help to need We affordable. more college make to enough not It’s -H action. to call a is grief Their violence. gun to children lost have who Chicago in met I families the by Moved country. our for and kids our for unacceptable That’s 1968. in were they than segregated more are schools public our Today, sentences. their served have who those to it restore should We democracy. our of heart the is vote to right The place: polling your Confirm today. vote to you on counting Hillary's OH: and NC, MO, IL, FL, (844-464-4455) 844-IM4-HILL hotline: the Call today? voting about questions have and OH or NC, MO, IL, FL in Live along: Follow polls. the to head OH and NC, MO, IL, FL, as Facebook on Tuesday mini-Super blogging live We’re @BroadCity. time, any HQ real) (the at welcome You’re today! polls the to get they sure make and Facebook on friends your Find OH? and NC, MO, IL, FL, in win help to Want -H too. Arctic, the protect and thing right next the do to Time table. the off now is drilling Atlantic Relieved -H wage. living a deserve Americans, all like Idahoans, by. get to struggle and full-time work should one No —@billclinton again." country this in person every to door the open can "We @HillaryClinton?!? for vote to ready you are Louis St. @AJKoski16: RT vote! go then place polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text OH? or NC, MO, IL, FL, in Live Ginsburg. Bader Ruth icon and advocate, rights women’s Justice, Court Supreme to birthday Happy caucus. Islands Mariana Northern the won Hillary that matters it why Here’s math. delegate some for Time polls: the to head and friend a grab yet, voted haven't you If now! you needs Hillary OH: &amp; NC, MO, IL, FL, friend. a tell to RT you! on counting put—Hillary’s Stay vote? to line in Waiting -H should. ever mother no as suffering after resolve into grief her turning is She support. Lezley's by Honored t… to due earlier vote to unable were who those accommodate to pm 8:30 until open remain will sites polling Co. McHenry @McHenryCountyIL: RT Florida! won just We big. is This together. nomination this win to ready you’re Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text Carolina! North won We in: are results The nomination: the secure help to name your Add back. Hillary's have to time important more a been never There's Ohio. you, Thank FL in —Hillary solutions." for hungry are everywhere Americans because first comes lives people’s in differences "Making the in here incomes rising with jobs good create to know-how the and ideas the both with president a deserve Americans Hard-working executives. over-paid or Street, Wall China, us—not of advantage takes one no sure make and workers American for up stand to going We’re walls. building not barriers, down breaking be should We together. country our bring to has president next Our place. first the in great America made what lose can’t We small. be can’t we great, be be To FL in —Hillary together." accomplish can’t we nothing there’s down, other each tearing of instead up other each lift we "If -H you. Thank victory. your is voted—tonight or in, pitched friends, your to talked doors, on knocked you If → button limited-edition a get to $10 in Chip Hillary. with stand to ever than prouder you’re that know everyone Let together. country our bring to has president next Our Illinois. back, you Love House. White the to way the all side her by you're Hillary tell to 47246 to ImWithHer Text nomination. this win to going we're together, And it. did We Missouri: Illinois, Ohio, Carolina, North Florida, this. do Let's you. Thank out: heart your worked who donor and supporter, volunteer, every To it. did We Court: Supreme the to Garland Merrick Judge of nomination Obama's President on Statement Clinton. Hillary de discurso del momentos mejores seis Los together. this in We’re “them.” and “us” between country this dividing by succeed to going not We’re https://… people. great with days Good @HillaryClinton? for OH and NC, MO, IL, FL, in campaign to like it What’s @billclinton: RT https://t.… families. immigrant poor working to Credit Tax Child denying consider even to Congress for harmful and Heartless @Ann_OLeary: RT bill. this stopped senate the food—glad their about information families giving from states block shouldn't Congress 5. High país. el liderar para dedicación la y experiencia la tiene Ella todos. para luchar a va que líder una es Hillary dangerous. leadership—it’s not That's violence. and chaos of flames the fanning is Trump for: voted they what share Florida from scientist a and mathematician pay—a equal education, change, Climate classes. science computer to access have should student Every 2016. It's stake: at what’s Here’s election. this on hinges Court Supreme the of balance The ground." common find and neighbors their to out reach women when unleashed is power extraordinary "An odiosos. actos tantos en resultado hayan palabras sus que coincidencia una es No president. next our be Trump let can’t We glorified. be to something isn't Division value. American an isn't Hate —@GabbyGiffords fearless." seems Hillary lobby, gun the of terrified downright "seem candidates other the While home. Clooneys' the at Amal and George, Hillary, meet to chance a for Enter ⬇️ they are So Hillary? with you Are why: Here's campaign. this power to in chipped have people million a Nearly this. than better We’re are. we who isn’t Trump Donald fácil. más ser debería pequeño negocio un manejar y Empezar -H you. Thank campaign. this of part a be to in pitched have people 1,000,000 ago, minutes few a of As over: ticked just number the told I'm -H under. or $100 are donations of afford—94% can they what giving are people that grateful incredibly I'm -H in: Join higher. be couldn’t that stakes with ahead fight tough a have We built. we’ve what for grateful I’m race: primary Democratic the on update quick super A now. right is virus Zika the against action take to time The this. with deal and country a as up step to got We’ve video: el Ve ahora. parar a va no años—y por migratoria reforma la por luchado ha Clinton Hillary https:/… NOW: prepare must US knows @HillaryClinton heartbreak. &amp; defects birth devastating cause can Zika matters. Zika Why @Ann_OLeary: RT commander. combatant female first Robinson—America's Lori General Force Air Congratulations Hillary. elect to donated who’ve people million 1 than more by powered is campaign This —@azcentral president.” for run ever to people experienced most the of one is “She lifetimes. our of election consequential most the be may this that ever than clearer It’s nominee. Democratic the be to choice best the is Hillary agree: Portland to Miami from Newspapers —@billclinton better?'" it make to do I can 'What ask, to always is instinct first "Her president. woman a see to wants she now lot—and a seen She's vote. to right the had women before born was Shirley —@WarrenBuffett work?" to willing who's everybody for works America that so it make we can is, question "The —@gabbygiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is “Speaking hall: town a at question a Hillary asked supporter Sanders Bernie strong a when happened what Here’s … us. for there she's again, Once it. for stand won't @HillaryClinton but attack, under is Bill GI post-9/11 The @jmurray20: RT less. or $100 were donations those of majority a and Hillary, elect help to donated have people million One f… concern and community, decency, like values on built was that America an apart tear to ready stands .@RealDonaldTrump @elizabethforma: RT is. it hands—because their in is country our of future the like teachers our pay to need We presidencial. elección la sobre años 100 de señora una opina que Lo sustainable. and noble both that’s profession a as teaching see to able be should people Young steps: easy) (seriously, easy three in win Hillary Help state. by state decided being is primary This → aquí votar puedes dónde en Confirma —Hillary nominee." Court] [Supreme the receive and posturing partisan the quit to them for time It's duty. their do to Senate the ask "I —Hillary it." exercised has He vacancy. Court] Supreme [the fill to responsibility constitutional a has He president. our is Obama "Barack —Hillary fathers." and mothers deporting and families up breaking be should we believe don't I round-ups. the and raids the stop to want "I —Hillary fortunate." so I'm if elected, I'm as soon as it get to trying start to want I And reform. immigration comprehensive get to want "I yelling? stop or smile to told you're when sexist it's think you Do asked: .@andersoncooper —@IdahoStatesman issues.” of range broad the on grasp [and] experience overall better the has "Clinton -H Belgium. of people the all and wounded, and killed those of families the with are prayers and thoughts My -H succeed. never will They life. of way our of foundation the are that values democratic the undermine to seek terrorists These her. with you’re know everyone let to Retweet today! vote go Arizona, her. with you're if Retweet Utah! and Idaho today, Caucus policy. foreign our dictate fear let not will We bigotry. or torture advocating without smart and strong be can We → aquí votar puedes dónde en Confirma Clooney!): George (and her meet to Enter time? last Hillary with hang to chance your Miss live. they where matter water—no safe clean, to access deserves family Every here: go to where Confirm today! polls the at neighbors your of thousands Join Arizona? in Live us. of all hurts that vulnerable—and most the failing is system education Our place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you! on counting Arizona—Hillary's today, vote Go reform. economic and education tackling means That home. at can families their sure make let’s school, at succeed to kids our want we If us. beneath and hateful, dangerous, are proposals of kinds These too. country, your is this Americans: Muslim here: go to where Confirm tonight! caucuses the at neighbors your of thousands Join Utah: and Idaho finder: friend our with message a them Send today! Hillary for caucus or vote UT &amp; ID, AZ, in friends your sure Make location. caucus your find to 47246 to WHERE Text today! caucus Go Utahns: and Idahoans Arizona! you, Thank nomination. this win go let's and $1, in Chip Hillary? with you Are House. White the to way the all team, her on you’re know Hillary let to 47246 to ImWithHer Text WA in —Hillary barriers." down knocking You’re campaign. our for hard so working are who volunteers wonderful the all to you "Thank future. our and values, our country, our of views different fundamentally between candidates—it's between contest a just isn't This fear. more incite who leaders are need we thing last The steady. and smart, strong, that’s leadership provide can who president a need We cower. not lead, to us for time is This allies. our on back our turn or walls build or panic doesn’t America terror, of face the In -H covered. are million 20 than more Now, century. this of accomplishments progressive greatest the of law—one became ACA the ago, years Six -H standing. still is law this Democrats, to thanks need—and they care health the have Americans of millions @POTUS, to Thanks -H coverage. universal hit we until expand We’ll scratch. from start or repealed be it let won’t We election. this in line the on is ACA The values. our of views different fundamentally between candidates—it's between contest a just isn't This bigotry. or torture advocating without smart and strong be can We https:/… Disabilities" with People for Law Landmark "A a it's why about post @Medium my read anniversary, today's On @HonTonyCoelho: RT steady. and smart, strong, that’s leadership need We world. dangerous and complex a in live We → safe America keep and hate, to up stand terrorism, defeat will we how about speaks Hillary live: Watch CA in —Hillary safer." any us make doesn’t and partners our alienates that bluster not works, actually what on rely to need "We home. at here and world, the around East, Middle the in ISIS defeat to plan three-part a has Hillary safe." less us make that actions reckless into us push it let safe—nor us keep to necessary what’s doing from us stop fear let can’t "We leadership. steady smart, strong, is needs America What misfire. to tend cannons Loose strategy. a aren’t Slogans —Hillary dangerous." more world the and safe less America make will It Kremlin. the in Christmas like be it'll way, his gets Trump Mr. "If are. we who not That’s persecution. fleeing people for tests religious applying or orphans to doors our shutting be not should America Muslims. all demonizes that rhetoric offensive work: doesn't What works. actually what do to have we jihadism, radical against fight our In counter-productive. wrong—it’s just not it’s criminals, like Muslims American treating for call Cruz Ted like candidates Republican When CA in —Hillary world." the in anywhere torture practice or condone not will States United the president, I’m "If principles. our from away turn or allies, our on turn other, each on turn not will Americans world—but the in challenges serious face We family. Joanne's for difference a made Act Care Affordable the How story?" your tell I if mind you "Would https://t.… achievement: lasting A growth. job of months 72 down. costs denials, coverage more no insured, 20M yrs: 6 at ACA @mpshapiro: RT interfere. to get shouldn't Bosses work. they where matter no coverage control birth deserve Women fear. more incite who leaders are need we thing last The leadership. steady smart, strong, needs America rhetoric. Islamophobic work: doesn't What works. actually what do to have we jihadism, radical against fight our In over. start progress—not of years six on build Let’s life. her saved Obamacare surgery, emergency needed she When care. health to access has American every sure making to ever than closer us brought has ACA the in, years Six principles. our or allies, our other, each on turn won't we world—but the in challenges serious face We safe. America keep we how isn't also it and are, we who isn't This → training live the Join nomination. this win to you on counting Hillary’s but strong, is lead delegate Our 1995. from clip this out Check Hillary. for new not is care child affordable quality, for Fighting Americans. transgender for impact big a had state of secretary as tenure her during Hillary by made change small A -H disease. this of prevention and treatment in invest Let's here. world—and the around communities ravages still TB unit. entire his of lives the saved he when 27 was Iraq, in serving American Muslim a Khan, Humayun Captain Army violence. gun to son her lost who mom a with backstage moment A Eve." Christmas on dead son my shot boys “Four -H law—period. the under discrimination from protected be should people LGBT -H account. to held be should Snyder leadership. of failure Unconscionable report. Flint this at angry &amp; Heartbroken time. the of 31% arrests school-related to subjected are but populations student of 16% are students Black fear. more incite who leaders are need we thing last The steady. and smart, strong, that’s leadership provide will who president a need We htt… secure. less nation &amp; troops our makes work, doesn't are, we who isn't Torture agree: pros and Vets @rosenbergerlm: RT One. Day on Commander-in-Chief be to ready who's candidate one There's —@RollingStone Clinton." Hillary is choice urgent and clear "The mansplaining?" with familiar you Are problem. no election this win you help to going "I'm .@JimmyKimmelLive: leadership). (steady does what and bigotry) and (bluster work doesn’t what know we terrorism, to comes it When https:… for-profits predatory against up standing &amp; students Corinthian defrauded relieve to fighting for AGs State to Kudos @Ann_OLeary: RT —@RollingStone justice.” social to commitment a achievements…but and experience the has only not “Clinton … wrong. and dangerous, reckless, be would terror to response their clear: it made have Republicans @TheBriefing2016: RT acceptable. not That’s combined. America in teachers kindergarten the of all than more make managers fund hedge 25 top The leadership. serious need We world. the around challenges serious face We her. with you're if Retweet Washington! and Hawaii, Alaska, Day, Caucus It’s finder: friend our with message a them Send today! Hillary for caucus WA and HI, AK, in friends your sure Make else. anywhere or Florida, Indiana, care—in health women's with interfere not should Politicians @mintimm: RT dangerous. and counterproductive, wrong, it’s Americans, Muslim demonize candidates Republican When together. families keep and priority top a reform immigration comprehensive make will who president a need We —Hillary ahora." Zika virus del contra en actuar que "Tenemos over. from far is equality LGBT for fight the that reminder latest the is Carolina North in happened What back: her got you’ve say to in Chip it. do to team this on everyone needs Hillary but nomination, this win can We -H Easter! Happy renewal. and hope, love, of full season a you wish I celebrating, those To other." each to children, our to ourselves, to responsibility a have us of "All it. fix to plan a got who’s candidate one the costs—and care child in crisis the about know should you what Here’s https://… . to time It’s voters. from stories these Watch democracy. our undermines discrimination Voter @mayaharris_: RT leaders. tribal Puyallup with meeting a during gifts memorable two received Hillary again. country this in person every to door the open can We -H terrorists. defeat &amp; confront must nations all and Pakistan Lahore. in attack Day Easter horrific the of victims the with are prayers My violence.” gun to children their lost have who parents with stand and lobby gun the to up stand we time “It's come. to generations for system judicial our of course the change to power the have could president next The phone. your to Hillary—straight and trail, campaign the HQ, from Updates @Lin_Manuel. Thanks, crisis. debt Rican Puerto the resolve to Time success. at shot fair a deserves American Every WI: Madison, in Court Supreme the of future the on speaks Hillary as live Watch powerful. and wealthy the of favor in deck the direction—stacking wrong the in country our led has Court Supreme the of bent ideological The voice.” a denied be shouldn’t people American “the because Justice a pick to president new a for wait should we says @ChuckGrassley Senator —Hillary ignored." being is voice my say I’d Obama, Barack re-elect to voted who Americans million 65 than more the of one "As —Hillary leader." nation’s our still isn’t @POTUS and count, didn’t votes those like acting are Republicans Now president—twice. a chose "We —Hillary hearing." a hold should He job. his do and up step to Grassley Senator asking chorus the to voice my adding I’m "Today, moment. make-or-break a is This progressivism. of pillar every virtually demolish could term, single a In privilege. no have should courts—it the in privileged be shouldn’t Wealth down. upside Constitution our turns speech is money that idea The —Hillary elections." in money of influence limit to amendment Constitutional a for fight I’ll United, Citizens overturn doesn’t SCOTUS "If —Hillary elections." buy to right billionaires’ than rather choose, to right woman’s a protect will appoint will “I —Hillary General?" Attorney of kind what matter, that for Or appoint? Trump President a would justice of kind what yourselves: "Ask candidacy. Trump's with reaping now they're tactics, extremist their with sown have Republicans nowhere—what of out come didn’t Trump Donald ideal. that defended has Court Supreme the best, its At shot. fair a deserves everyone that ideal the behind united has America best, our At schools. our in equal not is separate that held 1954, In ourselves. for decisions health intimate make to right the have women that ruled 1973, In unions. sector public for way the paved 1977, In school. to go to right the had children undocumented that ruled 1982, In land. the of law the was equality marriage that ruled June, Last nominee. Court Supreme @POTUS's on hearing a hold and Republicans: Senate tell to name your Add election this why reason another Just @TheBriefing2016: RT -H wages. raise to work states' other and CA applaud I organizers. and workers for win big a is $15 to wage minimum CA's Raising theirs. do to Republicans Senate for Time @SCOTUSnom. a us gave and job his did He @POTUS—twice. elected Voters @Lin_Manuel. voz tu levantar por Gracias ahora. Rico Puerto de económica crísis la resolver que Tenemos . @ChuckGrassley: requires. Constitution the as Justice SCOTUS a nominated He’s @POTUS. re-elect to voted Americans million 65 Court. Supreme the near anywhere Trump Donald let can’t We —Hillary nowhere." of out come didn’t [he] but Donald of rise the bemoans Republican another day, "Every https:/… justice. and peace tolerance, for work daily your with us inspire You . amazing these to Congrats @rosenbergerlm: RT die.” children more while sidelines the on sit to refuse “I SCOTUS. on stake at are values our that reminder a is unions—and and workers for protections place in leaves rightfully decision other." each against Americans pitting is he and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump "Donald "friends") for stand doesn't "F" (The Obama. Barack re-elect to voted who Americans million 65 of voices the ignoring are Republicans Senate Wisconsin. in When them. with voted Sanders Senator NRA. the to up standing is Hillary choice: The recklessness. and obstruction leaders' Republican against stand a take to time It's enough. is Enough America—great: York—and New make that values the about now speaking Hillary's @ApolloTheater! the at Live done. we’ve what That’s everywhere. campaign seriously should president be to competing seriously candidate Any Sanders. Senator than more million and Trump Donald than more million a than votes—more million 9 nearly received we’ve far So y… have to tried always I’ve and back, my had always You’ve that. forget never will I and me on chance a took Yorkers "New @HillaryForNY: RT -Hillary ahead." stay and ahead get to able be should you part, your do you and hard work you if that believed always have Yorkers "New -Hillary do?” women work the for pay equal guarantee finally to time it "Isn’t that. for wait can’t they and now right hurting are Americans of lot a But perfect.” “the for out hold to luxury the have may folks Some too." president our from want we what That’s done. things get to likes that city a is this But do. we than bigger dreams Nobody NY. is "This -Hillary some." just not back, Americans holding barriers the all down break help will who president a need "We economy. our fixing about as country our and people our defending about passionate as just be to has president next Our together. pull we but same, the worship or same the sound all don’t We same. the look all don’t We people. million 20 to home is York New better. know Yorkers New discriminating, and walls building by problems America’s solve can we says president for candidate a When back. us holding barriers the all down break and up, other each lift backs, other’s each have Let’s -H telling. and Horrific worse. get couldn't it thought you when Just House. White the near anywhere rights women’s for contempt much this with someone let can’t We clear. and loud him heard we but words, his back walk to try can Trump them." believe are, they who you show people "When said: Angelou Maya abhorrent. is abortion seeking for punished be women that suggestion @realDonaldTrump's standards, low impossibly his by Even abortion. outlaw also would who candidate Republican other every from different that isn't Trump is, fact The risk. at women three in one put You criminals. abortions seek who women make you crime, a abortion make you If Remember: care. health restrict and stigmatize to efforts GOP-led by punished being already are color, of women and women low-income especially Women, president. being business no have you that, get don't you If care. health to access code—deserves zip or income of woman—regardless Every Vote. it: about do all can we something there's is, news good The Americans. of majority vast the insulted has Trump Donald point, this At Sad! absurd. frankly and reckless, ignorant, that's @realDonaldTrump from idea another Yet 👌🏽 is game Snapchat .@HillaryClinton's @TUSK81: RT president. be him let can't We abortion. an having for punished be should women said .@realDonaldTrump way. that it see should president next Our issue. serious a is health Women's @TheBriefing2016: RT pay. equal deserves woman Every courtroom. the in or field the on women these face to want Wouldn’t team. this of strength the of Proud moment. Historic @CarliLloyd: RT everywhere. workers empowered who movement labor American the of champion a honor we , On país. el todo por trabajadores a empoderó quien laboral movimiento del luchador un honramos de día el En Trump. President a afford can’t We agree: you if sticker this get and $1 in Chip self-government. PR's preserves that crisis debt the on action for Time Rico. Puerto of people the help to Congress from nothing Still people. trans all for equality full and respect, safety, the for fighting keep Let’s decades. for great America making been have change to willingness and diversity Our president for @HillaryClinton endorses News Amsterdam The @NYAmNews: RT @PPact) (via House. White the into agenda this let to afford can’t We better. know We other. each against turning and walls building by problems America’s solve can we claiming are Some -H @NYGovCuomo. Thanks, . call we what that's Now it. seeking women punish he'd said frontrunner their and abortion, ban to wants candidate Republican Every ht… believe they what said he embarrassed are Republicans comments: abortion Trump's on Clinton @businessinsider: RT … Watch: race. this in candidate Republican every from assault under are rights constitutional Women's @TheBriefing2016: RT https://… NY: in did she like nationwide—just jobs manufacturing good create to plan America In It Make @HillaryClinton's See @mpshapiro: RT @POTUS: under come we’ve far how show that numbers other 11 jobs—and new million president. being business no have rights women's on assault the support who Candidates candidates'. GOP the of rest the as bad as just are health women's on attacks Trump's photos. in March, Apollo." the at "Live to Tuesday Super From -H too. York, New in fans got they've like Looks WI. Madison, in shop women-owned great a at necklace this up Picked yours.” have to tried always I’ve and back, my had always “You’ve not.” course “Of Hillary: military?” our with Trump Donald trust you “Do .@BusinessInsider: Clinton Hillary sobre Gutiérrez Luis —Congresista siempre". de y antes mucho de nuestra amiga una "Es … why. Here's you. to apply wouldn't probably plan college" "free Sanders' Bernie Wisconsin, in live you If @TheBriefing2016: RT Work. anthem. national the with Harlem to Hillary welcome @reneeelisegolds @HamiltonMusical's Watch plan: Hillary's Read college. affordable of way the in get governors Republican let can't We —@NYAmNews senator.” as and lady first as Both York. New for delivered always has "Hillary @HillaryForNY: RT Syracuse. in talk pep Pre-game resultados. los fueron estos y ellos por luchó Ella senadora. su ser de Hillary a oportunidad una dio le York Nueva challenges.” some through went she though even strength her like “I Hillary: for she’s why on worker auto retired A family. and work balance to easier it make to need We family. your of care taking and paycheck your between choose to have never should You Walker Scott like governors GOP from upfront billions on depend won't affordable more college make to plan Hillary’s that: achieve can we how Here's college. public a at tuition pay to money borrow to have should student No signing. bill the at speak @NYGovCuomo and Hillary Watch leave. paid expand and to about is York New right. fundamental this affirmed Court Supreme the Glad count. should voices our of one every democracy, our In family. a have and work to easier it make should we families, working about care we If raise. a deserve Americans better. know we but high, too are wages that says Trump Donald wage: minimum the increase to time It’s raise. a deserve Americans Hardworking his… of light The TN. Memphis, in killed and shot was Jr. King, Luther Martin Dr. brother, my friend, my today, ago yrs 48 @repjohnlewis: RT artículo. el Lee adelante. salir para clave la es educación la que cree Clinton Hillary women: country—especially the around families of millions help will wage minimum the Raising justice. toward universe moral the of arc the bending keep and King Dr. honor Let’s equality. for fight the in giant a lost we ago, years 48 justice. for fight ongoing the in place powerful a holds voice Angelou’s Maya 1928, in day this on Born ht… stands: race this where on facts the Get ✓ wins Hillary vote, people more When ✓ votes most the earned has Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT Vote: rights? women's and education on attacks GOP's the and @GovWalker stop you can How Hillary. for voting and polls the to heading you’re if Retweet Wisconsin! Day, Primary It’s Clinton.” Hillary will Neither justice. for fighting stop never will can I than more son my miss “I leave. paid guarantee to time It's spouse. sick or baby newborn a for care to off time get to able be all should We place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text today! vote Go Wisconsin: … plan: tough Hillary's follows It inversions. corporate on down crack to step strong a took just @USTreasury The @mpshapiro: RT … Shameful. abortion. criminalize to trying are PA in Republicans health: women's attacking Trump just not It's @mayaharris_: RT it. do to way the isn't @GovWalker like governors Republican on Relying affordable. more college make to need We … grandma. a being of says @HillaryClinton again," over all love in falling like is "It @TheView: RT finder: friend our with message a them Send today! Hillary for vote Wisconsin in friends your sure Make Brooklyn: in hall town Hillary's Watch back. women many too holding are that barriers the down tear to time It's families. of millions help would it Raising color. of women disproportionately are earners wage Minimum all. for and once gap pay the close to need We us. of all shortchange you women, shortchange you When over. are issue" "women's a as gap pay the dismissing of days The 2016. It’s in. live you state what on depend shouldn't meet ends make to ability your leave—but paid on leading is NY Proud doctors. criminalize and access health restrict to attempts Republican against rights—and our for up stand who'll president a deserve Women now! over head and here: place polling your Confirm Hillary. for vote to hours more few a Wisconsin—just it, is This true. Still 2016: in Hillary do. to thing right the is wage minimum the Raising 1995: in Hillary way. the leading Francisco San and York New see to Glad land. the of law the leave family paid make to going We're h… years for raise federal a for fought has ✔️ NY/CA in wage min $15 a supported has ✔️ Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT wrong. It's families. &amp; kids punish would and offensive, ridiculous, is wall a for pay Mexico make to "plan" Trump's -H Forward! campaign: this into hearts your poured who volunteers and voters the all To Wisconsin. winning on @BernieSanders to Congrats nomination. this win go let's and $1, in Chip so. say to time the now’s Hillary, with you’re If correcto. es No familias. a castigaría y ofensivo ridículo, es muro el por pague México que para Trump de "plan" El " Democratic of majority large "the means he "ambition," by If @TheBriefing2016: RT that: end Let's wage. minimum the than less disabilities with workers pay to legal is It -H taxes. their paying escape corporations let that loopholes the close to need We merger. the off calling is Pfizer hear to Glad reform. immigration comprehensive for fight let's wall, a build to proposals offensive and absurd of Instead succeed: workers American more help can we how on Philadelphia in @AFLCIO the to speaks Hillary live: Watch @AFLCIO the to -Hillary ahead.” stay and ahead get to able be should family your and you part, your do you “If . to fight the leading by today that do to continue They history. in class middle greatest the build helped Unions rights workers' restricting to opposition her on -Hillary America.” for wrong and workers for wrong is Work' to "'Right that: do we’ll how Here’s country. this in renaissance manufacturing a drive to need We -Hillary cut.” be to costs not in, invested be to assets as workers treating start to businesses more for time “It’s back. your have will I you, with stand will I this: is worker American every to message My https://t.… @HillaryClinton jobs." create to plan real a with president a deserve Americans working "Hard @PaAFL_CIO: RT win. and world the of rest the against compete to how knows who president a need We trade. against rail just doesn’t who president a need We story. of End discrimination. is are they who of because people LGBT serve to Refusing re… than standard legal higher a to held be should makers gun toy that believes who candidate a nominate cannot Democrats @ChrisMurphyCT: RT -H violence. gun stop to fight the in you With change. for voice your to compared noise just are comments hateful any remember, @EricaSmegs Hook. Sandy at killed children the of parents the over rights manufacturers' gun prioritized .@BernieSanders banks. the up break to plan his about detail big one forgot Sanders Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT -H @SenatorBarb. fairness, paycheck on fight the leading for Thanks Period. men. to equally paid be should Women You. years." 20 in legislation of piece important "most NRA's the for voted has candidate Democratic one Only America. in place no have bigotry and Hate together. people bring can who president a need We Trump. Donald than votes more with race this in candidate one only There's " candidates presidential qualified deeply and broadly most the of one choose to chance the have "Voters delight. unqualified an was It Pittsburgh. Thanks, children: of millions for care health expand to worked Hillary —@BillClinton seen." ever I've history in moment this for person qualified best the is "She Hillary. about saying are country the around newspapers What "Qualified" "Prepared" "Knowledgeable" 2008 Nov. State, of Sec. as Hillary on Sanders —Sen. choice” excellent an be would she &amp; Congress in people brightest the of one is "Clinton –@POTUS had." we've state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I answer! the us give to quiz handy this there's thing Good president? be to qualified Hillary's if wondering Still state. of secretary as world the around rights gay advance helped Hillary how Watch rights." human are rights "Gay this. re-up to time good a like Seems @NickMerrill: RT sticker: free your Get Agree? counting. and years 40 for girls and women for Fighting Nope. "unqualified." him called Clinton Hillary says Sanders Bernie @TheBriefing2016: RT https://… @HillaryClinton with Equality Pay on Roundtable Glassdoor the host to Excited @Glassdoor: RT her: interviewed We office. the by stopped .@Carole_King https:… collectively. &amp; individually it, see we when discrimination out call must Mayors as We @mayoredlee: RT debt? loan student have didn’t you if have you would money more much How —Hillary them.” of one been not has ‘unqualified’ but years, the over things of lot a called been “I’ve need. they care health the access to women for impossible virtually it make politicians while back sit can't We Trump. Donald que votos más tiene candidata una Solo rights. their for fight the in workers with stand should WI—we in news Great America. for wrong is Work" to "Right more: And education kids' for Fought ✓ health families' Protected ✓ responders first 9/11 for up Stood ✓ —Hillary back." us set or country our undermine to efforts any against ground my stand will "I better. know We other. each against turning by problems America’s solve can we say Some Democrat. or candidate—Republican other any than votes more earned We’ve @EricaSmegs by this. it make today, thing one read you If @JuniorsCheeseck. to visit a without stop campaign Brooklyn a be Wouldn't rights. and health women's attacked has candidate presidential Republican Every Trump: just not It's right.) that read you (Yeah, high. too are wages says Trump Donald City York New of lady first —@Chirlane, families." working our help to prepared better is one "No https:/… level. next the to taking for @HillaryClinton to Thanks stopper. show a been always She's @BilldeBlasio: RT love. they who or are they who matter discrimination—no from free live to deserves American Every @RepCummings. support, your for you Thank @DoloresHuerta. hero, personal a to birthday Happy ballot." my cast to November in there be to have I that oncologist my told "I Scary. flying. for advice great some and bullies, to up standing wonk, a being about @GlennThrush with talked Hillary wrong. dead He's other. each against turning by problems America’s solve can we says Trump Donald choices. Hard apart. us drive together—not us bring will who leader a need We NRA. the over safety families' prioritize always should president next Our close. comes country developed other No year. each violence gun from die Americans 33,000 to. choose we whether of question a just It’s violence. gun prevent to steps commonsense take AND rights Amendment Second our protect can We immunity. their end Let's too. be should makers gun kids, our endangering for accountable held are companies toy If https://… crisis water city’s the address to takes it as long as Flint with We’re success. for progress mistake can't We @ChelseaClinton: RT violence: gun stop help to time It's "normal." as this accept can't We them. of one you're if RT violence. gun reduce to steps support owners) gun (and Americans of majority A https:/… @HillaryClinton w/ Equality Pay on Roundtable Glassdoor conversation. the Join @Glassdoor: RT → sticker your get agree, you If Kasich. or Cruz, Trump, President a afford can't We man?” a as much as paid be you’ll president, you’re when that think you “Do today. ago year One -H gap. that close Let's color. of women for worse It's do. men $1 every for $ just earn Women year. past the in together built we’ve what here's strong: millions that's campaign a to trip road Iowa one From that. fix to have we agree you if RT earns. man a $1 every for $ just makes woman average The … Hillary." with there get we’ll And there. getting we’re but go, to way long a have still We way. long a come "We’ve @HFA: RT gap. pay the close to time It’s most. the it feel color of women paycheck—and every on out lose Women https://… CA! in way the paving for @JimmyGomezCA &amp; @JerryBrownGov Thanks gap. wage gender closing to critical is leave Paid @Ann_OLeary: RT @NYDailyNews case. "Too-Big-to-Fail" MetLife the about talking Bernie vs. Clinton Side-by-side: @zatchry: RT economy the to trillion $ add would equally women and men Paying @micnews: RT https… primary for @HillaryClinton endorses Board Editorial @nydailynews page front Tomorrow's @NYDailyNews: RT decisions. care health own her make to free be should woman Every PA: in legislators Republican for Reminder … old. hand" "whole a turned neighborhood—and new a to moved she’s campaign, Hillary's launch helped Riley Since @HFA: RT it. for fight the leading keep to needs president next Our done. isn't work our pay—but equal on progress made We've … yr each men than less billion $ about earn women NYC @TishJames: Advocate Public NYC from report New @mayaharris_: RT pay. equal ensure to need We groceries. for men than less charged get women like not It's Clinton." Hillary with stand I why ’s I life the than better be to life son’s my want "I @HFA: RT debunked: gap, wage the on Myths less. paid still are women woman—yet a being for discount no There’s 2015. in made men what to up catch to average, on women, for 2016 into long this taken it's means h… @HillaryClinton. ask Just law? current under bank a up breaking about go you would How @mikereedschmidt: RT Hillary: endorsing —@NYDailyNews realist.” warrior superprepared a Clinton in York “New this: fix to have We away. ride bus a just often are weapons illegal laws, gun strict with states in Even justice: environmental for fight to plan her on @NationalAction at speak Hillary watch to in Tune barriers. environmental includes that back—and families holding barrier every down break to need We —Hillary Detroit.” of suburb white wealthy, a in happened have never would Flint in happened “What years: 5 within threat health public major a as lead eliminate would plan justice environmental Hillary's —Hillary live." to place healthy and safe a and drink to water clean breathe, to air clean deserves America in family every and child "Every nation: developed other any in than gun a by murdered be to likely more times 11 are women American h… money" and time Americans save will "It proposal: tax smart @SenWarren's on .@HillaryClinton @mikereedschmidt: RT America. in luxury a be shouldn't air Clean —@gabbygiffords President.” Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is “Speaking ellos. de 7 Conoce familias. las para especialmente resultados, logró Hillary país al servicio de décadas Durante Perez —Tom nosotros". por luchará Clinton "Hillary not. or them won you else’s—whether everyone as much as count votes Southerners’ issue. rights civil a issue—it's health public a just isn't justice Environmental so. think don't Americans Hardworking Really? high. too are wages says Trump Donald -H Zika. by impacted parents to out goes heart My now. treatment and vaccine a in invest to need We urgent. is This eso”. haciendo continuará que pienso y comunidad cada de personas a unir puede “Ella Hillary. endorsed have may @nydailynews the why at hint a Here's @TheBriefing2016: RT history: modern in candidate major any by security national on statements reckless most the made Trump's Donald tratamiento. y vacuna una desarrollar para ahora invertir que Tenemos urgente. es Zika del virus del situación La ET. 9pm at CNN Watch great. America made that everything of rid getting by great America make don't You blue! of sea beautiful A @HillaryForNY: RT them." of one not is 'Quitter' people. many by things many called been "I’ve ella. con estás que sepa Hillary que para 47246 al LATINOS Envía hoy! es ¡El ET. 9:00 at tonight's for in Tune debate. 2000 a in Hillary to results: of record her out check stage, the takes Hillary Before tonight. Hillary on cheering you're if RT —Hillary first." a was life—that my in things of lot a called been I've unqualified. me call did Sanders "Sen. again. over and over NRA the with voted who's someone for interests special stopping about lot a talks Sanders Sen. done. it get to plan a has Hillary it. do actually to harder Street—it's Wall fix you'll say to easy It's Street. Wall on oversight reduce to voted never who candidate only the Hillary's accountable—but banks big hold to need we agree Democrats Street. Wall on answers Two @TheBriefing2016: RT industry. auto the and economy, the jobs, of millions vote: that by saved Also @BernieSanders. answer, that on waiting still We're @TheBriefing2016: RT stop. Full acceptable. not That's City. York New in year a shot 1,000 day. each 90 guns. from country this in year every die people 33,000 maker? gun a than child your endangering for maker toy a sue to easier it's that possible it is How deaths. gun for accountable held be should makers gun thinks who stage on candidate one only There's https:/… pass helped Sanders bill the with ended market black the onto guns of flow the stem to years in effort biggest The @MotherJones: RT reform justice criminal on speech Clinton's Hillary text: Full @voxdotcom: RT system. justice criminal broken our fix and racism systemic tackle to have We education. high-quality a guaranteed be should code, ZIP or income, race, her or his matter no child, Every bill. the for voted You vivan. donde o familia su de ingresos los étnico, origen su importa no calidad alta de educación una merecen niños los Todos lobby. gun the above families put always will who president a need We change climate combating on —Hillary problem." the about something do to harder It's problem. the diagnose to easy "It's now. change climate fight to solutions real need We revolution. political a for wait can't planet The policy. foreign on experience of bit a got state—she's of secretary as years Four climático. cambio el combatir para prácticas soluciones Necesitamos política. revolución una por esperar puede no planeta El https:… endorsement our Read times.” modern in presidency the for candidates qualified most the of one is Clinton "Hillary @RollingStone: RT https… it." solve to trying than easier lot a is problem the "Describing Israel/Palestine: on Sanders to Clinton @NewRepublic: RT it? on question single a been hasn't there that possible it is how country, the across attack under health women's With rights. women's on leader a need We Kasich. or Cruz, Trump, President a afford can’t We years. 20+ for it for fighting been Hillary’s why That’s care. health universal need we agree we , the At debt. student existing with people help also should We college. public a at tuition pay to loan a out take to have should American No likely. Not plan. college @BernieSanders’ of third one fund to have would governors Republican —Hillary decisions." own our make to ability our autonomy, rights, our women: as are we who to goes [abortion]—this about asked never "We're disgrace. a distraction—it's a not That's abortion. an seeking for punished be should women said Trump Donald voter. Democratic other every as much as just matter voters Democratic Southern —Hillary America." of people the of lives the improve will that results deliver keep—we'll can't we promises make just won't we "Together, tonight. Hillary with standing you're if RT sticker: your get and today in Chip history. change can we together, work we If Hillary: with you're say to name your Add results. delivers other lines—the catchy delivers candidate One better?” it make to do I can “What asking years—always 45 for known I've @HillaryClinton the know Yorkers New @billclinton: RT them. defend to need we are—and we who of heart the at They're "distraction." a aren't rights Women's kids. of millions for care health securing to lobby gun the on taking from results, of record A h… and bullying anti-LGBT end to fighting and today @GLSEN the in part taking students many the of proud So @dominiclowell: RT Harlem East in center senior a at dominoes of game a joins HRC @albamonica: RT @nowthisnews) (via none. are there Hillary—because influenced donations time a name couldn't Sanders Sen. ones. smaller several also and ideas, big of lot a has @HillaryClinton guest Monday's @StephenAtHome: RT punished." be should women that saying Trump Donald of name the by candidate presidential a have "We https:/… . for Time country. the of rest the than larger is NYC for gap Wage @mayaharris_: RT woman. a being for discount no there's but makes, man a what of 79% just paid is full-time working woman typical A lobby. gun the against families victims' with stand and violence gun on action take will who president a need We fees. legal dealer's gun the pay to have they Now, shooting. Aurora the in daughter their lost couple This was debate night's last thought you If that. changing is @EAFNYC NYC. in neighborhoods seven from came population prison York's New of 75% 1992, In affordable. more housing make to need We rent. on income their half than more spend the in renters of quarter A https:… families: of millions helped has that EITC federal the on building , the with taxes on save can Californians @Ann_OLeary: RT forward. moving always We're up. getting always We're down. us keep can't you but down, us knock can You -H veterans. our to commitment our fulfill should America benefits. Bill GI cut shouldn't Congress right, is .@IAVA -H terror. of acts defeat always will resilience and strength Your ago. years 3 bombing the remember we as Boston of Thinking lobby. gun the not families, protect to have We enough." is "enough say, to us for time It's reality. a vision that make to steps the take and world better a envision can She Hillary: on Abdul-Jabbar Kareem burdens. cost housing severe face to households white as likely as twice than more are households Latino @raymondbraun. star YouTube with campaign the on scenes the Behind normal. as that accept can't We America. in day every guns by killed are people 90 About gang." a join to not them tell to have don't or senator a be might he that believes man young a "If Brooklyn. in friend new A —@Carole_King vote!” Go York! New you, love “I @HFA: RT afectadas”. más las son afroamericanas y latinas familias las y renta la pagar por luchan neoyorquinos “Muchos … @HillaryClinton: endorses —@PhillyInquirer Clinton" word, a "In read: afternoon Sunday Your @HillaryforPA: RT … up: grown all Program, Insurance Health Children's the by covered kids the of three Meet @HFA: RT photos. in Harlem, East in day great A -H earthquake. yesterday's from ones loved lost who families the and Ecuador of people the to out go hearts Our ayer. de terremoto el en queridos seres a perdieron que familias las y ecuatorianos los con están corazones Nuestros … finder: friend our with message a them Send Tuesday. on Hillary for vote York New in friends your sure Make @HFA: RT http… primary. presidential Democratic Connecticut in Clinton Hillary endorses Courant Hartford @hartfordcourant: RT do. can't we nothing there's hate, and division to turning of instead values our for up stand we If party: block Heights Washington during @HillaryClinton twirls senator state York New WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT lives: changing is school York New one How life." your dictate from come you where let not Do possible. is "Anything why. learn to 47246 to RECORD Text president. be to takes it what has Hillary anyone: than better this know Yorkers New @HillaryForNY: RT food. affordable healthy, access to ability your determine shouldn't code zip Your issue. this on work your for thanks .@TomColicchio, deportation. to parents her losing of fear in live to have should child No → aquí York Nueva en votar dónde Encuentre -H you. with are prayers Our traveling. avoid and safe stay please Houston, in everyone To -H fate. their deciding begins SCOTUS Today, deportation. by apart torn being of fear in live home America call who families of Millions -H relief. families more bring to further even go and together families these keep to actions executive Obama's President protect will I -H president. as days 100 first my within legislation propose I'll now. reform immigration comprehensive need We -H system. immigration broken our fix finally and citizenship equal and full to path a create to time It's did." she And marriage. gay against amendment Constitutional the block to me promised "She … migratorio sistema quebrado nuestro fin por arreglar y igualitaria e plena ciudadanía la encaminar de “Hora @lorellapraeli: RT history." modern in candidates presidential qualified deeply and broadly most the of "One Hillary: on .@NYTimes Noho in restaurant Colors at wage tipped the to end an for call continues HRC day: the of stop 7th @albamonica: RT ET. 11:30pm at @colbertlateshow on Hillary Watch @StephenAtHome. unknown, the into forward Push https:… this: Read . the in @MikeyLikesItNY favorite, @HillaryClinton old an by Stopped @NickMerrill: RT strengths. biggest America's of one that's same—and the worship or same, the sound or same, the look all don't We immigration. on actions executive @POTUS’s reverse would candidate presidential Republican Every place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you. needs York—Hillary New today, vote Go → aquí York Nueva en votar dónde Encuentre voz! tu ¡Alza Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head Yorkers New back. hold didn’t They Trump. Donald of think really they what Yorkers New asked We day. primary York New on stop First try. one you take only It'll York. New vote, Go blog: live our on know to need you all Get York. New in It's do. all we unless potential its reach can't country Our do. can't we nothing there's respect, and kindness with other each treat and backs other's each have we If → blog live our on from latest the Get York. New in close polls until hours few a Just entrevista. esta en explica nos delegados en experto Nuestro delegados? de sistema el funciona ¿Cómo over: head then place, polling your Confirm primary. NY the in vote to left hours few a Just polls. the to heading Yorkers New of couple A ht… out. find to liveblog @HFA's out Check vote? Yorkers New while to up @HillaryClinton What's @TheBriefing2016: RT -H you. for fighting stop never I'll tonight. again and ago years 16 me in faith your put You York. New you, Thank York. New you, at back Right House: White the to way the all back her got you've know Hillary let to $3 in Chip nomination. this win Let's you. Thank win. your is This York: New in out hearts your worked who supporters and organizers, volunteers, our To going. momentum the keep to now up Sign vote. the out get to hard worked who everyone to belongs victory Tonight's news. the spreading Start live: Hillary Watch York! New it, did We sight.” in is goal our and stretch home the in is nomination Democratic the for race “The done. things get to like also Yorkers New But campaign. this in goals progressive bold, setting we’re big—and dream to place a is York New down. other each tearing not up, other each lifting about It’s @HFA: RT down. them tearing up—not people lifting be should We dangerous. &amp; divisive that's America for vision a pushing are Cruz Ted &amp; Trump Donald weakness. a not strength, a is diversity Our continent. every from hail and faith, every worship language, every speak Yorkers New together.” rise all and election this win and out go let’s So upward. ‘Excelsior’–ever is state this of motto “The tonight. her with you're Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text → aquí campaña la a Unete apoyo. su por gracias Muchas York! Nueva ustedes todos de es victoria ¡Esta —Hillary done." things get to like also Yorkers New But big. dreaming for place a is York "New votes.” million 10 win Republican—to or one—Democrat only the is campaign this you, of "Because night last York New in —Hillary movement." a into mourning her and strategy a into sorrow her turned has "Erica York New in Clinton Hillary for triumph, a and homecoming, A @nytimes: RT adelante. salir puedan todos que para inmigrantes los para luchará Clinton Hillary -H Tubman: Harriet than bill $20 the for choice better a of think can't I fighter. freedom a and leader, a woman, A principal School Hook Sandy of daughter —@EricaSmegs, have." we what through go to have should families more "No stickers. voted" "I vote: to right the women win to fought who Anthony, B. Susan for yesterday tribute fitting A -H families. Flint help to now act to needs Congress but Flint, in poisoning water for accountable held are people that important It's @MikeyLikesItNY. Thanks, good. so tasted never "Victory" nomination. this win go Let's York. New you, Thank … Appearance @GMA 1988 in Equality Female Talks Clinton Hillary @LSherABC: RT @GMA. on skits Hillary @NBCSNL to reacts Hillary which In . to time It's action. take would Congress year, per people 33,000 killed else anything If @GMA on —Hillary color." of people on system justice criminal the of effects unequal the address to got have "We losses. these to indifferent become cannot We epidemic. an is violence Gun them. stop to need We crimes. in used guns of majority vast the supply actors bad few A @GMA on —Hillary immediately." returned be should rights voting your society, to debt your paid you've "Once … @MsPattyJackson w/ Passing @prince's On Reflects .@HillaryClinton @wdasfm: RT reality. a it make to can we everything do to have We women. for pay equal support we say just to enough isn't It —Hillary us." divides than us unites that more much there's believe I Sanders, Sen. supported who people the all "To masiva. encarcelación la sobre concienciar a ayudando York Nueva en gimnasio un de historia la Conoce Day. Earth Happy planet. our of future the protect to got we've kids, our for future better a make To -H planet? our save help to action taking than Day Earth celebrate to way better What deal. climate Paris the signing is the Proud -H crisis: this address to funding approve to Congress Tell now. act to have we &amp; health public to threat a is Zika women for pay equal ensuring on —Hillary money." the making be to need You money. the on be to enough not is "It safe. families keep to now funding emergency approve Congress: tell and name your Add Zika—fast. on act to need We yuge. remain would gap pay the Trump, Donald Under @TheBriefing2016: RT . to need we agree you if RT aren't. policies Republican changing. is climate The -H voting. to barriers down break to continuing for @GovernorVA friend my of Proud https… society &amp; environment our on impact unmatched have will that accord—one historic a signing by celebrate We @johnpodesta: RT h… every power to energy renewable enough install emissions, cut to further go &amp; Paris on deliver will who leader a need We @johnpodesta: RT … are. policies His him. about thing offensive most the isn't women about things awful saying Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT America. in home every power to energy renewable enough generate can we years, ten In planeta. nuestro de futuro el proteger que tenemos niños, nuestros a futuro mejor un dejarle Para -H celebrating. those to sameach Chag injustice. of forms all fighting to recommit and ones loved with gather to chance a is Passover … . we important so it's why That’s world. healthy a in up grow &amp; live should children All @ChelseaClinton: RT women. benefit that policies about says he what Here's women. about things offensive says Trump Donald know all We crisis: health public this address to Congress Tell act. to longer any wait can't we and the reached has Zika Sad! rhetoric? hateful his forgetting into us fool can he think Trump Does http… now. showing is data early what &amp; world the of parts other affected has Zika how Rullan: Dr. from lot a learned We @AmandaRenteria: RT ht… him. let Don't election. general the to approach "etch-a-sketch" Romney's Mitt take to try to going is Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT embarazadas. mujeres las a especialmente Zika), (del puertorriqueños los a proteger para ahora actuar que Tenemos https:… women pregnant for kits providing &amp; educating clinics WIC @HillaryClinton. for mission fact-finding Zika Rico Puerto @Ann_OLeary: RT live. to place healthy and safe a and drink, to water clean breathe, to air clean deserves America in child Every https:/… @CanoMartinPena flooded of tour Powerful Rico. Puerto to extend will fight justice environmental .@HillaryClinton's @Ann_OLeary: RT … Rico. Puerto en especialmente Zika, del virus del situación la atender a comprometido ha se Clinton Hillary @AmandaRenteria: RT humanos. derechos los a abusos denunciar que tienen se cuando intimida se no Uno mom. her for voting before visited @ChelseaClinton suffrage. demand to ago years 170 Falls Seneca in gathered Women is. he who us shown has Trump them. believe are, they who you shows someone When absurdity. Presidential" more becoming is Trump "Donald this on taking @HillaryClinton see to Great @TUSK81: RT vote. to people for harder it make to try and science climate deny who people from endorsements in interested Not décadas. por líder una sido ha Hillary y siglo medio de más lleva costo bajo a médica cobertura la por lucha La protection." and dignity worth life a has Everybody story. a has "Everybody can. we as long as for can, we ways the all in can, we good the all do to together stand Let's why. Here's Clinton. Hillary for vote to readers their urging are states primary Tuesday in boards Editorial —@BaltimoreSun: proposals." out thought well realistic, advanced has Clinton "Ms. @NOAA. at scientist chief appointed woman first the became Earle Sylvia biologist marine and explorer 1990, In kindness. and love more is need really we what but candidate, presidential a from coming strange sound might This —@PhillyDailyNews candidate.” other any than accomplished more “She's House." White the to done job the getting for passion same that bring to her on count can "Voters Island. Rhode y Delaware Pensilvania, Maryland, Connecticut, —@lenadunham everyone." for place better a becomes world the fall, women for barriers "When @HFA: RT how. Here's weekend. this detail Service Secret Hillary's of part became Noah Eight-year-old @Maddow to —Hillary society." post-racial a not are We more. [racism] about talk to have I person, white a "As —Hillary men." as rights same the deserve women believe I because feminist a "I'm lives. save to act to need excuses—we more No control. of out is epidemic violence gun America's Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head RI and PA, MD, DE, CT, in Voters kindness. and love more need We campaign. this in rhetoric hateful much too way heard We've Island. Rhode y Delaware Pensilvania, Maryland, Connecticut, en Primarias today: vote to plan a make and name your add Hillary, with you’re If RI. and PA, MD, DE, CT, in Day Primary It’s world. the around and home society—at our and economy our of aspect every in men as rights same the deserve Women place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you. needs Hillary vote: Go RI? or PA, MD, DE, CT, in Live accountable. them hold to need we lobby, gun the to up stand won't leaders our If https:… protected. be must activists and on, carry must rights LGBT on work Mannan's deplorable. are murders brutal These @rosenbergerlm: RT back. us holding it's wrong, only not it's racism—and with struggle still We society. post-racial a not are We over: head then here, go to where Confirm RI. and PA, MD, DE, CT, in soon close Polls -H possible. it make helped who employees the with success its sharing Chobani see to Great this. Love see: should you that hall town @MSNBC night’s last from answers Three Maryland. you, Thank Delaware! it, did We yours. is win This possible. this made who everyone to Thanks Pennsylvania! -H believing. for Thanks special. something building is team this state, by state vote, by Vote you. Thank campaign. this built who've supporter and donor, volunteer, organizer, every to belong wins Tonight's Philadelphia. in results primary tonight's on speaks Hillary live: Watch election.” this win to party our unify We’ll delegates. pledged most the and votes most the to back come to going "We’re team: this join to now in Chip donated. have million than More them. solve to us want they problems, diagnose to us want just don’t They solutions. for hungry are Americans —Hillary together" problems solve to ability our in confidence people’s restoring about is campaign "Our —Hillary us.” divides than us unites that more much there’s me, support you or Sanders Senator support you “Whether —Hillary Obama." Barack to Roosevelt Franklin from tradition progressive strong a on build can "We Street." Main threaten to allowed be again never can Street Wall That high. too is inequality and low too are wages that agree all "We all. them defend Let's disabilities. with people for rights and rights LGBT rights. women’s &amp; rights Worker’s rights. voting &amp; rights Civil —Hillary in.” me deal then card,’ ‘woman the playing is pay equal and leave family paid and care health women’s for fighting “If —Hillary barriers.” down breaking we’re walls, building of instead where tomorrow a “Imagine —Hillary hate.” trumps tomorrow a "Imagine —Hillary nomination." the win Let’s forward. go "Let’s nomination: this win go let's and $1, in Pitch sight. in is victory you, to Thanks back. her got you've Hillary tell to 47246 to IMWITHHER Text Connecticut. you, Thank hate. trumps love and strong, are communities supported, are families honored, is work hard where tomorrow a Imagine card" "woman's that About @realDonaldTrump. speech, your Caught PA in night last —Hillary doers." and dreamers both be to have We made: gets progress how is "That https://… act: to Congress Tell Zika. fight to funding emergency need We clear: it made Rico Puerto to trip fact-finding Our @Ann_OLeary: RT card." "woman's the playing says, Trump Donald as Or leave. paid and pay, equal care, health women's for Fighting https:/… -Hillary deserves. it attention the get doesn't families their and women on impact incarceration's Mass @mayaharris_: RT all. them defend Let's rights. women’s and rights Workers’ rights. voting and rights Civil for. stand we everything against goes rhetoric anti-Muslim Trump's Donald htt… bad. they're that is problem The policy. foreign about ideas of lot a has Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT show. colors true his letting he's again once election, general the into heading tone his change would Trump that reports of week a After Really? "shouting." Hillary's from recovered" "hasn't he said Trump morning, This "." the night, Last to. have shouldn't women of Millions attacks. these handle can Hillary joke. a aren't comments Trump's but headlines, flashy make might They back. us set Trump's like Comments problem. the of part be shouldn't president barriers—a many too face still Women Parenthood. Planned defund Would leave. family paid support Wouldn't pay. equal dismissed He's beginning. the just is rhetoric Trump's , the playing is women for fighting if So https://t… response: Hillary's weapons. nuclear with unpredictability" "need we said has Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT dangerous. it's offensive, just isn't policy foreign Trump's Donald Yikes. devastating. are consequences The prisoners. women its of 30% nearly but women world's the of 5% has The values. our aren't chaos—these and violence inciting other, each against Americans pitting Muslims, away Turning us: Join election. this win and out go Let's @HFA: RT —@realDonaldTrump folks." do, to going I'm say, I "Everything -H done. Well officer. infantry female first Army's the become to about is Griest Kristen Capt. Same. Trump? President Parenthood. Planned and leave, paid pay, equal opposes Trump Candidate No. Hillary: you? intimidate Trump Donald Does .@jimmyfallon: counter: the over available contraception emergency make helped Hillary when 2008 to -H threat: this address to Republicans for time It's @PattyMurray. more, agree Couldn't abortion. an seeking for punished be should women said Trump Donald Fact: value. American an isn't Hate playing? Trump is card what ," the "playing is women for fighting If now: in Chip one? Want años. los de través a Clinton Hillary de logros los de alguno Conoce him. to up stand bully, a see you If it. condemn violence, see you If it. oppose bigotry, see you If why. you show will video This presidency. Trump a afford can't We @TheBriefing2016: RT … virus? Zika the of spread the stop we can How @HillaryClinton: candidate Presidential @Quora: RT @Quora: on answers Hillary threat? Zika the fight to do we can What in. us Deal cards? woman of deck entire An Bill. GI 9/11 post the back rolling not by thing right the did Committee Affairs Veterans Senate The @jmurray20: RT purchases. your on discount 21% a include not *does *: own your Get … concerning" "quite views policy foreign Trump's Donald calls Clinton Hillary @CNN: RT presidencia…. su ser podría Así Trump. de promesas las son Estas : your of perks the of some Just care! health to access Limited leave! family paid No wages! Lower him. to up stand bully, a see you If https://t… her for campaigned friends after queen prom winning student HS Muslim on article @nytimes Touching @jastengco: RT us. divides than us unites that more lot a There's hombre? un fuera si pagarían le que mismo lo pagar a van le presidenta, sea cuando que ¿Crees day. any play we'd card a is rights women's for Fighting ? The # the playing is women for up standing If workers. with stand to have we incomes, raise to want we If rights. union Protect leave. paid Ensure wage. minimum the Raise votes. more has who candidate one only There's nomination. GOP the clinching to ever than closer is Trump Donald https:/… works. education sex &amp; contraception to access opposition, Republican Despite low. all-time at rate pregnancy Teen @mayaharris_: RT -H approves. Hillary Aunt night. last job Nice @potus future.” kids’ your for fighting want you who that’s and uniform, dirty a got she’s tested, battle "She’s country. our to Islanders Pacific &amp; Americans Asian from contributions tremendous the celebrate let's , This → Detroit in dinner @NAACP annual 61st the addresses Hillary live: Watch Hughes Langston quoting —Hillary prayer.” a poetry…that’s than more is That love.’ of land strong great that ‘be America “Let —Hillary behind." left gets who and America in ahead gets who determining in role significant a plays still “Race —Hillary families." white for that of fraction tiny a just is families black for wealth median the when wrong "Something’s —Hillary children.” their burying are parents black many so when wrong “Something’s end. to have rights voting on attacks The harder. not vote, to easier it making be should We all: them tackling means injustice racial Tackling pay. Equal justice. Criminal Education. care. Health —Hillary problems." our are These problems. else’s somebody aren’t violence—these gun poverty, inter-generational racism, "Systemic —Hillary hands." Trump’s Donald into fall legacy Obama’s Barack let cannot "We —Hillary hate." trumps love that sure make Let’s mobilize. and organize Let’s together. going keep "Let’s https… Mexico to ambassador new the as Jacobson Roberta confirmed finally Senate Republican-led the wait, long a After @Jorge_Silva: RT parents. working respect to need we succeed, kids our help and communities strong build to going we're If -H now: act should We irresponsible. is Congress from inaction Continued crisis. economic an faces Rico Puerto resultados. lograr y desafíos a enfrentarse para preparada candidata única la es ella que demostrado ha Hillary ones. loved for caring and eating between choose to have shouldn't Families luxury. a isn't leave family Paid ya actuar Debemos irresponsable. es Congreso del inacción persistente la y económica crisis una enfrenta Rico Puerto law. abortion restrictive new, state's the on taking is Clinton Hillary Indiana, In @TheBriefing2016: RT rise. all we words, hateful side's other the against together stand we When forward—together. move Let's Trump. Donald by away torn be @POTUS under made we've progress the all let can't We best. it puts @AndraDayMusic kindness, and love to comes it When Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head Hoosiers, it. disregarding blatantly for accountable held are Blankenship Don like people so safety miner coal on act Let's ahead!" speed "Full be? Knope Leslie would president of kind What place. polling your find to 47246 to WHERE Text you. needs Hillary vote: Go Indiana? in Live economy: our grow and jobs create to plans her on Ohio in speaking Hillary’s live: Watch —Hillary honored.” be should legacy that and secure, and prosperous more America made Appalachia of workers the that question no “There’s day.” single every you for and them for be to going I’m November, in me for vote don’t people if “Even improvements. infrastructure and projects locally-driven in investing by jobs good-paying more create We’ll —Hillary purpose." of sense a and dignity about It’s paycheck. a getting than more much so about is job good a “Having programs. retraining and vocational to college to pre-K training—from and education in investing means Appalachia Revitalizing it: address to plan Her —Hillary Appalachia.” across rise the on all are suicide and abuse alcohol abuse, “Drug —Hillary before.” us failed that economics trickle-down old same the it’s Unfortunately, offering? side other the is “What that. afford can't We more. even them give would Cruz Ted billionaires. &amp; millionaires to trillion $ give would plan tax Trump’s Donald families. your help to thing a do won’t that solutions fake Trump's on waste to time have don’t We —Hillary children.” our of one single every of work hard the and talents the of advantage take will that future a build to going “We’re -H states. 50 all in kids adopt now can are, they who matter no parent, loving Every news. this by Thrilled today: vote Hillary, for Hoosier a you’re If Indiana. Day, Primary It’s women toward comments disparaging @realDonaldTrump's on —Hillary anymore." out counted be to going not "We're raise. a deserve They back. the on pat a just than more deserve teachers Our president: become him let can't we agree you if now in Chip nominee. @GOP presumptive the is Trump Donald Trump on —Hillary voice." their be to going I'm group, every literally after goes he as women, after goes he "As back: Hillary's got you've if now in Chip presidency. Trump a stop can who left candidate one only There's down. him vote let’s then down, him shut to want you If are. we who not is Trump Donald know We http… demagogue. a is probably it then demagogue, a like talks and demagogue, a like acts demagogue, a like looks it If @TheBriefing2016: RT Whi… the reaches never insecurity &amp; hatred of stew toxic @realDonaldTrump’s sure make to out heart my fight to going I'm @elizabethforma: RT president. as do would nominee @GOP presumptive the what Here's —Trump folks." do, to going I'm say, I "Everything higher." much get don’t stakes The hate. versus love and selfishness, versus compassion division, versus "Unity @AndersonCooper to —Hillary country." the running Trump Donald like cannon loose a on risk a take can we think don't "I @realDonaldTrump: on —Hillary misfire." to tend cannons loose and cannon, loose a "He's rivals: @GOP Trump's on —Hillary him." with agreed basically they because issues the on on him take couldn't "They agree. Rubio Marco and Cruz, Ted Romney, Mitt proposition. dangerous a is Trump" "President equality. for monument national a soon and movement, a of birthplace the Stonewall: here: Details Trump. stop can you engineer software a As @kylerush: RT @realDonaldTrump on —@LindseyGrahamSC bigot." religious xenophobic, race-baiting, a "He's @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary country." our running Trump Donald like cannon loose a on risk a take can we think don't "I Seriously. immigrants. of millions deport &amp; the entering from Muslims ban to proposals his by stood just Trump -H one? get I can Where Ellen. this, Love for. stands it what Here's Trump. of party the now is Party Republican The everywhere. intolerance and hate fighting to ourselves rededicate and lost lives of millions the remember we Day, Remembrance Holocaust On Flint. in crisis ongoing the on light shining and today visiting for @POTUS, you, Thank @ChelseaClinton: RT today: @HFA join to Apply November. in GOP the and Trump Donald on take to team strongest the need We Blanca. Casa la a acerque se peligrosa y odiosa retórica su que dejar podemos No Republicano. Partido del nominado presunto el es Trump Nope: Trump? President divisive. and dangerous, reckless, is Trump Donald agree: Republicans "Yes." @realDonaldTrump: country?" the entering from banned be should Muslims that believe still you "Do … companies: minority-owned and women- for President—especially Business Small the be will Hillary @mikereedschmidt: RT really you who reflect friends your say They together." this in all are we again believe to Americans more want "I immigrants. of millions deport president: as do he'll says Trump What do." I folks, do, gonna I'm say I "Everything yesterday —Trump, deported.” be gonna “They’re ago minutes 52 —Trump, Hispanics!” love “I Irresponsable. exterior? política la sobre visión su es ¿Cómo Ejército. del Comandante próximo tu ser podría Trump immigrants. of millions deport and the entering from Muslims ban to plans his by stood Trump night, Last citizenship. birthright end would Trump Donald FACT: most. the them hurt would deportations Trump's parent. undocumented one least at have the in kids million apart. them rip not together, families keep to fighting be should We economy. our into and shadows the of out people bring will reform immigration Comprehensive https:/… @RealDonaldTrump. endorsed He's America." in lawman lawless most "the called been He's @TheBriefing2016: RT president. next the become Trump Donald let cannot We -H table. the at them meet should VW deserve. they rights the for voices their raising are TN in workers Volkswagen president. for nominee their be to selected has @GOP the man the is This to. wants he says Trump times many how matter them—no deport and immigrants of millions up round to going not We're were…honest. They presidency. Trump Donald a about feel they how people dozen a asked We why: us Tell president? become not should @realDonaldTrump thinks who Republican a you Are deportación. la o discriminación la de sombras las bajo crezca niño ningún que el en mañana un Imaginemos About —@realDonaldTrump everybody." with along get "I this. solve to got We've ones. loved and neighbors, friends, kids, our hurt addiction drug and abuse Substance -H assigned. been they've roles the than more much so are Women this. for thanks @JLo party). own his of members (from president become never should Trump Donald why reasons 62 -H @SadiqKhan. Congrats, London. of Mayor now and rights, human and rights workers' of champion driver, bus Pakistani a of Son Scout. Girl a always Scout, Girl a Once @HFA: RT compete. to woman first the becoming , the at history into way her rode Crump Diane 1970, In reacciones. sus fueron estas Trump—y Donald sobre neoyorquinos varios a Preguntamos … Charlotte daughter raise @ChelseaClinton watch to is it exciting how on .@HillaryClinton @people: RT Seriously. office. in day first his classrooms—on in guns allow to schools all force would .@realDonaldTrump → gone they're before them Get @evafehren. and @DVF from designs New -H @ChelseaClinton. daughter, wonderful my and mom, Charlotte's to Day Mother's Happy mom her on —Hillary known." she'd anything beyond far opportunities brothers my and me give to determined was "She —Hillary: others." serve and us help to able was she much how by life own her measured “Mom @HFA: RT mom. a become Chelsea watching and grandmother a becoming about talks Hillary gift." incredible an been only "It's House: White the reaches never @realDonaldTrump sure make to do can you what Here's idea. good a that's thinks who Here's Commander-in-Chief. next our be could Trump Donald nation. the across spread it families, Arkansas to program preschool innovative this introduced Hillary When hurting." still those up lift can that policies about talk honest requires nation just more a America "Making → Watch Virginia. in families working with discussion roundtable a leads Hillary Facebook: on Live women: for pay equal on —Hillary you" affects it working, is who daughter a sister, a wife, a mother, a have you "If —@VoxDotCom economy." the destroy would States United the to idea [Trump's] "Applying … @POTUS. to Kudos mammal. national our now is story success conservation first America's that Fitting @johnpodesta: RT us. of all for problem a That's do. men $1 every for $ just earn Women raise. a need Americans —@businessinsider economy." American the tank would that idea insane an floating is "Trump —@realDonaldTrump deal." a make could I crashed, economy the if that knowing borrow would "I Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT today. polls the to head Virginians, West care. child on income its of 10% than more pay to have should family No himself. for fight will other The you. for fight will candidate One @TheBriefing2016: RT illegal." wrong—it's only not was you to happened "What baby: her losing after fired was she Hillary told woman A live: watch to in Tune care. child about families with talking today Kentucky in Hillary's achieve. to struggling are Americans many too that necessity a It's few. the for luxury a isn't care child affordable Quality, 10%. than more spend to has family no sure make Let's care. child on income their of 40% spends wage minimum the earning parent Kentucky A much. too paid being are Americans that argued actually Trump Donald care, child for pay to struggling are families While —Hillary families." working all for affordable care child quality make we time It’s enough. is "Enough convention. @GOP the at delegate a be to leader nationalist white a selected just Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT Trump. de presidencia una evitar para mismo ahora hacer puedes que cosas Cuatro $0. be would wage minimum federal the way, his had Trump If -H parents: and teachers include that solutions need we and crisis, in are schools public Detroit's https:/… milestone: huge DREAMers--a to scholarships providing by opportunity of ladders build to continues .@thedream_us @lorellapraeli: RT family. every for affordable it make Let's tuition. college than expensive more even is care child states, many In everyone. for work economy the make and poverty, of out families of millions lift wage, minimum the raise to need We https:… states: these in live you if problem a only That's wage. minimum the for floor federal a for need no sees Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT @ for week banner a been It's help. some got they time It's care. child quality afford to struggle families of Millions Hillary: endorsing —@washblade continue." will it hands, her in safe only not is progress community's] LGBT "[The this. change to got We've Security. Social to contributing and retirement for saving in short-changed also they're less, paid are women When debt the with country the of rest the Saddle 2. Americans wealthiest the for taxes Cut 1. plan: tax Trump's Donald l… by Street Wall on tough be you can How banks! overseeing said @realDonaldTrump doing, stop should gov what asked When @elizabethforma: RT something. saying that's women—and on comments his than offensive more even are women affect that policies Trump's wage. minimum national the raise don't we if families up lift to going we’re how imagine to hard It’s show. reality a isn’t election This combined. 60% bottom the than relief tax more get would Americans of wealthiest the plan, tax Trump's Under —@RealDonaldTrump it." with playing love I debt, love do I debt, of king the am "I billionaires. for billionaires, by written plan tax a proposal: detailed one just released has Trump Donald important. more be not could education childhood Early 3. of age the before formed is brain child's a of 80% awkward. pretty probably was it why Here's met. just Trump Donald and Ryan Paul @TheBriefing2016: RT them." of one not is 'Quitter' people. many by things many called been "I’ve that. with luck Good —@realDonaldTrump party." Republican the to unity bring to want "We -H today. you of Thinking win. never will hate us taught have victims violence gun of mothers all and you Sybrina, him. let Don't backpedal. to trying he's Now week. last just ban Muslim proposed his by stood Trump care day on less lot a spend to you for plan a has Clinton Hillary @Wonkblog: RT … join: can you how Here's election. this win will that team the build to roles multiple for hiring is organizing HFA @HFA: RT —Hillary well." and alive be to Dream American the want I behind. left and out left feel to Americans want don’t "I Trump. Donald like Billionaires plan? tax Trump's Donald from benefits Who favor. the returned we time It's own. their like families our for care Nurses count." voice your make and world, the into yourself "Throw 1992: in graduates @Wellesley to advice Hillary's keep. they company the by someone about lot a tell can You Trump." "President of idea the with terms to come can't Republicans Even pay equal and women on Trump —Donald job.” a good as do you if same the make gonna “You’re taxes. in share fair their pay should economy our from most the benefited have who Those idea: simple a It's —@glamourmag college." public year 4 average the at tuition year’s a than higher is care child of cost annual "The ET: 3pm at plan care child new Hillary's on Q&amp;A Facebook a Join parents. working help to lot a do can We balance: work/life and care child on Q&amp;A a for moms) working (and advisors policy senior @HFA join → now Happening potential. their reach to Frankie like people for easier it make to can we everything do to got We've him. like people for cuts tax on T) a with (yes, trillion $3 spend to wants Trump Donald office. in day first his on classrooms in guns allow to schools force would Trump Donald FACT: excuses. of out he's like Looks returns? tax his released @realDonaldTrump hasn't Why @TheBriefing2016: RT it: prevent to do can you things four are Here presidency? Trump a about Worried Ohio. in friend new a Made speech: the Read 1969. in speaker commencement student first @Wellesley's was Hillary billionaires. for taxes cutting is which of one not raise, a families middle-class give can we ways 8 pregnant?" they're because liability a them make doesn't that women for do we can "What that. fix to got We’ve years. 15 about in Americans most for up gone haven’t Incomes —@VoxDotCom economía" la destruiría Unidos Estados los a Trump] [de idea la "Implementar —@POTUS virtue.” a not is ignorance life, in and politics “In refused. has Trump but returns, tax their released has 1976 since nominee presidential Every ht… bill. the with families class middle leaving taxes--and his paying avoiding career whole his spent Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT back. manufacturing American bring can we yes, So ever. year best its had just industry auto American The Room. Situation the in him imagine policy, foreign reckless Trump's about read you Whenever … forget. won't you concert a for Hillary and Wonder, Stevie @ricky_martin, @johnlegend, @AndraDayMusic, @xtina, Join @HFA: RT detenido. ha se No “crimen”. y “drogas” traen y "violadores" son mexicanos los que diciendo campaña su empezó Trump -H question. a be shouldn't This coverage. control birth deserves works, she where matter no woman, Every overseas. jobs move to incentives companies giving stop to got We’ve niños. y mujeres familias, las por décadas varias durante luchado ha Hillary cómo Conoce it? about brag you would Why Americans. as for stand we everything against goes vote to harder it Making one. like it treats who candidate a afford can't We show. reality a on being like isn't president Being Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT Oregon. and Kentucky for Day Primary It's know. won't voters returns, tax his release to refusing keeps he as long As taxes? in share fair his pay Trump Does kids. our of all for opportunity equal ensure to have We schools. segregated many too have still we Board, v. Brown after years 62 him. like millionaires Billionaires—and plan? tax Trump's from benefits Who that. change Let's to. used they as far as stretching aren't paychecks families, many too For worldwide. people LGBT against hate and violence ending to recommit let's Transphobia, and Homophobia Against Day International the On dry. to out families middle-class leave and Street, Wall on rules gut Trump: from idea reckless Latest https:… infer. can we But hiding. he's what know can't we returns, tax his releases Trump Until @TheBriefing2016: RT united. stronger always We’re out. turned who everyone to Thanks Kentucky! won just We back: her got you've if now in Chip started. getting just is election this but Kentucky, won just Hillary Kentucky. back, our having for Thanks billionaires. and millionaires raise—not a need that families middle-class It's America. in family a raise to easier it make Let's knows. he Only returns? tax his in hiding Trump Donald What's @TheBriefing2016: RT -H deserve. they pay overtime the receive Americans of millions sure making for @POTUS, you, Thank like. look would Court Supreme his what know to list Trump's on who's see to need don't You @TheBriefing2016: RT be? could that why Wonder returns. tax his in what's see to you want doesn't .@realDonaldTrump @SECARMY. Congrats, of. proud be all can we milestone branch—a military a of leader gay openly first The done. things get to together working about been always has America salarios. los subir para plan un tiene años—Hillary en aumento un recibido han no trabajadores Los Wednesday.) only (It's service. special a for together came churches Kentucky Two miércoles. es solo y … http… hiring: is @HFA president woman first the elect to going that’s team the join &amp; today Apply @MichelleWKwan: RT —@GabbyGiffords President." Madam words: two these say to want I January, come but me, for hard is "Speaking stake. at what's Here's Court. Supreme the to nominating consider would he judges 11 named Trump Donald -H this. fund fully should Congress in Republicans enough. not it's Zika—but of spread the combat to step necessary a is vote Senate Today's wrong. unconstitutional—it's this is only Not rights. basic women's attack politicians extreme while by sit can't We @CNN on —Hillary partners." our and friends, our ourselves, protecting ISIS, defeating of goal the toward can we everything put to have "We rhetoric anti-Muslim Trump's on —Hillary difficult." more countries those inside situation the makes and disrespect of message a sends "It —Hillary not." do I "No, —@ChrisCuomo president?" be to qualified is Trump Donald think you "Do rhetoric dangerous @realDonaldTrump's on —Hillary watching.” is world entire the States, United the of president for run you "When @CNN on —Hillary qualified." not is Trump Donald and strength as well as steadiness need You is. job this hard how know "I @CNN on —Hillary democracy." our to country, our to dramatic so is poses Trump Donald that threat "The @realDonaldTrump on —Hillary dangerous.” and divisive are that statements and issues those on exactly him after going “I’m primary GOP the on —Hillary him." with agreed fundamentally they because issues on him criticize couldn’t that field a out took "Trump —Hillary going." keep and off, yourself dust up, back get you whether is test real The life. in down knocked gets "Everybody —Hillary not." do I "No, president?" be to qualified is Trump Donald think you "Do Question: presupuesto aprobar deberían republicanos Los suficiente. es no combatirlo—pero para importante paso un es Zika sobre hoy Senado del voto El h… himself. for them took Trump Donald businesses. small struggling help to grants offered Government the 9/11, After @TheBriefing2016: RT it. like act should leaders Our NRA. the of interests the than important more is kids our of safety The importante. recordatorio Un face… color of women that sexism &amp; racism systemic the fighting to commit must we Action, of Day Nat'l This @ZerlinaMaxwell: RT work. needs definition your "qualifications," policy foreign as pageants hosting and torture supporting cite you If —Hillary prosperity." global improving to essential of education and health the in "Investing https://… critical. is it combat to funding for vote Senate Today's Zika. about more learn to Rico Puerto to me sent Hillary @Ann_OLeary: RT awesome. pretty is silo this but barriers, down breaking about is campaign This @HFA: RT difficult. more terrorists defeating make will States United the entering from Muslims ban to plan Trump's Donald disqualified. He's heartless. just isn't families American of expense the at gain own his for roots who candidate A threat: this combat to do can we what Here's year. this Zika get could Rico Puerto in people 4 in 1 estimated An out: find to quiz helpful this Take president? be to qualified Hillary Is https:/… employees. LGBT for protections anti-discrimination back roll to GOP House by move shameful another day, Another @dominiclowell: RT Americans of majority vast The Thanks, done. this get Let's Congress, Dear them. alienates and insults who one not ISIS, defeat to world the around leaders unite will who president a need We vote. that casting Enjoy Alicia. citizen, a becoming on Congratulations violence. gun senseless preventing while rights Amendment Second uphold can We @realDonaldTrump. wrong, You're qualified. not is Trump Donald smarts. and strength as well as steadiness requires presidency States United The Jersey. New in nurse a with out nerds Hillary … President." "Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is Speaking @GabbyGiffords: RT crisis. this fix to how Here’s rent. than more costs now care Child Clinton: Hillary by Op-ed @washingtonpost: RT abortion: an perform to felony a it make to voted Oklahoma in lawmakers Republican adelante. salir puedan todos que para plan un tiene Clinton Hillary birth. giving after soon too work to back go to have moms many Too that. into dig Let's president. be to qualifications Hillary's questioning is Trump Donald president. as be he'd dangerous how just proved Trump Donald week, This antes. como tanto rinden no ya ingresos los muchos, Para "normal." as this accept can't We violence. senseless to child a lose to has family other no sure make to want moms These dinner @TTMFoundation the at —Hillary racism." systematic against up stand obligation…to moral a have we believe "I —Hillary intimidated." be not will we and silenced be not will We lobby. gun the to pander not will I Trump, Donald "Unlike can. you as long as for can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do Trump. sobre dicen republicanos líderes que cosas otras y “xenófobo" "fraude", “Mentiroso", debt. of lifetime a not future, brighter a building about be should Education one. this like stories with country the across parents many too are There mom her on —Hillary kindness." and love of power the and courage, resilience, me taught "She Americans. of millions attacking they're unions, attack Republicans when so class, middle the build helped Unions families. working for fight the in all you join to Honored together. stronger we’re that unions than better knows Nobody @MaryKayHenry Convention. International @SEIU 2016 the address Hillary watch to in Tune Detroit in members @SEIU to —Hillary fights." my are fights Your this: know to you want I And heroes. unsung often are "You ahead. get to able be should you part, your do and hard work you If great: America made that bargain basic the pioneered movement labor The properties. his on campaigns organizing up break to firms union-busting hired has and much too paid being are Americans thinks Trump Donald @SEIU the to —Hillary in" me deal then card,' 'woman the playing is care child affordable and leave, family paid pay, equal for fighting "If —Hillary us.” of all is Office Oval the and Trump Donald between standing thing only “The —Hillary together." stronger we’re that is times, hard and times good through history, our of lesson "The way. our in stand can nothing together, work we When @HFA: RT happen. that let can't We about. care we issue every nearly on backward us pull would presidency Trump Donald A bluster. and bigotry with ISIS defeat can't We Trump. Donald stop to together come to time It's us. divides than us unites that more much so There's president. being business no has it for hoped who man A crash. 2008 the in homes and jobs lost Americans of Millions in. cash to tried Trump Donald suffered, families American While @TheBriefing2016: RT happen. to it for rooted Trump 2006, In homes. and jobs their lose to Americans of millions caused crash 2008 The lose. you wins, Trump Donald When @TheBriefing2016: RT president. be can't guy This homes. their lost Americans of millions crash, housing a for wish his got Trump When it. of off money make could he happen—because would it hoped he said @realDonaldTrump crashed, market housing the before Right expense. their at profit to tried Trump savings. and jobs, homes, families—lost Latino and black families—disproportionately of Millions pockets? own your pad to all families, of millions devastate would that crisis a for root actually to be to have you do cruel How again. wild run Street Wall let He'd families. middle-class hurts and millionaires helps plan economic His Trump. for anomaly an wasn't This himself. is for fight he'll person only The telling: is it but new, isn't well-being Americans' over gain own his prioritizing Trump chance: the gets never he sure make Let's companies. his bankrupted he like America bankrupt could Trump Donald expense. their at profit to tries who one not Americans, all for incomes raise to fighting who's president a need We needs." country our thinking of "kind the isn't homes their losing people of off profit to Trying that. than better We're hurt. get families working and his gets Trump means result” “good a world, Trump’s In now: Watch page! Facebook @TheEllenShow's on live Hillary's -H us). of all be should really (which vote to harder, not easier, it make should we think who those for win Big homes. their lose to Americans million 5 caused that crash housing the for rooted .@realDonaldTrump in. cash to chance a as it saw Trump Recession. Great the in destroyed savings life their saw families of Millions ellos. de costa a desplome este de enriquecerse esperaba Trump hogares, sus perdían personas de millones 5 Mientras ht… needs." country our thinking of "kind the its says he Now crash. housing the in families American against bet Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT process. the in hurt gets who matter no profit, a turn to looking career his spent has Trump Donald walls. not bridges, build we When them. denigrate not immigrants, embrace we When together. stronger We’re great. look himself making about care to seems he as much so great America making about care actually to seem doesn't Trump Donald coverage. health has American single every sure making toward march our continue and Act Care Affordable the on build to have We instead: do could we things Some billion. $25 least at cost likely would border the on wall Trump's ET. pm 4 at today @TheEllenShow Watch friend. good a with back be to Excited buck. quick a turn to can he anything or anyone exploit model: business @realDonaldTrump The @GovPeterShumlin. Thanks therapy." "conversion harmful love—not deserve They are. they way the perfect are kids LGBT Room? Situation the in that imagine you Can trail. campaign the on out theories conspiracy fueling is Trump Donald https… @POTUS move, Good transparency. for step emissions=important disclose to contractors federal Getting @johnpodesta: RT need. we infrastructure building by families of lot a help could we wall, his on waste would Trump money the With president. for @hillaryclinton endorses @UAW: RT money. that with do could we else what Here's billion. $25 cost would wall @realDonaldTrump's So, needs." country our thinking of "kind the isn't homes their losing people off profit to trying .@realDonaldTrump, plan. su de lugar en hacer podríamos que Lo millones. mil $25 unos menos al costaría frontera la en Trump de muro El right. get we what matter doesn’t it that, at fail we If kids. our protecting than important more nothing There’s profit. to chance a saw Trump disappear. savings and foreclosed homes their saw families crashed, economy the When → → Vegas Las in conference @UFCW the at speak Hillary Watch now: Happening —Hillary wage.” minimum federal the raising by start can We incomes. families’ raise to more do to got “We’ve —Hillary result.’” ‘good a be would jobs their losing &amp; homes their of out kicked getting families working off profiting said Trump “Donald —Hillary hurt.” get you and his, gets Trump—he Donald to is result’ ‘good a what know we “Now Blanca. Casa la a llegue Trump que detener podemos que únicos los somos Nosotros uniéndonos. es "bully" un a enfrentar de forma única La space. in astronaut LGBT first &amp; woman American first the was Ride Sally Dr. 1951, in day this on Born president. for nominee GOP the about know to need you all says Williams Brian @creynoldsnc: RT https://t.… pregnant. and working they're if not Just women." "cherishes he says Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT awkwardly is Trump, for that, impact major one has change climate Because @johnpodesta: RT more. agree Couldn't wall. a wants: Trump What grid. energy clean a schools, bridges, need: we What 1994 in —Hillary unfortunate." the and poor the on back its turns that great be can nation a think don't "I pregnancy. president—on next potential your from message a series: new a in first The combatirlo. para hacer podemos que lo es Esto año. este Zika el contraer podría Rico Puerto en personas 4 cada de 1 card," "woman the playing is care child affordable and leave paid pay, equal for fighting If @HFA: RT wall: Trump's homes. million 5 power to energy Clean schools. new 1,500 for: pay could billion $25 it. combat to ability our destroy would Trump President “hoax.” a is change climate thinks Trump Donald everyone: about just insulting week the spent Trump women, demeaning to veterans off ripping From president.) next your be could (He businesses. to "inconvenience" an is pregnancy workplace thinks Trump Donald → take Hillary's Here's Trump —Donald business." a for inconvenience an "Pregnancy wrong. them prove Let's us. behind are days best our say may side other the on Some Disgusting. problems. serious most world's the of one solving over Jersey New in nurse a with out wonk Hillary Watch America. of promise the That's life. better a kids our give we sure making is task important most Our demás. los a importar sin Beneficiarse Trump: de mantra El one. this families—including loving find kids of thousands helped Act Families Safe and Adoption The -H day. every and today freedom, our protect to lives their giving for gratitude profound our deserve heroes fallen Our thanks. eternal our deserve They freedom. our for price ultimate the paid have Betsy’s like families Star Gold What? happening. even is California in drought the that denying now he's change, climate deny Trump does only Not 1992. in trail the from Hillary of photos never-before-seen 10 Clinton Hillary of endorsement ever first makes group environmental Major @postpolitics: RT free. they're until rest can't We trafficking. human into forced are world the around Millions Commander-in-Chief. your be to wants he war—but of prisoners like doesn't .@realDonaldTrump close! But it. about lying then and vets scamming for publicity bad got You quite! Not @creynoldsnc: RT @JerryBrownGov: — Trump." Donald not office, of oath the takes who Clinton Hillary is it that sure be to want "I war. of prisoners about say to something has Trump ok?” captured, weren’t that people like “I need: they support the them give Let's words. empty than more deserve families their and members service Our fan). big a not (He’s war. of prisoners about ideas some has @realDonaldTrump Commander-in-Chief Aspiring endorsement presidential first-ever its on —@NRDC_AF her." with we’re why that’s And stake. at is future "The 7. June on Hillary for voting are Californians why Here's @JerryBrownGov. Now: @latimes. the First: https://t.… more: much about it's that president—and woman first the as history make she'd knows Hillary @TheCut: RT Americans: as duty solemn our of part is veterans our of care Taking rally. Hillary a at see you'll what know never You —@JerryBrownGov: one." day on country our lead to prepared be will experience long her with Clinton, "Hillary … it. negotiated who guy the from deal, climate Paris the on views misguided" "stunningly Trump's of takedown A @johnpodesta: RT it. afford least could who those upon prey to used scheme fraudulent a was University Trump "scam.” a as it described employees own University's Trump bu… ahead, get to way Americans hardworking promising campaign: whole his for metaphor it's because devastating is U Trump @brianefallon: RT … repulsive. completely just are naive and poor the on prey to employees University Trump of actions The @morningmoneyben: RT (1/2) University. Trump from degree a as worthless as are promises His fraud. a phony, a is Trump Donald know. I what Here's @MittRomney: RT nausea. cause Caution—may money. make to families on preyed that scam a was "University" Trump confirm documents New "sleazy." media the call to gall the has he And money. their take to students exploited &amp; deceived university for-profit Trump's gist: The classes. buy to took it cards—whatever credit out max retirement, out cash debt, on take to people push tactics: University's Trump of Some them. fleece to families struggling target employees: own its to according practice, University Trump Another fraud. word: a In packages. expensive outrageously sell to lied and experience no with instructors employed University Trump risk. at people put intentionally company Trump's ploy. marketing a as name a using steaks sell to thing one It's profit. own his is concern only His character: his matches record business his But "credibility." business his on built is candidacy Trump's country? our with him trust we can finances—how personal your with him trust can't you If Trump. about lot a says con University Trump The tactics. marketing predatory with them targeted then and vulnerable most those identified University Trump FACT: University. Trump at people those all scammed he way the America scam to trying He's fraud. a is himself Trump idea.'… 'best America's preserve to plan a has Hillary @NatlParkService, the of years 100 celebrate we As @johnpodesta: RT country. our to same the do He'd them. scammed he and futures, their with Trump entrusted students University Trump gain. own his for Americans vulnerable exploit to @realDonaldTrump for vehicle a was University Trump on. fight Let's Month. Pride Happy do. can't we nothing there's love, and courage with us: taught has equality LGBT for movement the What "university." Trump's about know to need you what Here's classes for pay to how on University —Trump card." credit your out max just , “It’s –@POTUS had." we've state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I chaos. security: national and policy foreign to approach Trump's for word one only There's https… accomplishment this in role a played who all &amp; @TheWCS @WhiteHouse, to thanks Many news. Important @ChelseaClinton: RT → Commander-in-Chief as Trump afford world—can't the America—and why on Hillary now: Watch Commander-in-Chief. be to unfit temperamentally he’s unprepared; just not He’s dangerous. he’s incoherent; just isn’t Trump America. with dice the roll him let cannot We hands. Trump’s Donald in grandchildren and children our of security the put cannot We prevail. we and purpose, with lead We walls. behind cowers that country a not We’re day. every us for deliver allies our And exceptional. us makes what of part is allies of network America’s trick. the do tweets—won’t nasty composing mocking, table—bragging, the to brings Trump Donald tools The arsenal. entire America’s but angry, he’s when disposal his at account Twitter his just not had he if Imagine wrong. all America got Trump’s Donald great. isn’t America that you tell anyone let Don’t codes. nuclear the have ever should who someone not is Trump Donald bigotry? in engages president our children—if own our for and world the set—for we example moral the to happens What enough. nearly doing not we're then , prevent to can we everything doing aren't we If policy foreign Trump's dictators to up Cozies ✔ allies our Alienates ✔ proliferation nuclear Supports ✔ pageant! mean a throw can he but ceasefire, a negotiated never has Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT same. the do should president next the families; protect will rule new @CFPB's long. too for Americans on preyed have lenders payday Abusive (yet). president even not he's and safe, less Americans making already is policy foreign Trump's Donald Commander-in-Chief. be to fit isn't Trump Donald reasons many) (many, the of Some Trump. Mr. para Recordatorio skin. thin very with brain" good "very one team: policy foreign Trump's Donald things. those all said literally You -H support. @MomsDemand's &amp; @Everytown have to Honored lobby. gun the by intimidated or silenced be never will We @POTUS. Thanks, it. expand and protect should Security—we Social privatize or cut Republicans let never can We … safety. gun with stands consistently who candidate only the is Clinton Hillary clear: is choice The @MomsDemand: RT behalf. our on decisions life-or-death making Room Situation the in him imagine temper, his loses Trump time Every tú. eres problema interés”—el de “conflicto un es no Esto Donald. No, highlights: the of some on up Catch speech? the Miss yesterday. policy foreign on Trump Donald schooled Hillary deadly." that's and directly, him quoting just 's Donald caricaturing not "She's .@maddow: https… system. highway interstate the built we since investments infrastructure boldest the making by jobs create Let's @mikereedschmidt: RT skin. thin very his under got somebody because just war a into us leading @realDonaldTrump imagine to hard not It’s here. bias of victim the *he's* thinks Trump because heritage his on based judge a attacking is Trump "No." Trump: racism?" of definition the not that race—is his of because job his do can't judge] [a "Saying Q: lies. outright and feuds, personal rants, bizarre of series a just really are "ideas" .@realDonaldTrump's Trump on take to candidate better the is Clinton Hillary @latimesopinion: RT forces. armed our in serve immigrants and Muslims that remember should he immigrants, or Muslims insults Trump When thinks. Donald what of regardless strong, us makes That heritages. and beliefs diverse of country a is America intolerancia. la valores—no los definen Nos país. este de parte es no y es quién definir de derecho el tiene no Trump them. from American an being about something learn could Trump military. the in distinction with serve immigrants Mexican and Muslims voter. time First citizen. DREAMer. staffer. HFA .@lorellapraeli: ¡Felicitaciones! vez. primera por votar pudo @lorellapraeli cuando momento emocionante El week. this said Trump thing worst the even wasn't that words—and own his and business, his veterans, about Lying most? the you appalled story Which @realDonaldTrump. REAL the saw we week, This -H family. his of Thinking conscience. and courage in also but skill, and power in just not Greatest—unmatched The was really Ali Muhammad heritage.” “Mexican his of because job his from disqualified be should U. Trump against lawsuit a over presiding judge the said Trump —Hillary is." Trump Donald as American an of much as he's and am, I as American an of much as is Curiel "Judge great. country this makes what about wrong He’s America. about wrong Curiel—he’s Judge about wrong just not Trump’s Donald race. our deeds—not and words by judged be should We is. skin your color what or born were parents your where matter doesn’t it America, In States. United the of President be to unfit him make they And deeds. his and words his by Trump Donald judge to time It's Increíble. chance. the him give can't We rights. LGBT on made we've progress the back roll to Trump for easy too all be It'd … coming. we're – Donald ready, Get like. look @realDonaldTrump beat to united Democrats what is This @elizabethforma: RT … caucus Dem Islands Virgin in winner projected is Clinton BREAKING: @NBCPolitics: RT English. learn to Beijing in speech 1995 Hillary's using are students ESL California These . amigos: tus a saber déjale y esto Comparte Hillary. por votar a ir de día tu es Hoy Rico! ¡Puerto Michaels —Caryn now." until publicly it about spoken never I’ve shooter. mass a by killed was son my ago, years "Two salgas. te No votar. a derecho el tienes 3pm las de antes o en fila la a llegas Si 3pm. las a cierran Rico Puerto en Urnas Room. Situation the near anywhere him let can’t we proves that @realDonaldTrump President of preview A home. come they when and serve they uniform—while in women and men our of care take to is job president's The -H Mubarak. Ramadan health. good and family, reflection, of time blessed a Muslims all wish I Ramadan, begin we As 2000 in —Hillary head." ugly its rears it wherever hate against stand must "We victoria! esta por Encanto del Isla la a ¡Gracias Rico! Puerto won just We offended. are Republicans other even disgusting, so are judge Latino a about comments bigoted .@realdonaldtrump's people. to listen and talk actually and himself after names he towers the of out come should Trump Donald for. fought they values the defending by them honor Let's lives. their gave who men brave the eulogize just not let's , after years 72 —@latimes Trump" on take to candidate better the is Clinton "Hillary lives. these of lot a save can We year. each violence gun from die people 33,000 California: in Trump on —Hillary insults." from exempted he's that country this in left be to going "Nobody's one. day on lead and Office Oval the into step can who candidate one only There's … Add: primary. CA the in her support to voters encouraging Snapchat, @HillaryClinton's over taken I’ve @billclinton: RT amigos: tus a saber déjale y esto RT voto. tu con mañana Hillary a apoyar Recuerda process: the in staff his belittling heritage—and Latino Curiel's Judge on attacks bigoted his intensifying is Trump tomorrow! vote SD, NJ, ND, NM, MT, CA, win. to primaries got we've but @AP, flattered, We’re vote: every for fighting keep Let's do. to work have still we but moment, historic a of brink the on are We together: election general the into head and strong primary this finish Let's tomorrow! turnout great a have Let’s said.👇🏼 she What @billclinton: RT thing. this win go Let's you. thank hard, so worked who's everyone To all. us inspires service of example Your Edelman. Wright Marian mentor, and friend a to birthday Happy voto: cada por luchando Sigamos hacer. que trabajo tenemos todavía pero histórico, momento un de borde al Estamos history. make to ready you're if RT … her" endorse to "proud is and the in @HillaryClinton for voted she @GMA tells @NancyPelosi WATCH: @ABCPolitics: RT Hillary. for voting you’re if this RT polls. the to head to day your it's SD, and ND, NM, NJ, MT, CA, amigos: tus a saber déjale y esto RT Hillary. por votar de día tu es Hoy today. ago years Eight it." in cracks million 18 about got 's glass hardest highest, that shatter to able weren't we "Although us. of one last every of potential the embraces and respects that America an build Let's -H you. for is Tonight president. want—even you anything be can you Yes, big: dreams who girl little every To break. to high too ceiling no and great too barrier no is there America, in that, pride with say can we Tonight, you. Thank campaign. this for fought donors and volunteers, organizers, of millions because possible only Tonight's magnet: free a with Celebrate tonight. history made we you, to Thanks Ready. president for run can they knowing up grow can girls little grateful &amp; Mom you, of proud So @ChelseaClinton: RT → Brooklyn in stage the takes Hillary as live Watch States. United the of President for nominee party’s major a be will woman a history, our in time first the For us. before men and women of generations of sacrifice and struggle the to thanks moment this reached We —Hillary back." your have always will I president, your "As America." stronger fairer, better, that toward working keep to need all we Sanders, Senator or primary, this in me supported you "Whether together. stronger are We together. better are We together. fairer are We idea. powerful but simple a It’s —Hillary Commander-in-Chief.” and president be to unfit temperamentally is Trump “Donald walls. than better are bridges and resentment, than better is empowerment division, than better is Unity us. define that values the as big as be to have We small. be can’t we great, be To down. other each tear up—not other each lift should We Americans. as are we who about Republicans—it’s and Democrats between fights old same the about isn’t election This —Hillary purpose." common of sense a with act and other, each to listen other, each respect we when stronger are "We vote." to right the women Constitution—giving the to Amendment 19th the passing was Congress Chicago, in born being was Mom day very the "On tonight. see to here been have could Mom Wish —Hillary us." of any limits—on ceilings—no no are there sure making about is campaign "This back: Hillary's got you've if in Chip do. to work more have we tonight—but history made We you. Thank House. White the to way the all side her by be to proud you're Hillary tell to 47246 to CONGRATS Text win. can equality &amp; Justice down. come can Barriers America. in happen can’t things great you tell anyone let Don’t … made. History proud. more be couldn't I it. proved she tonight and changemaker, ultimate the is Hillary saying keep I @billclinton: RT America. in happen can’t things great that you tell anyone let Don’t California! you, Thank together. history, making keep Let’s … @DavidMuir. with speech her before crowd cheering over out looks she as emotional gets @HillaryClinton WATCH: @GMA: RT President." "Madam words: two these say to want I January, come But me. for hard is Speaking @GabbyGiffords: RT mom. her be would it president, for nominated been she'd anyone tell and time in back go could Hillary If day. big a on country the around from pages Front History. President… woman 2nd the be I’ll “OK, said, She President. woman first the elect could we daughter 5-yo my told I AM This @originalgriz: RT making. the in years 227 headline A @HillaryClinton possible." is anything true, it's Mom, "See said old year 8 My @ConstanceZimmer: RT Hillary. from note A —Hillary together.” stronger are we that believe We idea: powerful but simple a “It’s caught get you if only check a Cut 3. nothing Do 2. causes to money Pledge 1. Philanthropy: of School Trump's Donald statement: our Read president! for @HillaryClinton endorsed has Club Sierra @sierraclub: RT bedtime. &gt; History lives. changing business—he's small a running than more doing is entrepreneur Oakland This House. White the in home a find not does denial climate sure make to have We @johnpodesta: RT office." this hold to qualified so someone been ever there’s think don’t "I Hillary: endorses Obama President -H go! to ready and up fired I'm @POTUS. me, with you have to Honored Hillary. endorse Obama President Watch done." job the get to heart the and compassion, the courage, the got "She’s account. your Delete —@POTUS Hillary." for campaign and there out get to wait can’t I and up, fired I’m her, with "I’m https://t.… Wednesday! on Wisconsin to @HillaryClinton and Obama Barack President back welcome to wait can't We @HillaryforWI: RT —@POTUS it." at good so be she’ll know I why That’s be. can job this hard how know "I presidencia". la para calificado tan alguien habido ha "Nunca Clinton. Hillary para apoyo su anuncia Obama presidente El —@steelworkers families." their and Americans working with stands Clinton Secretary issue, every virtually "On —Hillary: interests" special &amp; corporations by sold and bought voices—not voters' by shaped be should elections "Our —@POTUS her." with I'm close. up values our to commitment and toughness, judgment, her seen "I’ve support. your have to Honored —@POTUS it." at good so be will Hillary know I why That’s be. can job this hard how know "I —@POTUS made." we’ve progress the on build November—we’ll in win just won’t come we "When —@SenWarren guts” with fighter a fighter, a she’s because Clinton Hillary supporting “I’m —@SenWarren States" United the leads who person the be cannot That it. off profit a makes he as long as hurt gets who care "doesn’t Trump fighter." a "She's @maddow: on Hillary endorsing .@SenWarren Obama. Thanks, -H families. working for concerned deeply and decent, honest, opposite: exact Trump's is who woman @SenWarren—a of support the have to Proud @POTUS. you, Thank —@SenWarren: president" next the is Clinton Hillary that sure make and fight this in jump to ready “I’m team: our join to Apply November. in win a home bring to country the across hiring We're America. of States United the leads who one the be cannot Trump Donald @Maddow: to .@SenWarren Parenthood Planned to —Hillary you.” Thank enough: often hear don’t you something saying by start to want I "Today, @PPact to —Hillary them.” transformed also lives—it women’s saved only not families their plan to able “Being leave? paid child—like a raise to easier it make that policies oppose also abortion and control birth oppose who politicians the notice Ever now. it repeal to need We color. of women women—disproportionately low-income of rights reproductive the restricts Amendment Hyde The it. afford can who women just it—not need who all for abortion legal safe, to access defending means health women’s Defending safe. less women make just it—they seek to likely less women make don’t abortion to access restrict that Laws women. for best what’s idea no has abortion legal safe, out wipe and @PPFA defund who'd Anyone women." for best "the be he'd says Trump rights. our protect less women—much respect to him on count even can't We animals.” “disgusting and “dogs,” “pigs,” women called has Trump families. their and women back hold that barriers the all down break to going We’re ceiling. glass the break to going just not We’re Obama. presidente del mensaje el Mira trabajo”. el realizar para corazón el y compasión la valentía, la tiene “Ella -H deal. BIG… a is support Your Biden! @VP Thanks, right.) he’s once, (For respect. with women treats he say can’t Trump Hillary: on —@elizabethforma tough." She’s there. out She’s fighter. a "She’s —@realDonaldTrump encountered." ever you’ve that person racist least the am "I so. think Don't women.” for best “the be he’ll says .@realDonaldTrump president. becoming business no has women for disrespect and contempt much this with man A history. camera, Lights, https:… clear: more be couldn't environment the on Trump Donald &amp; @HillaryClinton between divide The @sierraclub: RT Commander-in-Chief. and president be to unfit temperamentally is .@realDonaldTrump $35,000! of price low the for risk—all at finances own your put and pockets Donald's Pad University: Trump -H disavow. should Rs hers. for senator heritage, his for Judge him. challenges who anyone insults he script staff's his off goes Trump When country." our lead to need we that champion environmental strong the be will Clinton "Sec. himself): for millions pocketed (but casinos City Atlantic his bankrupted He failure. total A businessman? the Trump losses: huge posted Trump's thrived, City Atlantic in casinos other when decade a During chips: in million $3 buying by out him bail to had dad his payment, interest million $18 an make to had Trump When owed. were they what paid got never that businesses small of universe whole a hurt he failed, casinos Trump's When president. being business no has way that thinks who man A millions. made HE because success a casinos shuttered his considers Trump Donald -H act. horrific this by affected those with are thoughts my information, more for wait we As FL. from news devastating the hear to up Woke acto horrible este de afectados los con están pensamientos información,mis más esperamos Mientras FL. de noticia devastadora la con Desperté statement: Hillary's Orlando." in attack the of victims the for praying in Americans join "I Orlando in attack the on —Hillary hate." of act an also was This terror. of act an was "This —Hillary them.” of one am I country. our across allies of millions have you that know please community: LGBT the "To attack FL the on —Hillary criminals." violent other or terrorists of hands the of out night last used ones the like guns keep to need "We FL in attack the on —Hillary country." and communities our defend to can we everything do to resolve and together stand to time a is "This Orlando. en ataque el sobre Clinton Hillary de Declaraciones —Hillary hate." to answer the not is entire an on war declare and demagogue, demonize, cannot "We → Orlando in attack terrorist the on speaks Hillary live: Watch victims Orlando the on —Hillary give." to more lot a had all sisters, and brothers daughters, and sons were "They respond. and resolve our steel to have we Now furious. us makes and us, scares hearts, our breaks always people innocent of murder The strategy counterterrorism her on —Hillary priority." top a wolves lone stopping and identifying make will I president, "As attacks. out carry to need they weapons the getting from terrorists stop to need We asked. questions no with gun a buy go just to able be shouldn’t you links, terrorist suspected for you watching is FBI the If so. do to them for harder it make should We Americans. kill to AR-15 the like weapons assault used terrorists Bernardino, San and Orlando In them. for fight to need We lives. save and some, stop they'll attack—but every stop not might ban weapons assault an and checks Background dangerous. it's and wrong, It’s terror. hate and freedom love who Muslims of majority vast the hurts rhetoric anti-Muslim Inflammatory Americans. all on attack an is American any on attack An bigotry. and hatred of out Americans LGBT targeted Orlando in terrorist The —Hillary them." of one am I back. your have always will who allies of millions have you today: grieving people LGBT the all "To together. stand to have We violence. by marked being fear without and openly, freely, live to struggle the of examples many too seen We’ve stronger. us makes It liability. a not terrorism, against struggle the in asset an is society diverse open, Our hate. who those all and terrorists the to rebuke better no is There together. proud be and together stand to have We stronger. us makes It asset. an It’s terrorism. against fight the in liability a isn’t diversity Our odian que aquellos todos a y terroristas los para respuesta mejor hay No juntos. orgullo sentir unirnos, que Tenemos streets. our on place no have Bernardino San and Orlando in used those like war of Weapons history: in shooting deadliest the on Hillary familiar." mind-numbingly become that’s nightmare "A attack: Orlando the on address Hillary's together." it meet we if — challenge this meet can we doubt no have "I America. in gun a buy to dangerous too you're plane, a on get to dangerous too you’re If Orlando. en tragedia tras —Hillary estadounidenses” los todos a ataque un es estadounidense, cualquier a ataque “Un lives. save will they attack—but terrorist or shooting every stop not might laws prevention violence Gun Today… wrong. is rhetoric divisive @realDonaldTrump's immigrants. women, Latino, black, Jewish, Muslims, are people LGBTQ @ChadHGriffin: RT responds: Hillary as live Watch Orlando. in attack terrorist the about spoke Trump Yesterday, —Hillary hands." wrong the into fall don’t guns sure making while rights Amendment Second protecting of capable are Americans we believe "I —Hillary us." divides than us unites that more ’s same the on all we’re opinion, of differences those despite that believe "I us. defeat hate let won’t we say: to together coming are identities gender and orientations, sexual backgrounds, faiths, different of People president. for running he’s when another It’s personality. TV reality a was he when thing one was It shameful. is rhetoric Trump's plans. concrete and sense, common leadership, need We self-congratulations. pathological and theories conspiracy need don’t Americans —Hillary Laden." bin got we that mattered Laden—it bin called we what matter didn’t It say. we what just not do, we what matters "It religion." entire an on war declare not will I But listening. been hasn’t he is, it what threat this call won’t I suggests Donald "If Donald. like Queens—just in born was Orlando in terrorist The nonsensical. instance, this in and dangerous, wrong, is ban Muslim Trump's wrong." Also screening. any without country our into refugees of flood a let I’ll said He Wrong. Amendment. 2nd the abolish I’ll said "He himself. for say to substantive nothing has he that fact the from distract to has he because them tells he lies—but are statements Trump's them. address actually that plans real with complexity, their all in challenges our with grapple can who Commander-in-Chief a need We asked? questions no gun, a buy can terrorism for FBI the by watched being people bottles—but shampoo full with planes board can’t People offer. to has Trump anything by helped be will this of None safe. citizens our and country our keep to together work to need We all. way—for one worship or love or look who those for just Not all. for justice and liberty with indivisible, God, under nation one is This internet: the on expression of freedom and innovation, consumers, for win big a is decision Today's here: location polling your Find Washington, today, Hillary for voting you're if RT Americans. all on attack an is Americans LGBT on attack An terrorism. defeat to us for harder it makes it and wrong, is Americans Muslim Attacking .@realdonaldtrump: you. Thank nation. our protect and serve to call the answered have soldiers @USArmy brave years, 241 For values. our of best the represents that note a him left @GeorgeHWBush office, took @BillClinton When voted. who everyone to Grateful ! Washington, won just We conspiracy a is Trump Donald saying are people of lot A … families. these with solidarity In broken. is heart My hermanas. y hermanos mis en Pensando @lorellapraeli: RT self-congratulations. and theories terrorism—conspiracy defeating for "plan" his us gave just Trump Donald … zone. combat a in while embezzlement of troops other of thousands and me accused just candidate presidential A @bkesling: RT together. stronger been always we've And "me." not "we," of country a been always has America himself. for say to substantive nothing has he that fact the from people distracting at expert an is Trump Donald being… against is that campaign a running just He’s correctness. political against campaign a running isn’t Trump Donald @JesseFFerguson: RT theories. conspiracy and lies with attack terrorist a to responding nominee presidential @GOP Your @ChrisMurphyCT. strong Stand them. of one is violence gun Preventing silent. stay to important too are fights Some reform. immigration pass and DACA/DAPA protect to need We ago. years 4 DACA on action @POTUS's to thanks together are families of Thousands migratoria. reforma una aprobemos y DACA/DAPA Protejamos DACA. sobre @potus de acciones las a gracias juntas están familias de Miles speech: Orlando Trump's to react Newspapers hands" ISIS's into "Plays low" "new A values" our on "assault An Trump. que igual NY Queens, en nació terrorista el musulmanes—pero de entrada la prohibirá y afgano” “un nació terrorista el que dijo Trump … action. deserve They families. their and victims the forget never us Let @SenatorBaldwin: RT you. with fight this in be to Proud @SenWarren. you, Thank "city." favorite Trump's Donald Belgium: team. this on @POTUS have to Proud @HFA: RT asked. questions no America, in gun a buy can links terrorist suspected with people that absurd It's been. it's year a what And president. for campaign his announced @realDonaldTrump today, ago year One @HillaryClinton endorse proudly we and spoken, have people Working @AFLCIO: RT movement." labor the of champion a as herself proven has Clinton “Hillary election: general the of ads first the of One kids. million 8 for care health get helped Hillary -H vote. the to forward Looking note. take senators GOP hope I like. looks leadership what showing for Chris, Thanks ceilings. glass many so shattered who's someone of support the have to honor an It’s you. Thank .@oprah us. defeat never can hate together, stand we if differences, our Despite @SpencerJCox. you, Thank Cox: Jo on —Hillary intolerance" political of act violent a by short cut was life her that terrible and cruel is "It https:/… act. to failing STILL Congress US, in w/Zika women pregnant more hundreds &amp; Zika from defects w/birth born babies 6 @Ann_OLeary: RT ad: latest Our this." does she why see you moments quiet the in "It's @HFA: RT Hi. president. for candidacy his announced Trump since year a been only it's believe to Hard Helpful. opposite. exact the done he's reality, In veterans. supporting supposedly of show big a made has Trump no. Yeah, community. LGBT the of friend" real "the he's says Trump Donald Michael. you, Thank equality. in stake a have all We community. LGBT the with stand to LGBT be to have don't You -H change. to need We stop. to has This others. many Too Newtown. in 26 Sunday. on Orlando in 49 Charleston. in lives 9 lost we ago year One fear. without and openly, freely, life live can American LGBT every until fighting stop can't We fails. never love that remember and change, for fight divides, our bridge let’s , the of spirit the In together. them fight to need We Charleston. in racism Orlando, in isolated—homophobia aren't hate and violence Gun space. to go to astronaut LGBT first and woman American first the became Ride Sally 1983, 18, June On veteran. a hire done, job the get to someone needs and hiring is organization or business your If Mezvinsky. Clinton Aidan son, our of birth the celebrate we as love and gratitude with overwhelmed are I and Marc @ChelseaClinton: RT @BostonGlobe the to —@SenWarren guts.” with fighter a fighter, a she’s because Clinton Hillary supporting “I’m … special. something was 7 June but photographer, @HillaryClinton's as moments special of lot a witnessed I've @barb_kinney: RT been. it’s year a what And week. this ago year one campaign his launched Trump Donald —@SenWarren cookie." tough one got We fighter. a is who Clinton Hillary in candidate a got "We've @HFA: RT … home. common our for care Let's all. of most vulnerable the hurts change Climate right: is .@Pontifex @rosenbergerlm: RT @BillClinton! Day, Father's Happy heard. voices their making are supporters these but vote, to young too be may They Day. Father's on dad her remembers Hillary @HFA: RT president. our was this if Imagine -H grateful. So Aidan. grandson, new our with being joy a What … Chelsea! and Marc for thrilled are I and Hillary Day. Father's this happy very dads two made has Aidan @billclinton: RT president. woman first the for rooting she's Today, vote. to right the won women when old years 5 was Shirley photo. this behind story the read to want You'll human. less you make not does LGBT Being rights. gay are rights human and rights human are rights Gay summer. of day first Happy … recession." "lengthy a cause would plans economic 's @realDonaldTrump : @MoodysAnalytics from line Bottom @mpshapiro: RT night. historic a at look behind-the-scenes A prevention: violence gun on act to senators your Tell prayers. than more victims violence gun of families owe We act. to Congress for time It's sense. common just is This them: support you senators your Tell violence. gun prevent to measures commonsense on vote will Senate the Tonight, prevention: violence gun on action demand all Let's @ChrisMurphyCT. too, me inspire You tonight: checks background expand to vote to senators your Tell violence. gun prevent to enough not are prayers Our -H them. welcoming to commitment our reaffirm let's , On refugees. and immigrants of nation a been always has America them. of one you're if RT violence. gun reduce to steps support owners) gun (and Americans of majority overwhelming An -H Enough. officials. elected our from prayers and thoughts than more demand to time It’s are. we who not it’s and values, our reflect doesn't worldview Trump’s right—Donald is .@JoeBiden know: wait—we Oh economy? the to do he will What ground. the into companies driving rich gotten Trump's —@WSJ jobs." million by employment reduce prolonged a produce could proposals economic "Trump's course. of himself, Why, on? resources campaign meager his spending Trump is What peo… American the failed Senate the test, that failing In action. requires It silence. of moments than more requires violence Gun @POTUS: RT "t." a "trillion"—with That's years. 20 over debt national the to trillion $30 add would plan tax Trump's Donald Ohio: from live economy, the on speaks Hillary themselves. just families—not for fight should president Our —Hillary done." it get you’ll how and it, for pay to going you’re how do, to want you what say should you president, for running you’re "If matter.” they because specifics the sweat wonky, little a admit—it's “I’ll recession. deep a into us put would Trump agree: @MittRomney and .@elizabethforma economy. global the to threats biggest 10 the of one Trump Donald declared .@TheEconomist ours. it’s president, for running he’s when But business. his recklessness—that’s his of proud is Trump Donald —Hillary country." this in high too are wages that said and November in stage debate a on stood actually Trump "Donald @realDonaldTrump on —Hillary already." aren’t we if men—as as job a good as do they as soon as pay equal making start will women says "He plan economic reckless Trump's on —Hillary away.” gamble just can we something not is States United the of credit and faith full “The happen. that let can't We Obama. President under years 8 past the over made we’ve progress the of much so undo would Trump" "President plan tax Trump's on —Hillary people." hardworking million 120 to would he than 120,000 the to away more giving "He’s —Hillary painful.” more and longer Depression Great the made it isolationism, Trump-style for opted we time last “The 11. Chapter at end to seem all they business—but about books of lot a written has Trump —Hillary: years” for exploiting been he’s people are now him for vote to get to trying [Trump's] people same "The bankruptcy.” with play “I brag, would mistakes his of consequences the faced actually never who’s someone only .@realDonaldTrump, Trump on —Hillary emergency?” an in us leading want you who this Is stake. at are savings and jobs your when charge in being him "Imagine people. other destroying by it do shouldn’t they know we but – successful being people begrudge don’t we America, In us: Join behind. left is one no and shot equal an gets everyone ensures that economy an build to need We 11. Chapter at end to seem all they but business, about books of lot a written has .@realDonaldTrump Americans. working million 120 for would it than families richest 120,000 the for taxes more cut would plan Trump's … speech. Columbus in him against words @realDonaldTrump's uses .@HillaryClinton @OhioPoliticsNow: RT Hillary: backing are industries across unions labor Why —@AFLCIO values." our shares who leader proven “A jobs. create to plan actual no has Trump Donald game. a isn’t economy our him tell should Someone debt.” with playing love “I says, Trump watching: worth It's today. Columbus in task to policy economic reckless Trump's Donald took Hillary —@TheAtlantic economy." the destroy would plans economic "Trump's casinos. @realDonaldTrump's than years 30 last the in often more 11 Chapter for filed has company major No FACT: like. looks leadership real what is This … → campaign the with involved get can you how discuss to @JessLivMo &amp; @MarlonDMarshall @HFA's Join Facebook: on Live @HFA: RT here. Watch everyone. for work economy the make to plan Hillary’s Carolina: North from now Live —Hillary can." you ways the all in can you people the all for can you good the all do say: to like Methodists we "As other. the with slips pink out give and hand one with dollars taxpayer take to wrong It’s forgotten: have to seem corporations many Too family. a support to enough pays that job a find to able be should hard work to willing American Every —Hillary decades.” in infrastructure American in investment biggest the be will plan my of heart “The color. of communities in especially people, young for jobs create to specifically billion $20 invest to going We’re College: School: Pre-K: success: to path a have should child Every them. scapegoat not teachers, our support should We —Hillary wages." good of, instead not of, top On employees. with profits share to companies more for priority national a it make will "I home. at here received they breaks tax back give overseas jobs ship that companies make We’ll care. child on income their of 10% than more spend to have shouldn’t Families —Hillary it.” done I’ve because together, work can Democrats and Republicans know I … possible is “Progress debt. national our to trillion $30 than more add would billionaires &amp; millionaires for cuts tax .@realDonaldTrump’s 11. Chapter be can’t it and – Dream American the in chapter new a need We casinos. his did he way the America bankrupt Trump let can’t We together. country our building in everyone enlist to need we other, each against people pitting of Instead … along: Follow today! account Instagram Hillary's over taking is Mook Robby Manager Campaign @HFA: RT do. they work the for less women pay to able be should America in company No it. through on live She'll values. her and work her on carrying by birthday Cox's Jo celebrate Let's @rosenbergerlm: RT its… continue Let's too. America and , of millions for opportunity creating , the signs FDR today, ago yrs 72 @jmurray20: RT -H violence. gun on act to have We voices. our off cut can't they but cameras, the cut have may Republicans House families middle-class Americans, LGBT Americans, African Latinos, women, Muslims, for valid not *offer You* managers. fund hedge many than rate tax higher a have nurses and teachers that ridiculous It’s … today: Apply campaign. the of stretch final the for HQ Brooklyn our at us join to interns fall for looking We're @HFA: RT going. keep Let's ruling. historic the under disabilities with those for progress of years 17 of Proud … prize. the on eyes our keep must We out. give or in give or up give cannot We @repjohnlewis: RT " overcome shall "We singing floor House the On @YvetteClarke: RT che… background universal or weapons deadly getting from terrorists suspected stop to vote without House recessed just GOP @RepDanKildee: RT held. floor the Consider anywhere?! going are @HouseDemocrats like look it Does @RepTimRyan: RT for fighting we're who are They @RepJohnLarson: RT … vote. a allow will colleagues Republican our if see to chamber House in now right waiting are We @RepBecerra: RT … actuar de momento Es fuego. de armas por causada violencia la parar para acción de falta la por indignado Estoy @RepRubenGallego: RT … legislation! gun on consciences our vote us Let sit-in? this end to way effective more a know to want .@SpeakerRyan, @RepJudyChu: RT http… sitting I'm where frm like looks the what is This @RepDuckworth: RT holiday… 4 July for early home House sent has @SpeakerRyan legislation, safety gun sense common on vote &amp; debate than Rather @RepKClark: RT https… violence. gun reckless of families &amp; victims the for acting without leave not will we .@SpeakerRyan, @repjohnlewis: RT -H better. do must We deportation. facing families million 5 apart tear could ruling immigration heartbreaking Today's más. hacer que Tenemos deportación. de riesgo en familias de millones 5 separar podría inmigración de de decisión Desgarradora -H some. just not American, every to open be should education higher to doors The all. us for win a is decision Fisher Court's Supreme The gender. their matter no opportunity, equal deserve students All ever: than truer passed, since years 44 -H up. give can't We better. demanded and violence gun on inaction Republican exposed has determination Your . you, Thank feeling. the know We country. their to coming Trump about thrilled not are Scotland in People York. New Bravo, products. menstrual affordable to access deserves woman Every issue: economic an is health Women's casinos. his bankrupted he way the America bankrupt @realdonaldtrump let can’t We rate. tax lower a pay them of many → takeover! Snapchat state 8 our see to along Follow @HFA: RT president. next the of hands the in families—is undocumented of millions reform—and immigration of fate The —Hillary made." have Kingdom United the of people the choice the respect "We families. working hurt not does events these by created uncertainty economic the that sure make to be to has task first Our off… profit to tried who person a is this business, for good is pound of depreciation saying Trump by shocked anyone For @GideonResnick: RT —Hillary House." White the in leadership experienced steady, calm, for need the underscores only uncertainty of time "This https… about" talk to nothing “there's says Trump , about advisors policy foreign any to talked he whether Asked @TheBriefing2016: RT benefit. would personally, he, how about Talking the in was Trump Donald , the after Hours -H equality. toward march Americans' LGBT on milestone important another marking for @POTUS, you, Thank -H courage! work—and hard the up Keep age. her what matter no pay, equal deserves woman Every Jensen. you, for Good violence. and bullying acceptance—not and love deserve They are. they way the perfect are kids LGBT 2000. in States United the of Lady First the with parade pride gay NYC's in marched he time the on .@BarneyFrank safe. stay Please flooding. by impacted those with are sympathies and thoughts Our @TalleySergent: RT are. we who not That's Monday. on fired and Saturday on married get can Americans LGBT states, some In change. to has This discrimination. face still but progress, much so seen have seniors LGBT here: win to Enter Hillary. with @HamiltonMusical at night your of story the tell You'll @HFA. Love, you. with We're community: LGBT the To ht… 12th: July on @HamiltonMusical at @HillaryClinton join to tickets win to chance a for Enter @HamiltonMusical: RT world. the around and home at equality, for fighting keep to going We're rep… protecting &amp; reform justice criminal &amp; immigration wages, raising like champions, Hillary issues reflects @mayaharris_: RT tackling… and pipeline, school-to-prison the and incarceration mass ending for calls ever, time first the For @mayaharris_: RT fe… indexing &amp; raising for calling &amp; law wage min NY’s citing hour, an $15 least at earn should Americans says @mayaharris_: RT repr… to access women’s restricts which Amendment, Hyde the repealing for calls explicitly time, first the For @mayaharris_: RT maps). favorite our of one (still later year One bar—HR… meet doesn’t TPP believe Dems many fact reflects trade; on standards high &amp; principles progressive has @mayaharris_: RT https://… millions. deport and apart families tear would that force' 'deportation a for called has Trump mistake, no Make @lorellapraeli: RT her. with We're @dominiclowell: RT violence. or discrimination from free marry and work, live, to deserves American LGBT Every Hillary: with @HamiltonMusical see to tickets Win shot: your Here's happens? it where room the in be to Want -H don't. they until marching keep Let's barriers. many too face still Americans LGBT Yet court. highest our in triumphed love ago, year One ! Happy https://t… 🌈 too! are you if 47246 to PRIDE Text 💁 . why That's equality. LGBT for champion a is .@HillaryClinton @jessetyler: RT violencia. y discriminación de libres amar y trabajar vivir, merecen LGBT personas Las at —Hillary interests." business personal their of ahead people American the of interests the put need "We —Hillary ever." now—not Not this. accept cannot the in country other any than States United the in shootings mass more are "There laws. gun our strengthen to together come to us for time It's dancing. or praying, teaching, learning, while down gunned be should person No better. deserve Americans prevention. violence gun on forward move to leadership Republican convince could Congress in sit-in a even Not results. deliver actually to have tweet—you snarky a with respond can’t You solutions. real for you on count Americans office in you're When country. a as for stand we everything against goes common—and too all is people LGBT against Discrimination Texas. de Sifuentes —Armandina Unidos” Estados los fuera que de antes 1731 desde aquí estado ha familia “Mi hate. and violence, prejudice, of free lives their live can Americans LGBT all until fighting stop can’t We here: Enter Hillary. with @HamiltonMusical see to tickets Win shot. your away throw not Do juntos. historia haciendo Continuemos president. volatile a is need we thing last the world, volatile a In it." for pushing Hillary have didn’t we if today existence in be wouldn’t program health children’s “The -H reality. in but paper, on just right—not a be should abortion Safe America. across and Texas in women for victory a is decision SCOTUS's -H rights. basic their exercising for "punished" be won't Women health. women's protect to has president next The over: isn't fight This … Cincy! in stage the take Warren Elizabeth and @HillaryClinton until down count we as smiles All @HillaryforOH: RT Ohio: in @elizabethforma with stage the takes Hillary as live Watch —@ElizabethForMA Trump.” Donald like just guys rich for greater even it make means he great, America make he’ll says Trump Donald "When Hillary on —@ElizabethForMA hate.” and greed by driven is who bully thin-skinned a beat to takes it what knows "She @elizabethforma on —Hillary president." be to unqualified totally and unfit temperamentally is: he what for [Trump] exposes "She right. it make to chance a is election This success. to barriers facing are families while cuts tax more get millionaires that wrong It's relief. families and students hard-working give to got We’ve continue. crisis debt student the let can’t We first. families our put Let’s taxes. of share fair their pay wealthy the and Street Wall that sure make Let’s workers. for it do can they executives, for it do can they If wage. good a pay and employees with profits share that companies reward We'll century: 21st the of superpower energy clean the America making by change climate fight will We America. named aren’t that places in made are products own his but great, America making about talks and countries other against rails Trump stake. at savings and job your with charge, in him Imagine crisis. a faces America time next the Office Oval the in sitting Trump Imagine casinos. his bankrupted he way the America bankrupt Trump Donald let to going not are We —@ElizabethforMA country." our in place no have bigotry and injustice, hatred, racism, that believes "Hillary @ElizabethForMA. with Ohio in trail campaign the hit to day great A Chicago from live —Hillary chance." fighting a chance, a given be to want struggles…they their about us telling [are] "Americans —Hillary himself." for it in He’s people. American the for this in not he’s that proves Trump Donald day, "Every —Hillary matters." say you what believe I it earn to got You’ve you. trusting into someone talk just can’t "You will." I than families your and you for harder fight will one No doubts: have may who voters to say I what "Here’s @POTUS Featuring Vote, To Registering Than Harder Are That Things 5 @BuzzFeed: RT … affected those assist to stamp USPS a create to working is @StampOutPTSD and Day Awareness PTS National It's @jmurray20: RT well-connected. the or rich the just not everyone, for work to economy our need We complicated: not It's ad: new the Watch covered. are Kayla like kids million eight Program, Insurance Health Children's the to Thanks —@elizabethforma Hillary." vs. Donald few: a do just let's so values, about is election "This granted. for it take can't we victory—but major a is rights reproductive upholding decision Today's himself. for only it in people—he’s American the for it in not he’s that day every proves Trump Donald https://… need. we leader climate the she's showed again @HillaryClinton energy, clean 100% to move to efforts supporting By @sierraclub: RT entrepreneurs: for debt student forgive to wants Clinton Hillary @WIRED: RT ht… boost. a people working 114,000 giving hour, an $15 to wage minimum its raises DC Washington @EconomicPolicy: RT them: stop we how Here's laws. gun our in loopholes the of advantage taking are Terrorists himself. about cares only Trump if as almost It's two. that Make done? things gets who progressive A https://… explains: @HillaryClinton dignity." and purpose with work have should people that believe "I @LinkedIn: RT … policies partisan harmful inject to place the not are emergencies Health Public right: are Dems Senate @Ann_OLeary: RT progress. and struggle of decades community's LGBT the to monument national a as Stonewall celebrate we later, years 49 @dominiclowell: RT Bangladesh: in shirts—made his of one Here’s now. right outsourcing about speaking Trump's -H Alzheimer's. end to commitment of kind that exactly need We none. to ethic—second work Her legendary. is record Summitt's Pat → years 3 to up for loans student their defer entrepreneurs let should We plan: New —Hillary violence." and hatred of campaign this against Turkey of people the with united stand Americans "All → creators. content digital @YouTube with hall town Hillary's Watch Angeles: Los from Live —Hillary victim." a remain yourself let to not enough strong are "You how: Here's everyone. for work economy the make let's recession, another risking and debt up driving of Instead https://… businessman. a as 10 least at in made products had Trump state. of secretary as countries 112 visited Hillary @TheBriefing2016: RT https… trip! their on info more for 47246 to NC Text Charlotte. in together stop first their making are @POTUS and Hillary @HillaryforNC: RT spaces. public other and airports stations, train In WiFi. free words: Two -H pick. they side which Watching agenda. political a or families choose can Council Executive NH the Parenthood, Planned on vote today's In doing… for Council Executive the &amp; @Maggie_Hassan done Well victory. a is funds Parenthood Planned restore to vote Today’s @HillaryforNH: RT neutrality: net defend and internet open an protect to obligation an have We country. the in state every nearly to us taken primary's the California, to Iowa From Oman Bangladesh Singapore Korea South Taiwan Kong Hong Honduras Vietnam China Mexico like: places in made were They @realDonaldTrump. ties, Cool … economy: our for good it's kids, our for good just isn't teachers science computer new 50,000 on Bringing @johnpodesta: RT possible. connections online fastest the have we sure make to internet 5G deploy should We you?" would me, for mother your "Thank son: teacher's a with education childhood early talks Hillary @HFA: RT … now: apply and information more Get November. in win a home bring to country the across organizers hiring We're @HFA: RT president." becoming of a…chance has Trump “Donald @realDonaldTrump. back, going not We're path." prosperous and stable a on back economy island’s the put to Rico Puerto of people the with fight will "I prosperidad. y estabilidad de camino un en vuelta de Isla la de economía la poner para PR de pueblo al junto Lucharé Hillary. Team with Pride City York New from Scenes it. attack Parenthood—not Planned support they'd health, women's protect to wanted actually Republicans If Onward. continues. equality toward march our but close, a to coming is Month Pride https… home. her in danger in be should child No Ariel. Hallel 13-year-old of murder terrorist heinous the by Heartbroken @rosenbergerlm: RT … @HRC with video produced Murphy Ryan new in victims Orlando the to tribute pay celebrities 49 WATCH: @HRC: RT https:… America. Central in persecution and violence fleeing families help to proposal strong their for Dems Senate Applaud @mayaharris_: RT here: RSVP 8. July on PA Scranton, in trail campaign the on @HillaryClinton join to @VP BREAKING: @HillaryforPA: RT @ElizabethForMA: and Hillary with agree you if now in Chip … funny. not is This rhetoric. anti-Mexican his of consequences the fear truly I Mexican-American, a As @Jorge_Silva: RT … Clinton. Hillary as Americans new of rights the for fighting long as spent has candidate presidential No @AmandaRenteria: RT now: in Chip Trump. Donald to up stand to you on count can she Hillary Show House. White the in Democrat a with stronger always is economy Our rate… start-up smart is entrepreneurship to relief debt connect to plan Hillary's @RanaForoohar: RT here.) not (Hint: his? make he does where but products, USA" the in "Made in pride have should people says Trump money. hard-earned of out Americans innocent cheating strategy: business real Trump's Donald taught Institute Trump —Hillary own." your of space a out carve to afraid be don’t voice your for room have doesn’t in you’re space the "If win. to chance your for now Enter @DemConvention. at president woman first the nominate to speech a give could You país? del economía la manejar sabrá él creer debemos qué ¿por empresario pésimo un es Trump que muestra evidencia La -H hate. and fear to succumb never will We terrorists: the To Bangladesh. in hostages the of safety the for Praying Trump). Donald told ever one no (maybe you about lot a says keep you company The again. manufacturing, in leader world a America make Let's progress. for way the paved work whose leader LGBT early an was Rivera Sylvia activist trans 1951, 2, July Born economy. our on hands his have shouldn’t Trump button, nuclear the on finger his have shouldn’t he like Just progress. on clock the back turn to going not We're Wiesel Elie of passing the on @BillClinton and —Hillary loss" his mourning in world the around those all join "We potential. God-given their to up live to opportunity the have should American Every -H families. victims' the with are prayers My them. defeat will We savagery. ISIS's of example horrific another is Baghdad in attack Today's @POTUS. together, trail campaign the hitting to forward Looking America. on @realDonaldTrump from message A anything." do can I believe me helped and person better a me made have "You scam. giant another yet was it reality, In them. help would Institute Trump thought Americans Middle-class progress. of years 240 to Here's —Hillary America." define that values the as big as be to have We small. be can't we great, be "To -H share. we values the and diversity, freedom, America—our of best the celebrate let's Today July! of Fourth Happy . en Hillary espacio”— propio tu crear de miedo tengas no voz, tu para espacio tiene no estás donde lugar el “Si parents. their than living of standard lower a have may generation younger our history, modern in time first the For per… 40 nearly year, each person per $1,100 than more Thats drugs. prescription on 2014 in billion $374 spent US The income. your of percentage a as back it pay and refinance you help we’ll debt, student have already you If save. you help could plan college Hillary’s much how see to to Go vote. to registered you’re sure make to now right to go can You debt. off paying those and school, in already those college, for preparing students help will plan college Hillary’s you: help will plan our how exactly out find can you college, to go to about you’re or debt student got you’ve If today… @unevadareno At college. to go to future their away mortgage to have shouldn't Students right. is @BernieSanders @CatherineForNV: RT hasn't. Trump Donald it. of out grow bullies are who people Most @HillaryClinton: RT here: listen &amp; Subscribe podcast. campaign official the Her, With of episode latest the in mic the takes .@TimKaine here: Listen podcast. campaign our Her, With on candidate presidential vice a become to like it's what out Find Remember. her: with you're say to debate the before in Chip it. show to night the is tonight back, Hillary's got you've If Remember. @HillaryClinton: RT —Hillary $250,000.” than less making anyone on taxes raise not will "I election.” this in stakes the about talking keep to going ’m he however campaign his run "can Trump @MetroLabNetwork governance smart and cities smart about talk to @NotreDame at @PeteButtigieg Mayor join to Great returns. tax his releasing from Trump preventing audit—is an Nothing—including clear: be Let's changed. be to has That education. on spending than faster incarceration on spending increasing is country This on. Game now? it do we can't Why tuition-free. virtually nation our of universities public great the of some attend could people young ago years 40 check-up. routine a affording about worried were they because room emergency the in up end shouldn’t People -H you! of proud so all We’re Aly. and Simone silver, and gold the home bringing on Congrats @HillaryClinton: RT absurd. is That secretary's. his than lower is rate tax effective his that again over and over us reminds Buffett Warren proud! all us making for Maryland team to Congrats world. the around it need who people to hope spreading and country our for good something doing we're vote, we When President for running business no have You way. this talk don't men real @realDonaldTrump: sick. me make comments these father, &amp; husband As —@NyleDiMarco have." we voice greatest the is vote your of voice "The campaign. the before was there than today socialism democratic of concept the for support more lot a there's that is of proud am I thing One record. criminal a get you country, this in marijuana smoke you if But Zero. jail? to going are Fargo Wells at people many How it. done actually has pick VP His Americans. hurt that ideas policy extreme enacting about talks Trump $600. was price the week, Last $57. cost only they EpiPens, their selling started first Mylan when 2007, In total. in increase 526% a 2007: in was it as expensive as times five still That's $300. for version generic a announced recently Mylan mistaken. are they "compromise," so-called this accept to going are people American the thinks Mylan if and shameful, is greed of type This humane. less are and more cost prisons private These facilities. detention immigration for-profit out phase and lead DOJ's follow should DHS same. the remain for fighting we’re things the But decades. half a and two past the in changed has lot A Hillary meeting on owner, business small and Republican a —Roxie, her." with ride to want woman—I this thought, "I wall." a "building just beyond way go families immigrant for policies disturbing Trump's is, part worst The … history." in proposal immigration spirited mean hardline, most the out laid "Trump .@DavidLeopold: @AmericasVoice: RT saying: they're things heartbreaking the of some are These kids. our affecting are language hateful his and Trump them. defeat can we together but Washington, in lobbyists and money of supply unlimited virtually a have to seem may companies fuel Fossil … tonight. City Kansas in calls made @timkaine, Sen. of brother Kaine, Pat team! this on in pitches Everyone @HillaryforMO: RT taxpayers: American of backs the On account? bank own his build Trump Donald did exactly how So government. States United the buy to freedom the mean not does view, my in speech, of Freedom leadership. her influence values her how is Hillary about most admire I things the of One @FLOTUS. you, Thank wine. drinking and show TV favorite your watching couch the on night Friday a is date romantic most the Sometimes fact-checking. live for debate tonight's during @TheBriefing2016 Follow truth. the to Trump Donald hold to part your Do ove… &amp; all, for works that economy affordable, college make to USSen in him join to hope I @BernieSanders! w/ time Great @CatherineForNV: RT here: it Read election. this of speeches emotional and powerful most the of one gave just .@FLOTUS Truth. The Is This America. In Crime About Lying Keeps Trump &gt;&gt; @ZerlinaMaxwell: RT divisiveness. promoting be shouldn't We citizenship. to pathway a offer that America in policies immigration rational need We Hampshi… New in tomorrow continues work That president. become not does Trump sure make to can I all do to going I'm Vote! boo. Don't comments. hateful Donald's explain and eye the in daughter their look to have should one No them. about lied he instead, done—so and said Trump’s things terrible the defend couldn’t Pence Mike Even up. on bottom the from comes always It down. top the from place takes never change Real Pharma. Big just not all, for work that policies drug prescription implementing in world the of rest the join to country our for time It's over. from far is justice for struggle the that clear It's whites. for than lower $18,000 almost is blacks for income household median The Buildup Methane Largest of Source as Fuels Fossil Confirming Study NASA on Statement Sanders NEWS: ground. the in fuels fossil keep must we change, climate combating about and air clean about serious are we If https://… catastrophe. a be would Trump president. pragmatic smart, a be would Clinton board: Editorial @latimes: RT promise. America's in share to gets everyone when win all We disabilities. with people to welcoming more country and economy our make We'll hate. trumps love that believe We equal. created everyone's that believe We value. has everyone that believe We Canada. from drugs prescription name brand re-import cannot we somehow but world, the over all farms from tomatoes and lettuce import can We mate. running her becoming about parts favorite my of one been has Hillary know to Getting —@POTUS: have" to needs president a that honesty basic the the or temperament the have "doesn't Trump exists. even it admit to refusing change—and climate combat to steps serious taking between choice a have We Zika. preventing and treating of challenge health public the discuss to doctors Miami with met Hillary Trump on —Hillary workers.” his of lives the wrecked he business, his wrecking by business…and at failure a was "He movement. the continue must We finished. not are we after day the on that understand to and @HillaryClinton elect to is job Our 8… November on vote to country the across millions and friends your join to plan a Make here. almost is Day Election … at registration your Check person! in or online vote to register to day last the is TOMORROW Nevada: @CatherineForNV: RT registered. automatically is age voting of is who anyone that ensuring by turnout increase and suppression voter combat can We ugliness? this stop he will When president? our be to wants man this And America. in born was @POTUS say to refuses still Trump Donald now. open the in out all It’s anymore. whistles dog or innuendo no There’s lifetimes. our of campaign divisive most the running is Trump States. United the in born was Obama President admit to refuses still Trump Donald TPP. disastrous the fighting in so do to continue will I and life my of all unions with stood have I Trump: as same the paid you if taxes in pay you'd much how see to calculator a create analysts best our had We dangerous. profoundly it’s seen—and we’ve anything unlike is paranoia and prejudice of campaign Trump’s Donald justice. and race on statement strong Stephenson's Randall CEO AT&amp;T see to Encouraging @mayaharris_: RT Americans. all for debt-free college make to plan a on @BernieSanders with up teamed Hillary Hillary. for priority a been always has out counted often too are who kids for bat to Going harmonica. his with here was @TimKaine candidate Presidential Vice and Senator @TheEllenShow: RT in? up wake to want you do world of kind what 9, November On it. deny to trying of tonight—instead vision shared our for up stood who @TimKaine like partner a have to Lucky … it. deny to trying of tonight—instead vision shared our for up stood who @TimKaine like partner a have to Lucky @HillaryClinton: RT Her:… With on playing now shows, TV favorite Hillary's and (his) jitters pre-debate on .@BillClinton president. become never should weight her for woman a shames and bullies who man A debate. tonight's before @TimKaine about know should you things 8 new. nothing is succeed and grow them help to in pitching families—so business small in up grew both I and Hillary —Hillary Independents." Republicans, Democrats, Americans; some for just not Americans, all for president a be to want "I how: Here’s fair. it make to going also we’re but grow, economy our make to going We’re together.” it fix "We'll say, We it.” fix can alone “I say, don't we America, In wage. minimum the raise to time It’s poverty. in living be not should full-time working Anybody that: fix to got We’ve debt. student by back held being are Americans many too now, Right uniform. in women and men our to disrespectful it's wrong, that is only Not do.” generals the than ISIS about more “knows he says Trump States: United the of president be to unqualified and unfit totally is Trump Donald wall. a Trump succeed. America help to plans concrete has Hillary @HFA: RT that. understands history read who’s Anyone easily. place take not does Change now: in Tune Ohio. Akron, in live speaking Hillary’s LeBron on —Hillary potential” God-given her or his to up live to chance the have should child every believe both "We gambling. casino-style on economy our risk not should We business. does Street Wall way the change fundamentally to need We America. in things make don't you when again great America make can't You Donald: Dear Putin. praised he military—but the in women and country, our generals, our disrespected Trump forum, night's last At country. the across all Americans affecting issues real the on focus to need We opera. soap a isn’t Politics increase price EpiPen the of think allergies life-threatening with kids of parents what Here's @LaurenWeberHP: RT T… on —@FLOTUS now." right stop to got has This enough. is enough say and up stand to us of all for time the is "Now camps internment immigrant shameful in children and women up lock not does love we that America The Disgraceful. virus. Zika the of effects health serious the from Americans protect to funding emergency pass and aside politics put should Republicans her:… Join today. Iowa in Hillary for ballot her cast just Ruline vote, could women before Born working… for work that policies trade need We duck. lame in through sneak to allowed be not must interests Special @SenJeffMerkley: RT period. history, in swimmer best far, so golds 22 @MichaelPhelps. own Baltimore's to Congratulations rule. the to exception the not is It Street. Wall on model business the is fraud that is reality The join… should States United The punishment. capital end to chosen has country industrialized Western every Virtually re… workers’ puts and managers money Street Wall on rules important back rolls which 5424, reject should House The @mikereedschmidt: RT it. build to able be should you it, dream you If vote. to registered automatically be should you age, of years 18 are you If forms. all in suppression voter fight must We character. American the are immigrants character; American the changing somehow aren’t Immigrants @WhiteHouse: RT today. in Chip higher. be couldn't stakes the and ever, than closer are polls The dignity. with retire to able be should you hard, working life whole your spent you've If https… part our do to all us requires &amp; now &amp; here past—it’s isn’t justice racial for fight the reminder stark a .@13THFilm @mayaharris_: RT lose. kids wins, Trump Donald If @USNewsOpinion: RT granted. for anything taking aren't we election—and the until days 59 got We've https://t… lying: is Trump proof Here's war." the against totally was "I Iraq: on Lauer Matt to Trump @voxdotcom: RT top. the at those just everyone—not for work economy the make to plan her on speak Hillary Watch Toledo: from Live back. your have always will that union strong a join to right the have should Everyone pay. honest deserves work Honest workers. AND shareholders toward responsibility of sense a feel should offer to has America that all from benefit that Corporations —@HillaryClinton don’t.” we doesn’t, it when And too. thrive businesses strong, is country our and thrives class middle the “When @HFA: RT Trump on —Hillary decades.” two almost for tax income federal of dime a paid he like look doesn’t “It back. nothing giving and hands both with taxpayers American from taking been has Trump years, For —Hilla… families." middle-class of millions for taxes raise actually would plan more…his even taxes own his cut would plan "Trump’s @HFA: RT year? single a in billion $1 loses genius of kind What "genius." a him makes taxes paying not that bragging is campaign Trump's —@HillaryClinton campaign." Trump’s supports company 100 Fortune a of CEO single a "Not @HFA: RT nurse. a or teacher a than rate tax lower a pay to able be not should manager money Street Wall A prescriptions. their filling and rent the paying between choose to have should one No economics. trickle-down failed resurrect to wants who president a elect not must we inequality, wealth and income massive of time a At shareholders… toward responsibility of sense a feel should offer to has America that all from benefit that Corporations @HillaryClinton: RT greatly. us of all affects it but issues other as press much as get not may It oligarchy. toward drift America's is moment the of crisis The policy? foreign on Trump advising is exactly who So prisons. private with contracts state including completely, industry shameful this to end an put must We —@CoryBooker woman." a is It man. a ain't it arena, the in man the "Sometimes candidacy: his disqualify should that done and said has Trump Donald things 126 all." it have cannot “You class, billionaire the to saying are we together and Warren Elizabeth and me join to going is .@KatieMcGintyPA president. be to unfit is way this women treats and sees who Anyone years. for taxes paying avoid to strategy dubious" "legally a used Trump it, against advised lawyers his After you. describes it if this RT Day. Election to week One h… Political. seeming. Of fear. For political. seeming of fear for hacks DNC for Russia blame to want didn't Comey @TheBriefing2016: RT losses." else’s somebody deducted “[Trump] Machado. Alicia @HillaryClinton: with today Florida in Campaigning @TUSK81: RT → Florida in trail the on election this in women for stake at what's about talk Hillary Watch go. to week One Trump on —@MachadoOficial looks.” our on us judges just He women. respect not does he that clear really "It’s —@MachadoOficial President.’” 'Madam say finally can we so out hearts our work "Let’s using… about statements dangerous his it’s you, for Maybe, Trump. Donald against vote to reasons of lot a are There —Hillary Americans.” all for president be to want I because Democrats as well as Independents and Republicans to out reaching "I’m —Hillary girls.” and women done—to has he what said—and has [Trump] focusing minutes few a spend just to want I “Today, disgusting. and ugly, fat, women calls Donald looks. people’s insult to OK not it’s that school elementary by learned us of Most bully. A this? like act would Who Universe? Miss with fault finding Trump Donald of absurdity the on reflect and stop just we Can them. "inspect" to pageants beauty at backstage women undressed on in barging about bragging tape on is Trump Donald —Hillary old.” years 15 just were them of USA Teen Miss the at this doing of accused been "also Trump's women of thinks Trump what on —Hillary capabilities.” own our dreams, own our with beings human full as us see doesn't "He @PPact. defund to wants He high. too are wages said He gap. pay the dismisses He employers. for inconvenience an is pregnancy said Trump country. a as are we Who values. Our security. Our future. Our year: this ballot the on What’s gap. that close to Time earn. men white $1 each for $ only make Latinas average, On OH. in 108% 2012; in weekend same the from 261% up were PA in weekend last knocks door field: the from stats Some @RobbyMook: RT plan. a make Always @JoeBiden: like Be them: Join before. ever than 2016 in vote early will people More this.… RT voting? know you everyone Is redone. be can't it over, it's once week—and one in is Day Election school. law to back way the all career, Hillary's of causes the of one been has care foster in kids for Fighting belong. don't you that you tell can one no strong, million 27 you're When city our in crash bus school morning's this in injured those &amp; lives their lost who 6 the of families the with are prayers and thoughts My families. billionaire 10 just from come has which of 20% – cycle campaign this during billion $ raised have Pacs Super can… Nordisk Novo and Lilly Eli so just insulin, their afford can’t they because sicker getting or dying are People #… - Plymouth in @GovernorHassan and @HillaryClinton for campaigns @BernieSanders LIVE: WATCH @WMUR9: RT industry. pharmaceutical the of greed the on take to time the is Now time. the of 90% Kochs the with votes she because Ayotte Kelly support to million $ least at spent have network their &amp; brothers Koch The htt… Pipeline!" Dakota the "Stop yelled crowd the in someone a when back fired Sanders Bernie right!" "Damn @CNN: RT billion. $1 tops now more or $500,000 giving donors from contributions PAC super Total minut… 32 devoted have CBS &amp; NBC ABC, issues. of coverage enough isn't there feel Americans most surprising not It’s out. this sit to high too are stakes The night. and day are Trump Donald and Clinton Hillary between differences The want. they price whatever charging industry greedy and powerful incredibly an is have you What greed. industry's drug The simple. It's years? 20 in 700% up gone insulin Humalog of price the has Why im… to barriers reduce should We US. the in $450 costs France in $70 costs that drug same the that sense no makes It the… for paying and eating between decide to forced being are patients diabetes world, the in nation richest the In greed. their end to time It's patients. their than profits their about more care clearly Nordisk Novo and Lilly Eli discrimination. and sexism but nothing is That make. men white amount the HALF than more little a only make women Latina crisis" public-health a is violence "Gun Kaine: Tim @TIME: RT today! friend a with Volunteer Hillary. elect to more done you'd wish and 9 November on up wake don't you sure Make lobby: gun the to up stand to votes their use will Americans of millions 8, November On them… join &amp; Day Vote Early National Celebrate Hillary. for voted already have country the across people of Millions out! missing been I have man, but City, Kansas in up growing curds cheese have didn’t We @News3Jessica up!): sign you when sticker free a get (plus, Hillary for vote the out get Help taxes. US evading from corporations stop to action take should Congress schemes, tax offshore outrageous Apple's defending of Instead jail: to big too is CEO no and fail to big too is bank no that clear it make we until change won’t Street Wall work. that to ourselves recommit to chance a Today's injustice. fighting those in today on lives Washington on March the of mission The Change Climate From Damage Weather Severe of Warns Report Irene, Since Years Five injustice. against together standing of importance the shown have Dakota North of people the and Tribe Sioux Rock Standing The pipeline. Access Dakota the against fight and together work must all We over. not is struggle the But endorsin… of tradition century-long nearly a breaking president, for Clinton Hillary endorsing is board editorial Enquirer The @Enquirer: RT daughters? our for want we president the this Is alternative: An wall concrete a Build 2. immigrant undocumented single every deport and up Round 1. plan: Trump's worker… of standards raise that &amp; first environment the &amp; workers put that deals trade need We TPP. the to opposed am "I @PramilaJayapal: RT less. not country, this in unions more need We them. of one isn't "Quitter" years. the over things of lot a called been Hillary's ver… a That's what? know you tuition-free, universities and colleges public make to going she’s says @HillaryClinton When @BernieSanders: RT member. union a thank weekends, of fan a you're If here: right literally It’s me. kill would @janeosanders repeat. even can't I that women at insults hurls Trump Donald banks. big these up break to time about It's Sachs Goldman ✅ Fargo Wells ✅ America of Bank ✅ banks: big at Fraud again? do foundations candidates’ the do what So, @TheBriefing2016: RT science. computer learn should student Every agree: you if RT @HFA: RT country? our run to him hire we should why company, your at work to Trump Donald hire wouldn't you If office. into elected her have to fortunate be would California and leader, progressive proven a is Kim Jane peace. lasting and just a toward path the on now are Colombians war, of years 50 than more After steel Chinese using Trump on —Hillary steel.” American with America making by start again, great America make to wants he “If plan. debt student Hillary’s under save could family your and you much how see to to Go need.” you things the for pay to kids young for $1,000 another credit—that’s tax child the double to going “I’m —Hillary bullies.” more is country our in need we thing last The support. and kindness more other each show to need “We attacks weekend’s this on —Hillary responders” first our &amp; families, their wounded, were who those with are thoughts my Americans, all "Like —Hillary other.” each undermine or other each on turn not will We fear. not resolve, choose afraid…we not but vigilant, be us "Let —Hillary battlefield. the off terrorists take to decisions hard the of part been who’s race this in candidate only the “I’m them" destroy finally to terrorists the after go us keep will that forward path a is out laid I’ve “What –@HillaryClinton us." of ahead are days best America's that convinced am I you, of all of because part large "In world. the in prices highest the far by pay we that understand to important is it drugs, prescription about talk we When ban. Muslim a proposed and therapy," "conversion support rights, reproductive oppose You 2002. since percent 90 than more by up gone has States United the in medicine on spending total that unacceptable is It … Comercio. de republicano exsecretario país"— primero mí, en confío y experiencia la tiene "Hillary @Hillary_esp: RT system. the rig further to class ruling the for easier much that becomes it suppressed, is minorities and poor the of vote the When them. in up grew We Why? it. mean we families, business small support to going we're say I and Hillary When share. fair their pay to them for time It's Street. Wall for cuts tax dollar trillion for calling Trump's process: decision-making his follow to Try great. so Not go? diplomacy at swing first Trump's Donald did how So, yesterday. Mexico in Trump Donald for hour amateur was It worth. is word his what know we guess I office. for ran he if returns tax his release to promised Trump Donald https://… safe families American keep and Zika like pandemics fight to fund health public new a announced .@hillaryclinton @sarajacobs89: RT income. lifetime in $126,000 over lose will 2015 of class the in graduate college 21-year-old average the change, climate on action Without debate the during abortion on Trump eviscerated Clinton Hillary @MotherJones: RT flawless. to close was performance debate Clinton's Hillary but news Trump the in lost get will This @jasoncherkis: RT debate… these of nature/goal the understood ever Trump sure not I'm debates. 3 all won She debate. this won easily Clinton @BresPolitico: RT her. with be to ever than prouder We're high. went @HillaryClinton low, went Trump When @emilyslist: RT deadline: FEC midnight the before $5 in chip , think you If percent. 1 top the to breaks tax more give to wants Trump Donald But wealth. the of percent 90 own Americans of percent .1 Americans. Latino and Hispanic of contributions many the honor let's Month, Heritage Hispanic This @HFA: RT high. went she low; went He to. have didn’t you so debate night’s last in lied Trump Donald times the all counted We seconds. 45 than less in Donald and Hillary between difference The @timkaine: RT seconds. 45 than less in Donald and Hillary between difference The r… tax his release to failing Romney Mitt on Trump —Donald wrong." something like, almost, is there think would "You means: all by years, 30 last the for done have Hillary and he what compare to wants Trump If Hillary! for early voting is Cleveland 8! at opened Doors @omerizer: RT t… right the for fought people many so because this miss wouldn't "I County: Mahoning in vote to line in first is Cecil @nicholaskitchel: RT wage. minimum the raising by better much do must and can We wage. starvation a of indignity the deserves one No parents. working for easier little a life make to possible everything do to needs president next Our TPP! the stop must we how Sanders--and Bernie met I how about video short this Watch @ZephyrTeachout: RT —Hillary prevail.” will We cower. not will Americans resolve. our is so but real, is threat “This Florida." in here right Zika fight to bill funding clean a on vote finally and politics before people put to Republicans all on call "I does: it it—because on depends future your like year this Vote pipeline. dangerous this fighting nations tribal many the and Tribe Sioux Rock Standing the join must We right. what’s for fought and up stood level grassroots the at country this over all people when happened have things Great —Hillary debt." in drowning without to able be should college to go to wants who "Everyone ht… @ZephyrTeachout &amp; @PramilaJayapal Congress! in together standing two these seeing to forward look you if RT @PramilaJayapal: RT loans. student on family your or you save could plan Hillary's much how out Find calculator: college our Introducing iceberg. the of tip the That's Ukraine. in forces pro-Russia from million $ designated was adviser top Trump's @HillaryClinton @leedanielsent: RT —@BernieSanders: down." Hands candidate. superior the is Clinton Hillary issue, every "On top. the at those just not everyone, for works that economy an build to have We families. working support will who stage on candidate one only There's list. complete the Here’s overseas? made were products Trump many How @washingtonpost: RT va… the you teach does it but bailouts, multi-million-dollar you get not may dad a for owner business small a Having to: profits and jobs shipped he countries the remember outsourcing, against railing of show a makes Trump time Every loan." "small a is million $15 think to seems Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT "T." a with "trillion" That's debt. national the to $5,000,000,000,000 than more add would plans Trump’s that project Economists home." their "losing called was it Americans of millions For crash. housing the on Trump —Donald business." called "That's that. said who Trump, —Donald that." said never "I nothing.… do can we Or, energy. clean in invest and planet, our save change, climate confront and up step can We out: them Check here. right words own his got we've reality—but own his in live may Trump Donald consideration. your for plan ISIS Trump's Donald here's friendship, of spirit the In @TheBriefing2016: RT longe… no returns earlier release scared, if but audited, being while returns release can't @realDonaldTrump reason legit No @MittRomney: RT returns. tax his hiding is Trump Donald wonder No evader. tax a you makes It "smart." you make doesn’t taxes in zero Paying America? in products own his make he doesn't why jobs, outsourcing about worries @realDonaldTrump If "business" just is futures and homes, incomes, their losing families of millions thinks .@realDonaldTrump families class working and middle for nightmare and .01% top the for holiday tax a is plan tax .@realDonaldTrump's countries. low-wage not US the in clothing his making start to want might He abroad. going jobs manufacturing about concerned is Trump Glad hour an cents 30 paid are workers where Bangladesh of out plants his move should he maybe abroad going companies about concerned is Trump If Unbelievable. Chinese. the by created hoax a is change climate thinks Trump Donald time. wrong the exactly at policy wrong the Exactly millionaires. to cuts tax in trillion $3 proposal: tax Trump's is Here family. own his to billion $4 &amp; .3% top the to break tax billion $353 a provides which tax estate the eliminating includes plan tax Trump’s wants. Trump what is which repealed, is tax estate the if break tax billion $53 a get would Walmart of family Walton The billion. $28 by affordable college make to grants pell cut they'd billionaires to breaks tax huge give just wouldn't proposals Trump's @HillaryClinton! this, got You've . for in Settled here: right is accountable Donald hold to need you everything said, @HillaryClinton Like service.”—@wigazette of lifetime Clinton’s about tell to someone find season, election the of weeks final these “In needed… he care the got he injured, was he When back. give to Marines the joined and , the in refuge found Ochan Jimmy @HillaryforVA: RT whit… A available. wasn't it told was she buildings, Trump's of one in apartment an for applied tenant black a When 70s. and 1960s the to back dating color of people to housing denied systematically company Trump's Donald FACT: look. presidential That @HFA: RT card: her on is name your sure Make birthday! Hillary's is Tomorrow back: turn progress—not this on build to need We high. all-time an hit just wages Americans’ https… threat. health public a as lead eliminate to goal bold a with to committed is Hillary @mayaharris_: RT → Florida in rally a for live Hillary join Day, Election until days 14 just With Trump on —Hillary insults.” on based campaign a run He’s issues. on based campaign a run to tried "I’ve equally. treated be to right the have you love, you who or born were parents your where or like look you what matter no that believe We early. voting and registering are people of millions democracy, our on attack unprecedented an makes Trump As done. have could you more is there whether wonder and 9 November on up wake should Nobody disaster.” “total a military our call doesn’t president A Commander-in-Chief. be to unqualified is Trump Donald time. same the at environment our protect and jobs of millions create can We poverty. in be still should full-time works who one No wage. minimum the raise to got We’ve are. we country of kind the about make we’ll statement the bigger the turnout, the bigger the because involved get and 47246 to JOIN Text htt… vote! Now needed! we love-fest shoulder-padded life-affirming, the was FTW! activism Grassroots @samifayebaker: RT … out: help to do can you something always There’s House? White the into Hillary getting about Passionate @timkaine: RT Rodham. Hillary speaker: commencement College @Wellesley 1969 the from advice of Words discrimina… experiencing on Wiggins, —Mae hurt." and anger evokes still it that so much So angry. very very, feel "I -H statesman. distinguished and soldier decorated a Powell, General of endorsement the have to Proud preside… of kind what color, of people against discriminates that company a running career his begins candidate a If them: Join 2012. in point this at than early voted already have Latinos Florida more 99% "colored." for "C" a with Americans African for applications rental marked company estate real Trump's 1970s, the In born: were you year the doing was she what out Find birthday! Hillary's is Today president. future this to birthday Happy m… 40-year-old a EpiPens, of price the hiked Mylan nationwide. crisis health major a is medicine of cost soaring The clearer. be not could Hampshire New in choice The @Maggie_Hassan. agree I first. @SueMinterVT elect to need we but change, climate combating and system energy our transforming in country the lead can Vermont that. change to going are We it. do just they So prices. tripling or doubling from companies drug prevent laws No year. a MILLION $300 spending By world? the in prices highest the charging with away gotten companies drug have How R&amp;D. on than sales and marketing on more spent corporations pharmaceutical 100 top the of out 89 Actually cowards. political are that do who People me. against vote might they because people to vote the deny to me to occurred never has It needs. their ignore just can Congress mean doesn’t That does. industry drug the like lobbying on spend to millions have don’t Americans Most profits. their about concerned They're consumers. of interests the for working aren't corporations Drug less. not ownership, media diverse more need We read. and hear see, Americans what of much control conglomerates media giant few a Today, merger. Warner AT&amp;T-Time the reject must We to matters service mission religious Why - @timkaine Exclusive: @DeseretNews: RT … Vox - feminism Kaine’s Tim imagine." can you as Trump from far as is masculinity model to wants Kaine Tim way The @finneyk: RT Hillary: for vote to need you what have you sure make to time the now's Day, Election until weeks 2 only With their… of color the on based him from rent to wanted who families against discriminating years spent company Trump's out:… help to do can you something always There’s House? White the into Hillary getting about Passionate them:… of one is yours if see to Check Day! Election is day every voting, early have that states In th… get to @TheBriefing2016 Follow debate: tonight's at honest him Keep week. last just lies outright 31 told Trump cancer. with diagnosed being for bankruptcy into forced be not should you America, of States United the In plan: Nuestro personas. las de vida la mejora cómo por mide se éxito el creemos yo y Hillary Ferns Two Between on —Hillary this." doing regret really "I combined. nations nine next the than military our on more spend we right, a as care health guaranteeing are nations other While Americans. fellow our of good the for work to prepared we're that - us of best the to speak 9/11 on sacrifice selfless of acts of memory The —Hillary here." be to schedule nap rigorous my from break a took I that event special a such is "This the at —Hillary power." of transition peaceful a with OK be he’d think didn’t I Donald. after here up I’m that amazing "It’s —Hillary it." gave ever you deny Pence Mike to listening enjoy I’ll sure speech…I’m your to listening enjoy did I "Donald, supporters." Hillary them: call now we as or, Republicans, mainstream committed, sensible, of collection a together brings dinner "This say." to has billionaire a what hear to curious I’m tonight. speaking not he’s shame a It’s here. Bloomberg Mayor see to also, great, is "It managers." campaign his of any than longer Trump Donald to next stood now have debates…I full 3 for Trump Donald to listen to had "I’ve days." few next the in Wikileaks on yourself for judge can you suppose I but line, the over were thought I that jokes some to no said "I decency.” of questions on agreeing while policy, of matters on disagree to ways finding at better get to need “We —Hillary touch." we lives the but build, we what be won’t earth this on monument greatest our us, of each for that believe "I people all for hope of beacon a that's place a We're people. "only-for-white" isn't America refugees attacking like others scapegoating of rawness the is His talent. not it's But raw. .@realDonaldTrump's college. public tuition-free providing in countries other and Mexico Denmark, Germany, join should America countries. other in than more times 4 – $129,000 Americans costs that drug cancer prostate a Xtandi, buying are they announced Pfizer Today drug. that afford cannot it need who people the if good no does drug life-saving A end. must prices unconscionable charging of era The clear: is industry pharmaceutical entire the and Pfizer to message My straight. record the set Let's said. he's things the of lot a saying denied Trump debate, Monday's At Dream. American the of Luisa—chaser Meet immigrant: and owner, business Daughter, veterans. insults Trump when means it what shares POW a Day, Remembrance War of Prisoners National On Virginia: from live her watch to in Tune Hillary. for trail the on is .@FLOTUS —@FLOTUS Kaine!” Tim &amp; Clinton Hillary States, United the of president vice &amp; president next the support to today here be to thrilled am “I UNM at speaks Sanders Bernie Live: Watch @KOB4: RT incarceration. and jails than education and jobs in investing be to people young our for sense more infinitely makes It 2000. circa House, White the at .@TeamUSA —@ForeignPolicy produced." ever has republic this candidate major-party worst the is "Trump skateboards: and dates, prom breakups, about Betsy friend best Hillary's with conversation A l… él que decir y culparla de descaro el tiene él ¿Y Trump. de ataques los valentía con enfrentar por respeto merece Alicia @Hillary_esp: RT abortion. to roadblocks erect to states by attempts resist and Amendment Hyde the rescind must We change climate planet: our to threats biggest the of one combat to together world brought just we've leadership, your of Bc . name. household a became or president for ran he before decades started prejudice of pattern Trump's Donald —@BarneyFrank Street." Wall of enemy the he's that claim Trump's than ridiculous more is "Nothing hours: 4 in all them read and try to going We're lawsuits. 5,500 than more in involved been Trump's think We … horas: 4 en todas leerlas intentar a Vamos demandas. 5,500 de más en involucrado estado ha Trump VIVO: EN @Jorge_Silva: RT Facebook. on live @realDonaldTrump involving lawsuits of thousands reading We're counting: and 2,016 $30,000 owes still Trump Donald who owner business small —A backs." people's other on empire his built "He's now: in Tune it? make can we Think lawsuits. Trump's reading finish to left minutes 10 Just Fund. Defense Children's the at career her begins Hillary discrimination. housing for sued is Trump Donald 1973: goal: registration voter Stronger Million 3 our introduce @JessLivMo and @LorellaPraeli, @BrynneCraig, HQ: from Live heard: we what of worst the of Some to. have didn't you so the of night first the watched We president. becomes never he sure make and vote, to register 47246, to VOTE Text @HFA: RT ticket. party major a on nominee VP woman first Ferraro—the Geraldine nominated @TheDemocrats 1984, in day this On Office. Oval the in foot steps never he sure make to now in Chip nominee. Republican the became just Trump Donald president. for nominee Republican the literally is Trump Donald @literally_trump: RT this. do Let's thing. bad a is bankruptcy for filing think doesn't president next potential Your ballot. the on not you're complimentary—when very be can McConnell Senator … president. for ran she before @HillaryClinton about tune different much a had McConnell Mitch @TheBriefing2016: RT anyway. president for Trump Donald endorses still @SpeakerRyan But @TheBriefing2016: RT himself. it wrote Trump Donald think you'd hateful, so is platform Party Republican The platform. @GOP anti-immigrant anti-LGBT, anti-woman, your to according Not you. sell to bridge a have we ethics, on anyone lecture can Christie Chris think you If payment. the for him stiffed Trump casino. City Atlantic his for pianos Trump Donald sold owner business small This ground. the into businesses his drives repeatedly who someone about drive" and "talent of talk of Lots success. of record Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT @SenCapito. kind, too You're America. in things making actually by start should he again, great America make to wants Trump Donald If line. the on isn't presidency the when truth-y more bit a be to tend Republicans surgery: brain not It's women. working to gem real a been has Trump Donald Yeah, plan? economic Trump's Donald about tonight learn we did exactly plan: economic Trump's Donald about learned we everything here's night," "economy 's the On 2016): in (yes, for stands officially GOP the things disturbing Five agree: you if letter our signed already have who people 100,000 the Join values. our or us represent doesn't Trump Trump Donald on Coulter —Ann speech." rapist Mexican that with over me won "He so. think don't we Yeah, —@realDonaldTrump together." people bring will "I bankrupt. go America letting means much pretty Which businesses. his like the run he'd says Trump https… presidencial. campaña esta sobre información compartirles para cuenta nueva una español!, en ¡Hillary presentamos Le @Hillary_esp: RT included not *Instructions Again" Work* America "Make theme: night's Last https… days. 30 first her within decision disastrous overturn to working to committed is .@HillaryClinton @SenGillibrand: RT years 168 rights. equal deserve women that declared Convention Falls Seneca the 1848, in week This us. for speak words hateful @realDonaldTrump's let can't We matters. says president our What call. close a It's worse? it said Who Pence: or Trump people ✓LGBT ✓Immigrants ✓Women restricted? Pence Mike has rights Whose -H harder. not easier, voting make Let's America. in restrictive most the of law—one ID voter Texas's blocking for Circuit 5th the applaud I Takai. Mark Rep. of passing the on Hillary far. so times 67 least America—at to lying are speakers The check: Fact l… no voto, el Facilitemos restrictivas. más las de Texas, en votante del ID de ley la bloquear por Circuito 5to al Aplaudo @Hillary_esp: RT together. bringing is @realDonaldTrump groups three anti-Semites: and supremacists, white Neo-Nazis, @MarcoRubio. you, of big Very ago days 78 Trump, on —@tedcruz "Narcissist." textbook." psychology a of "Out liar." "Pathological is. he And liar. pathological a Trump Donald called once Cruz Ted @TheBriefing2016: RT ht… false. rated got just claim that Annnd bills. his pays always Trump Donald that said tonight speaker A @TheBriefing2016: RT anyway! go you Here wasn’t. He pick. VP Trump’s be might Newt thought we when this made We Gingrich! ¡Newt republicana convención la en turno el toca le ahora Y @Hillary_esp: RT Yeah. ISIS. to Parenthood Planned compared once Newt @TheBriefing2016: RT Gingrich. Newt speaker, convention ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ V̶P̶ Trump's about know should you things few A President. Vice his be to country the in politicians anti-LGBT most the of one chose Trump Donald stewardship. economic terrible of side heaping a with bigotry Pence: Mike @TheBriefing2016: RT again. think moderates, to appeal would who mate running a pick to going was Trump Donald thought you If Mike. say, don't You process. the in millions state the cost Indiana—and in discrimination LGBT legalize to tried Pence Mike your abandoning of Speaking .@mike_pence @TheBriefing2016: RT 👉 Trump boo—buck Don’t conscience. your Vote right. Trump Donald name: your Add us." represent don’t values Your us. represent don’t ideas Your us. represent not do "You you. like people about thinks @realDonaldTrump what Discover : Introducing supporter Trump Palin, —Sarah terrorists." baptize we'd how is would they charge, in were I "If … you? like people about said Trump Donald has What EVER. THING BEST @RyanEGraney: RT Sad! us. about thinks really Trump what know we Now comparison: side-by-side A himself. helps only He @realDonaldTrump? others. helping career her spent Hillary's Trump: about said have the at Republicans things the of some Just barker" "Carnival coward" sniveling "A Snapchat. on us follow to time good a be might Now you. for it did we said—so have Pence and Trump things divisive and ignorant the of all of track keep to hard It’s mention: to forgot he what learned—and we what Here's night. last America to himself introduced Pence Mike you: about said has @realDonaldTrump what Here's "Animal." "Slob." "Dummy." Russia. is doubt in NATO to commitment our casting by benefit to one only The @JohnKasich: RT unity. party for much So Mitch more, agree couldn't We Trump on —@SenateMajLdr issues." the about lot a know doesn't he obvious pretty "It's @Hillary_esp. Follow Spanish. in campaign this from latest the you bring to account new a español!, en ¡Hillary Introducing speaker and endorser Trump Arpaio, —Joe City." Tent called 's concentration a have already "I president. for running not you're when words best the has .@MarshaBlackburn decir. que más Nada Arpaio. Joe ahora, Y bowl". "taco un Primero, @Hillary_esp: RT discriminatio… over fairness and equality for win big A today! community LGBT the with standing for @NBA the to you Thank @dominiclowell: RT fact. in facts, best The speech. Trump’s Donald of fact-checking live for tonight @TheBriefing2016 Follow pregnancy. and women working on views @realDonaldTrump's About 👀 lies. he time every $1 in Chip cost. a have words hateful his that @realDonaldTrump Show lie. a is itself This @TheBriefing2016: RT crime. about wrong just is Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT up. run would plan tax his "t") a (that's trillion $34 the with start let’s debt, about talk to wants Trump If record. the review Let's economy. global the to threat greatest third the as presidency Trump Donald a ranked .@TheEconomist @realDonaldTrump. voice, our not are You thing. one about right is Trump Americans. LGBT "protect" would ticket Republican the how Here's ISIS. fight to plan Trump's Donald literally is This @TheBriefing2016: RT @realDonaldTrump. therapy,” “conversion supports platform official party's Your the… for breaks tax more about concerned just Or affordable? college making or debt student about word one be there Will @BernieSanders: RT this. than better are We you. for it Fixed @TheBriefing2016: RT $1. in👈 👈 chip 👈 mad 👈 you 👈 makes 👈 @realDonaldTrump 👈 time 👈 Every Trump. Donald like millionaires and -- billionaires benefits mostly plan Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT Trump. Donald presidencia, la y tú muro—entre un construiremos Sí, @Hillary_esp: RT watching. is History Latinos, Muslims, people, LGBT Americans, African women, included: *Not —@realDonaldTrump you*" with "I’m president. become him let can't We agree: you if RT nomination. @GOP the accepted just Trump real—Donald is This sticker: free your Get us. of all presidency: the and Trump Donald between standing is thing one only tonight, of As House: White the of out him keep help to now in Chip Trump? President to 20 Jan. on up wake you if feel you will How happen: that let to about not you're world the show to sticker free your Get Trump. Donald. President. name: your Add us. represent don't values his And us. represent don't ideas His us. represent doesn't Trump Donald statistics.” with lie to how of illustration good “A speech: Trump's on criminologist Leading @RyanLizza: RT … speech. convention Trump's about Wizard Grand Klan Klux Ku former the wrote better," it said have "Couldn't @JamilSmith: RT … afraid. was I early. left I Tonight 1984. since conventions political of moment every watched I’ve @MHarrisPerry: RT → nomination accepting after momentum Trump undermines video Damning WATCH: it. let Don't America. Trump's be could This party. Trump's is This … facts." the with jive don't just week the throughout expressed were that fears the of "Some RNC: on Obama Pres. @ABC: RT Again”: Great America "Make says he when means really Trump What -H justice. to responsible those bring to work they as Germany in friends our with stand We Munich. in situation horrific the Monitoring Orlando in memorial nightclub Pulse the at respects paying is Clinton Hillary @albamonica: RT Tampa in —Hillary November." in election an win go to ready be better 'd last the after think "I RNC the on —Hillary care." health or education or jobs about talking time no and me about talking time much so spent they believe to "Hard —Hillary conscience.” your vote and thing right the do election, this was Cruz Ted but words, these say I’d thought never “I solutions. no resentment—but and fear and anger of lot a offered He level. new whole a to it took night last speech Trump’s Donald —Hillary friends." my democracy, a not That's need. we all he's that American an heard never "I've —Hillary alone.'" it fix can 'I said, who someone have didn't we sure make to revolution a had we recall, I "As Trump on —Hillary families." working for speaks he think don’t I women. for speaks he think don’t for speak doesn’t "He —Hillary apart." splintering not together, standing be should country our thinks who anyone for speak doesn’t "He Trump on —Hillary be." to going we’re what that’s and together, stronger are we know I because me, for speak doesn’t sure "He —Hillary are." we than more even us divide to try who leaders are need we thing last this in kindness and love more need "We —Hillary challenges." tough of face the in up give to us known never I've ourselves. on quit to America known never "I've Tampa in —Hillary America." about trash talks who president for running somebody is need we thing last "The —Hillary hate." trumps Love : lead will election this hope I what up sum can I way best "The people. American the offer to has he all it's because night last lie after lie told Trump Donald -H others. for fighting to life his devoted who's man a @TimKaine, mate, running my announce to thrilled I'm it. solve to work the in put you if unsolvable is problem no believes who optimist relentless a is .@TimKaine https… demás-H los por luchar a vida su dedicado ha quien @TimKaine vicepresidencia la a candidato mi anunciar de Encantada @Hillary_esp: RT service. public through difference a make can you that belief the principle: guiding .@TimKaine's … turn: your it's Hillary—now Team joined has @timkaine own Virginia's @HillaryforVA: RT https:/… senator. a and governor, a mayor, a teacher, a lawyer, rights civil a as it showed and heart big a has .@TimKaine @BarbaraBoxer: RT Miami! in tomorrow trail the hit to wait Can’t mate. running her be to honored I’m Hillary. with phone the off got Just @timkaine: RT order. first the of champion gunsense a is @TimKaine Senator @Everytown: RT friend. good a and man good a to Congrats blank. a Drawing @timkaine. hate I ways the count to Trying @JeffFlake: RT States. United the of president vice next the and mate running @TimKaine—Hillary's Meet Kaine: Tim About @NPR: RT … @timkaine: pick VP Clinton's Hillary on @ilyseh president NARAL @NARAL: RT @HillaryClinton! de vicepresidencia la a candidato el ser de ¡Honrado @timkaine: RT f… my to Congrats VP! wonderful a be 'll thoughtful &amp; kind warrior,a joyful a 's incredibly 's He's @clairecmc: RT @TimKaine. team, the to Welcome lifet… my in ticket Presidential qualified most the already is what to experience and knowledge brings @timkaine friend My @SherrodBrown: RT c… safer for fight &amp; both w/you stand to Excited mate! running @hillaryclinton's being on @timkaine friend my to Congrats @GabbyGiffords: RT insurance Americans' million 20 ✓Revoke debt national the to trillion $34 ✓Add wall the ✓Build translated: Trump, @HillaryClinton. about that say never would man real A this” than “better are you &amp; together states our served we .@GovWalker- too! airport the use Governors Former @HillaryClinton. elect &amp; conscience our vote must we why for case the making &amp; week next Convention the at Democrats joining be to Honored "illegal." be can't people @realDonaldTrump: to Message economy. US the to do he'd what Imagine casino. a running money make even couldn't .@realDonaldTrump un-American. are policies health anti-women's Anti-gay, IN. for did @Mike_Pence what US for do to wants he says .@realDonaldTrump all. us on attack an are them on attacks @realDonaldTrump's co-workers. &amp; neighbors, family, friends, our are Muslims welcome." not is oppression or hatred violence, endorses who "Anyone POTUS: be won't you why is @realDonaldTrump This, stiffed he vendors those all pays Trump that is there as wall, @realDonaldTrump's 4 pays Mexico that chance much as about There’s here: involved get together, stronger are we that &amp; at saw we what than better are we that agree you If disgraceful. absolutely – religion on based database national a creating and religion to according immigration limiting suggested Trump intervention. military to resorting before solutions diplomatic pursue to obligation moral a have we believe I greed. that stop to going are we not or it like they whether and country this destroying is class billionaire the of greed The tight. it shut and door, that shut to job our is it racism, to door the open to wants @realDonaldTrump If peace. for and sanity environmental for justice, social and economic for fight the in leader the country our make again once must We incarceration. and jails more than education, and jobs in investing be to sense more lot a makes it view, my In dangerous. is language his is truth the but opera, soap a in character a like Trump treat to media the for fun It’s hatred. trumps love that know we because Trump Donald defeat will We disgrace. our to much is, it Yet else. anywhere nor States United the in neither sentence, death a be not should Poverty suppressed. are minorities of votes the when American every of conscience the offend should It it. of because die people and Americans millions for health to access to barrier significant a are medicines patented of prices The market. the on available are they as soon as medicines to access affordable provide can we Fund Prize a Through laws. ID photo with it do Republicans Today, voting. minority suppress to used were laws literacy segregation, open of days shameful the In vote. to people working and young want not does class billionaire the mistake: no Make together. stand to going are We Muslims. or Latinos hate to going not we’re No, Trump: Donald for message a have I office. elected hold and win to billionaires represent who politicians for easier becomes it suppressed, are minorities of votes the When lifetime. a of struggle the is It year. a or day, a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle the that remember must We demonstrations. peaceful in streets the on and booth voting the in — it demand people the when comes Change rolls. voting from names minority-community of purging the and laws discriminatory to end an put must We box. ballot the at heard voices their make can people young that so vote to registered automatically be must 18 over American Every now. year a for waiting Been time? our of crisis environmental great the change, climate mention Trump Will campaign. his of cornerstone the divisiveness and bigotry made has who Trump support not will me for voted who Those up. them dividing not together, people bringing in believe We Bush? President is where way, the By Iraq. of invasion Bush-Cheney the was East Middle the in instability of cause real The wrong. is Trump wage. minimum federal the raise to refuse millionaires, to breaks tax in trillions Give plans: economic big Trump’s Americans. low-income for programs cut millionaires, for breaks tax in trillion $ plan: economic Trump’s abroad. countries low-wage not US, the in products his making by start can he trade "fix" to wants Trump If hypocrite! a What hour. an 30-cents at Bangladesh in shirts Trump manufacturing Stop trade. Fix China. in ties Trump manufacturing Stop trade. Fix Mexico. in clothing Trump manufacturing Stop trade. Fix brothers? Koch the of afraid too he is or it mention Trump Will history. our in decisions worst the of one is United Citizens Trump. to much matter don’t they guess I insurance. health without Americans million 28 the covering about word single a for waiting Still dictator? or president for running guy this Is this.” fix can alone “I Trump: Congress. with work to has president a that understand doesn’t he Maybe this.” fix can alone “I Trump: about. is Constitution the what understand not does Trump thing. one about right was Cruz Ted like Looks millionaires. for breaks tax huge Trump's is need don't we what that understands movement Our them. expand not fuels, fossil from away move must we that understand supporters My “hoax.” a is change climate thinks Trump rich? the for breaks tax more about concerned just Or affordable? college making or debt student about word one be there Will Pathetic. economics. trickle-down old same old, same plan: economic Trump’s wage. starvation a already hour, an $ of wage minimum federal the lower states let plan: economic Trump’s Act. Rights Voting the gut and United Citizens support choose, to right woman’s a oppose Scalia, like would, nominees Court Supreme Trump’s bribery. legalized of form a in elections our into funneled being are dollars of Billions percent. 1 the just not and country, this of class middle the for works which economy an create to us for overdue long is time The forgotten… have leaders our of many too simple: is problem The usual. as politics same-old the with frustrated are People @TulsiGabbard: RT supply. water contaminated a to lead can fracturing hydraulic that evidence clear shown have @theNASciences the and @EPA the Both jobs. of millions create and infrastructure crumbling our rebuild to program jobs a need we percent, 10 near unemployment real With nationwide. fracking out phase to Time change. climate to contributing it’s and breathe we air the supply, water our to danger a is Fracking workers. women for equity pay implement and years, few next the over hour an $15 to wage minimum the raise to need We change. climate of reality the recognize even to refuse exceptions, few with politicians, Republican that embarrassment an is really It us. of all for but billionaires, and millionaires for just not works that system a need We wage. minimum a of concept the with away do to want but wage, minimum the raise not will only not who Republicans have we that crazy is It banks. big respects it as much as planet our respect would Congress that wish I us. of all for works that America an create we that certain make to and hatred promote who those to no say must We that. change will and can We ignorance. and fear people's manipulate to been has politics in success to route surefire The wrong. nothing done have who people for unsafe country this making is fear-mongering Republican sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have not should Americans generics. low-cost to access have must Americans health. patients' over profits put to allowed be cannot AstraZeneca them? to listening is who debts, horrendous with saddled being about talk kids class working When listens. Congress talks, Street Wall When vote. the suppress to attempts Republicans' over victory huge a is This less. not voting, people more want should We on. live can they that wage a workers our paying about more and individuals LGBT targeting about less worry should Republicans turn. every at refugees and immigrants demonizing stop and country, this founded who remember to stand could Party Republican The process. democratic the in participate to people for harder it make and voters suppress to overtime working are governors Republican shame. enormous an is me to That baby. their with be can parents that so leave family offer doesn't that nation only the practically are We families income middle and low by out taken loans student off profits in billions making government of policy regressive the end should We nation. our for tragedy a be will It kids. those for tragedy a just isn't cost to due college to going from people young discourage To hoax. a is change climate that believe evidence, scientific the of all despite who, people elect to afford cannot We hour. an $15 to it raise to time It’s wage. starvation a is $ of wage minimum federal The up. us divides not together, us brings who somebody needs country Our bigotry. promote who candidates are need we thing last the country, our in discrimination and sexism racism, of centuries After violence. fleeing refugees on backs our turn not will We fear-mongering. and demagoguery for time the not is Now millions. of care health away take and rights gay against fight voters, disenfranchise to try should ideas of platform serious No sisters. and brothers LGBTQ our with stand must We NC. from Game All-Star year's next pulling NBA the by move Great today. hurting is it than more even country this of class middle the strangle will that agenda austerity an not agenda, pro-worker a need We jail. to big too are they fail, to big too only not are banks Street Wall where now situation a have We class. middle struggling the but year, each millions and millions in raking are who those not are cut tax a need who People nationwide. fracking out phase must We planet. our and health our to danger a is Fracking clear: is evidence The for. pay to forgot he wars two into us took and billionaires to breaks tax gave Bush W. George because debt national large a such have We that. of proud very be all should we think I and immigrants, of daughters and sons the are we because great is country Our mine of priority top a been always has the Protecting Thx! .@chesapeakebay to need we why about talk to Richmond in center jobs a to Headed table the on food put to struggling &amp; work for searching been have who Richmonders from stories to Listened success for resources students gives that program @cisnational the about learned I RVA in School Elementary Reid At action! in CTE see to visit school upcoming our for ACTE join to plans @timkaine Senator that Thrilled @CTEMedia: RT wait! Can’t @USParalympics @AshWagner2010 @AshleySkis luck! Good VA! from Paralympians &amp; Olympians of proud Very education in investing of importance the &amp; service public about students @VAUnion1865 w/ discussion Great families military &amp; veterans our impact unfairly that reductions pension military of repeal the toward step impt an took Senate the Pleased critical so are ed higher to pre-k from Investments Thx! .@KimberlyAdams strengthen to do we’ll work the of all for Excited .@BrianWillPower together working to fwd Looking @JohnWalsh! Senator to welcome big A Virginians 3 including – veterans II War World 6 of service the honor to @fhollande join to Myer Fort to way my On service their by Humbled Sales. Robert &amp; Ordel Arthur Cheban, John Virginians &amp; veterans WWII meet to Honored Dec from bill our Mirrors reductions. COLA replace to savings finds that amendment intro to @MarkWarner join to Proud to access &amp; training workforce improve to efforts @USDOL lead to better anyone of think Can’t it. do to honored was I .@ChrisLu44 here: statement full my Read servicemembers. current for right things make to able were we pleased I’m brinksmanship. &amp; crisis-budgeting over certainty economic chosen again has Congress that heartened extremely I’m prepared: be to how on info Helpful tmrw. &amp; tonight VA through way its makes storm winter the as cautious be Please County. Dinwiddie &amp; County Chesterfield in jobs 1000 add will @amazon that news Great there be still we’ll – Nope @AbsolutelyDc 14th Feb for time in just – Lovers for is Virginia why on article @BuzzFeed 1st my out check in, snowed you’re While area: your in plowed been have streets which shows map Helpful Lovers! for is Virginia why on @timkaine by article Buzzfeed Great @MatthewBDavey RT it! like you Glad @BuzzFeed @timkaine the Loving @Howeja19 RT Thx! Virginia for day Great life. next your in you See Cat. the Hank RIP Virginians. all to &amp; Anne wife beautiful my to Happy Lovers for is Virginia Reasons 14 for piece @BuzzFeed my miss don’t , of spirit the In Egypt. &amp; Bank West the Israel, in leaders w/ meet to @SenAngusKing w/ East Middle the to trip week-long a for leave I’ll Tonight Commander Battalion from briefing a border-got Gaza near site Dome Iron an visited I &amp; @SenAngusKing today, Israel In sharing intel &amp; assistance mil incl security, bilat US-Israeli for support affirmed we today, @netanyahu w/PM mtg In @SenAngusKing cc: Israel in day our from readout full a Here's members Knesset Minister, Justice w/Israeli met Also Authority. w/Palestinian today Ramallah in meetings of Readout Palestine Israel, between peace on today Abbas Mahmoud President Authority w/Palestinian discussion substantive Had Jerusalem City, Old - morning this Gate Jaffa the over sunrise beautiful a Caught VA Herndon, &amp; Reston Alexandria, Arlington, from Aviv Tel in serving officers service foreign meet to pleasure a Was model role &amp; servant public remarkable a Warner, John Sen. fmr friend my to birthday 87th Happy program! short @USFigureSkating today’s in @AshWagner2010 VA’s to luck of Best Sleiman President as well as Salam PM government, formed newly of w/leader met I &amp; @SenAngusKing today, Lebanon In Alexandria &amp; Winchester Manassas, Culpeper, Arlington, from Beirut in Officers Service Foreign meeting Enjoyed members. opposition &amp; leaders youth officials, government w/ today Egypt in meetings productive Had sharing! for Afghanistan–thx from returned he after Nicole fiancé his &amp; Gerardo David Lt. 1st VA’s of photo Great Lebanon in serving while killed personnel US honoring memorial the by moved were I &amp; .@SenAngusKing seats our of edge the On hockey! women’s on Come progress democratic Egypt's ensure to ways discuss &amp; today me w/ meet to time the took who leaders youth to Thx team! @usahockey men's our to luck Good Sinai the in mission peacekeeping Observers &amp; Force w/Multinational serving servicemembers w/VA visit Great @Ge… @Jim_Moran @RepWOLFPress @timkaine to thx - track on Dulles to Rail keep to years many for hard worked have us of lot A @MarkWarner: RT growth: economic &amp; jobs for impt - Dulles to Rail for loan $2B almost securing toward step Huge @MarkWarner: RT aid. humanitarian obstruct who those watching is world Signals forward. step good is implemented fully if Syria on UNSCR but long, too Took traditions oldest Senate's the of one continuing Address, Farewell Washington's of reading today's on @SenAngusKing friend my by job Great by! stop Please Pearisburg. &amp; Christiansburg Burke, Annandale, in Connects Kaine host will staff my week, This live: Listen East. Middle the to visit my about @jfradioshow friend my w/ talk I’ll 7:20AM At priorities. security national our on budget defense the of impacts the on nominees DoD question will - hearing Cmte Services Armed to Headed today hrg Senate at Lauck Hannah intro'ed I and @timkaine @MarkWarner MT Richmonder fellow &amp; nominee qualified Very law by required &amp; critical is Navy 11-carrier maintaining – me w/ agreed nominees DoD hearing, Cmte Services Armed In energy renewable on signal right the send can we how on @thehill in op-ed my read to moment a Take accept. I election, general a in cat a defeated have to Senator only the As .@bennyjohnson govt formed w/newly wk last visit my following Lebanon, in developments security &amp; political recent on hearing subcommittee a chair to About today ENTERPRISE USS the from Hornef James LCDR &amp; Gilmore Linda NC1 Virginians meeting Enjoyed treatment improve to how discussed we as today stories their shared courageously who assault sexual military of survivors the to Grateful @RTDSchapiro @ToddyPuller @SenatorCarper Cc: wishes! birthday the all for Thanks goals: of example Great jobs. solar w/ skills vets matching on report @SolarFound @OperationFree Impt trivia in @SenSherrodBrown stump &amp; resolution year’s new my achieve can I so almanac baseball a w/ me surprised Staff Thanks! @RepScottRigell CSPAN2 on in Tune access. humanitarian unhindered for call to floor Senate to Headed disaster. unacceptable an is crisis refugee Syrian The CTE promote to educators encouraging &amp; education &amp;technical career celebrating resolution intro to @SenatorBaldwin @robportman join to Proud vote to right the expanding of importance the on @billclinton featuring video Great veterans support to efforts on together work to hope &amp; service his for Grateful today. speech floor maiden his on @JohnWalsh to Congrats -TB Month as Feb designate to @robportman &amp; @timkaine w/ work to Proud @SenatorBaldwin MT issue this on partners be to Proud pay equal for fighting keep let’s history, throughout women of contributions countless the to tribute pay we As reauthorizes bill battlefield bipartisan my program the through VA in battlefields protect to &gt;$150K award will @NatlParkService Pleased VA. in roads the on accumulate to begin ice &amp; snow as tonight safe stay Please families &amp; mothers support to work important your for Thx @NatWICAssoc! anniversary 40th Happy strengthening of importance the about seminar policy @actecareertech’s at speak to honored was I here: statements our Read proposal. budget President’s the on in weighed I &amp; @MarkWarner member Cmte Budget Fellow fleet 11-carrier &amp; VA on impact budget's defense the about Hagel Secretary ask I'll hearing Cmte Services Armed morning's this In in: Tune budget. President's the and Ukraine in situation the discuss to @JoanJ &amp; @mikemosswtop join I'll AM 8:30 At session today's for prayer opening the offer @DalaiLama the Holiness His have to honor an What AM this coffee our at owners business small VA w/ selfies some take to me and @MarkWarner inspired .@TheEllenShow MS Clarksdale stop, First @repjohnlewis. by led wkend this Pilgrimage Rights Civil @FaithNPolitics annual 14th the join to Honored luck! good athletes @USParalympics our of all Wishing off. show @timkaine, @ChrisMurphyCT RT favorite personal a Blues, Monday Stormy playing was band The resist. Couldn't East Middle the to visit our on tmrw 10AM at @WGANNews on @SenAngusKing w/ conversation my miss Don’t equality for striving keep to pledge &amp; globe the across women of achievements social &amp; political economic, the celebrate we Today Selma in crossing Bridge Pettus Edmund 1965 the of commemoration the for @repjohnlewis w/ march to humbled – day moving a Truly VA Northern in jobs for them prepare classes how about Alexandria in students @NovaAccess w/ discussion Great April in Championship @VEXRobotics the to go they before 1 Team Robotics @NOVA_Stem by demonstration a watching Loved assault sexual military of survivors empowers &amp; protects that bill pass to lines party across Senators join to Proud in: Tune . standing in colleagues Senate my join will I tonight 10PM At speeches Senate the &amp; energy clean discuss to 9:35AM at tmrw @chucktodd joining to fwd Looking energy clean in invest &amp; pollution reduce to need the on floor Senate the on speak I'll minutes few a In Crozet: &amp; Lovingston Grundy, Bristol, Forge, Clifton Lebanon, Co., Botetourt in wk this Connects Kaine by stop Please energy clean in invest to need the on @chucktodd w/ discussion my for 9:35AM at @dailyrundown the to in Tune @smashingwalnuts cc: Act Research Miller Gabriella pass to @EricCantor @MarkWarner w/ effort lead to Proud Act! Research First Kids Miller Gabriella of support your for @timkaine &amp; @OrrinHatch Thx @SmashingWalnuts: MT bill impt this back to Proud priority high be will security hear to pleased was &amp; elections Afghan upcoming about Dunford General asked I hearing Cmte Services Armed In in: Tune pm. 12:25 at today Lewis Cathy w/ HearSay @WHRO's on speech my discussing to forward Looking family his &amp; him w/ are prayers &amp; thoughts My needs. he medication the receive will Hardy Josh Fredericksburg’s grateful Deeply more: Learn professionals. STEM of generation next the trains it as Virginians for move great a is RCPS+ Expanding game! round first their in Hokies the to luck Good @GatesScholars to thx him to afforded opportunities the about Alvaro staffer my from heard &amp; by stopped .@BillGates today conference @StateDept for town in were who chair subcmte Mid-East as oversee I countries many for Missions of w/Chiefs meet to Honored Committee Services Armed the on work my and govt, &amp; business about discussion a for tonight students @DardenMBA joining to forward look I tonight! delegates @SenateYouth States United Virginia's with talking enjoyed I for strategy humanitarian new a for calling resolution bipartisan a introduced I and @marcorubio Today stand to time It’s homes. their flee to forced been have Syrians of Millions today than tomorrow cleaner get to US the enables that policy science-driven for need the stressed I on hearing today’s At childcare affordable quality, to access have families ensuring by Virginians helps which passed Senate news! Great aid humanitarian need who children million 5 than more with stand you if RT displacement &amp; violence suffering those for aid humanitarian more for calling by stood I vigil, today’s At hard this been have shouldn't critical a - to deal Senate bipartisan the about Pleased Officer Reserve Force Air an Karen, staffer my by Act Protection Victims the on post thoughtful very a miss Don't Visita cobertura. obtener para dias 17 faltan Solo education celebrate to day Great ! Happy March! love I games. final conference @VCU and @UVA pm 1 for church after in Settling Crimea: in referendum today’s of recognition Russia’s on statement My Day! Patrick’s St. Happy area: your in plowed been have streets which showing map a Here’s today. snow the in out you’re if safe stay Please Navy 11-carrier an maintain to need we why discuss I interview @DefenseNewsTV In ICYMI: by! stop Please Richmond. &amp; Clinchco Woodstock, Tazewell, in Connects Kaine host will staff my of members week, This HBCUs! volunteer-producing top of list 2014 @peacecorps the on #3 ranking for @nsuspartanz Congrats discrimination workplace from workers LGBT protect to order executive an issue to President the on called I Today VA southern in programs learning distance &amp; telemedicine expand to grant @usda well-deserved a on @newcollegeinst Congrats ? your in Who’s way. the all going @UVA &amp; 16 Sweet the in @VCU have I bracket. my out Filled Horan Patty McLean's including caregivers, military honor @DoleFoundation the see to Great @repjohnlewis: by led Pilgrimage Rights Civil the from Reflections granted. for vote to right the take never can We proud! Virginia make tonight, @VCU and @UVA for Rooting season great a on Rams the to Congrats night. last @vcu for loss Disappointing teams! robotics VA's on cheer to @SiegelCenter the at @VirginiaFIRST the to Headed today there you seeing to fwd Look luck! Good @ParkdaleRobotic op-ed @roanoketimes my Read VA. to critical is expansion Medicaid why us shows County Wise in clinic @ramusaorg The care. to access lack who Virginians rural help would it how is expansion Medicaid of impact under-told The did! I that glad So - yesterday’s at you meet to by come I that asking &amp; writing for @frc1086 Team Thx care preventive free expanded &amp; deficit the reduced conditions, pre-existing w/ people protected has later, yrs 4 marzo de 31 el hasta tienes , en asequible, salud de cuidado del ley la de aniv. cuarto el celebramos Hoy premieres! it when spots local see to wait Can't Richmond. around &amp; in filming been have who @TurnAMC of cast w/ Met equality women's &amp; rights civil advancing work her for of Height Dorothy honor homepage @google today's see to Great Syria in crisis the address to work bipartisan my &amp; expansion Medicaid talk to @jfradioshow join I’ll minutes 5 In Virginians &gt;400K help would expansion Medicaid how discuss to @1140WRVA on Barrett Jimmy join I’ll 8:35AM At Norfolk. Station Naval at shooting night's last by impacted those to prayers &amp; thoughts condolences, deepest my Sending agree you if RT choices. care health own her make to right woman’s a of favor in rules hope I uses she medication what decide shouldn’t CEOs corporate reasons, medical other or planning family for it needs woman a Whether issue. economic an and issue family a it’s issue, women’s a just not is This nation! the feed to hard working for country the across and Virginia in farmers thank to RT repairs. of years after 12, May on re-open will Monument Washington the that announced Service Park National The news! Great @RROysters family-owned favorite: local a of story success the Read oysters! delicious VA’s of enough get can one No season! amazing an on @JMUWBasketball to Congrats economia. la sobre hablar para Castro, Carlos y Toro Del Carlos Virginia, de empresariales lideres con reuní me Hoy yesterday! School Middle Ridge Blue from students with meeting time great a had I job. next their for look they while relief need who Americans for to Congress for time it's think you If RT troops- US aiding for danger in interpreters Afghan for visas of processing expedite to @StateDept asking I'm on sanctions &amp; of government and people the for assistance economic much-needed pass to voted just I illegal that’s Now gender. her of because just insurance health for more charged be could woman a when to 31. March by and plans health private for up signed have who people mil. 6 than more Join leaders local w/ region the in development economic discuss to Forge Clifton in College Community Lancaster S. Dabney to way my On Co. Alleghany for Medicaid expanding transpo, &amp; education funding of impt discussing &amp; Vision2025 abt hearing Enjoyed MSU beat @UVA watch to now home Headed Dairy-Rite! Wright's at stopping without Staunton through drive Can't shake chocolate the with go always I course! Of @amyebridge @UVA season incredible an on Congrats night. last Hoos the for loss Heartbreaking 500. STP the in drivers the all to luck Good @MartinsvilleSwy! at day race It's exercise: problem-solving creative &amp; fun a into tech for passion their turn who students college VA on piece Great business for good it's why &amp; wage min than more paying of practice their discuss to Alexandria in @MOMsOrganicMrkt to way my On → ! salud, de plan un en inscribirse para día ultimo el es Hoy families working for to time it's that agree I &amp; Alexandria, in @MOMsOrganicMrkt of owner Nash, Scott here watch people; Afghan &amp; country for milestone elections-significant Afghan 4/5 about speak to floor to Heading @SenSherrodBrown cc: why? Bonus: home? at season every open to gets that team only the is franchise MLB Which day! opening @MLB it's Excited birthday! happy a @SenAngusKing friend good very my Wishing season! the off start to one easy an you gave I Correct, @MLB @Reds .@SenSherrodBrown to need we why on @abuddy &amp; @mikehydeck with conversation my for 6:45AM at @wusa9 to in Tune economy &amp; families VA’s benefit will the raising how about talk to @stevechenevey &amp; @Fox5DCAllison w/ down sit I’ll 7:30AM At here: Watch families. working affecting topics other and to need the on spoke I morning This ICYMI: participate! to me inviting for thanks did, I glad I'm .@TuxedoPandas coverage health private for up signed have , the to Thanks news: great the RT : must we why on today remarks my from More poverty. in live should time full works who one No deserve they recognition to closer step 1 - @IndianCommittee of out passed tribes Indian VA 6 to recognition fed. grant to bill our Grateful all for opportunities &amp; training workforce improve to work his to fwd Looking Secretary. Dep. @USDOL confirmed was @ChrisLu44 Pleased Sintoniza minimo, salario al aumento el sobre hablando estare minutos algunos En Commonwealth the for issue important this covering for thanks tribes; Indian VA 6 for recognition federal talk to wait the worth .@MattLaslo District River Danville's to entrance new beautiful a on International Tobacco Japan &amp; @cityofdanville to Congrats @USNavy! in Fleet a command to woman 1st &amp; Fleet 10th Command/ Cyber Fleet US of commander new the Tighe, Jan VADM to Congratulations more: Learn Act! Research Miller Gabriella the of signing the for @WhiteHouse the to way my On powers war reforming in interest my for reasons major the of –one @Miller_Center at Baliles Jerry friend good my of work the for grateful So @MasonPolicy cc: powers war reform to efforts my on Lecture Haynes Kingsley Annual 3rd the give to @GeorgeMasonU to Headed park! national beautiful a such honoring is @usmint Happy quarter. @ShenandoahNPS the of launch the for Royal Front to way my On donuts apple cinnamon delicious some for Royal Front in House Apple the at stop pit quick a Made Ramirez? @Indians .@SenSherrodBrown opener! home today's in @Nationals the to luck Good challenge. important an on @GetFitDanRiver Danville in neighbors office new our to luck of Best Centre! Business Crossing Commonwealth for permit secure help to @RepMGriffith @reproberthurt @markwarner w/ work bipartisan my of Proud Martinsville/HenryCo: to jobs bring to @RepMGriffith &amp; @RepRobertHurt w/@timkaine work to Proud @MarkWarner: RT today! birthday 100th Simon’s Bob founder &amp; Reston of founding the of anniversary 50th the celebrate to excited I'm make can leaders civilian decision important most the is battle into members service American Sending OP-ED: security base military and tragedy Hood Fort the discuss to Sunday @FoxNews on be I’ll morning Tomorrow security base military and tragedy Hood Fort the on McCaul Rep. w/ discussion my watch to minutes few a just in Sunday @FoxNews to in Tune decisions. critical these make we how about clear be to troops our to it owe we b/c – powers war on @RTDNEWS my Read help can Virginia in Medicaid expanding how &amp; Wagon Health the behind nurses the of story inspiring tells .@60minutes families. their and women hurts gap pay gender the b/c the pass to time It's work. equal for support you if RT men. to paid dollar every for cents 79 earn Virginia in Women job. next their find to struggling Americans vulnerable of millions for to bill bipartisan pass to Proud in strategy humanitarian new a for calling @marcorubio w/ intro'd I resolution approved unanimously Senate The for time It's earns. man a dollar every for cents 79 earn VA in women 2014 in that believe to hard It's floor! Senate the on shout-out a MOM's gives governor VA former and senator US Kaine, Tim @MOMsOrganicMrkt: RT issues regional mid-east and partnership strong discuss to Israel of Minister Foreign w/ meet to way my On insurance. unemployment and wage minimum the tech, about questions great had HS George King from Students help to doing is ICRC what and Syria in crisis humanitarian the discuss to @ICRC, of President @PMaurerICRC, with met Just award Children for Champion @SavetheChildren's receive to Proud County Henrico in project service community a w/ initiative my off kick to Saturday me Join women hard-working deny to voted just colleagues Senate my of many that disappointed deeply I'm Paintbrush Operation like - need in Virginians help that organizations &amp; causes highlight can we Through jobs? shipbuilding most in nation the leads Virginia that know you Did America. of council shipbuilders the of president the w/ met I Today @gosquirrels squirrel flying a by beat both were we bad too – True @RTDNEWS .@MarkWarner indivisible nation one us make truly to effort the in much so sacrificed who those for thankful Act, Rights Civil after yrs 50 history rich VA's to contributions their for recognition federal overdue long tribes Indian 6 grant to time It's this. on @Jim_Moran &amp; @MarkWarner w/ work my of Proud Arlington. in Research Scientific of Office keep will @usairforce VA! for news Great page: facebook my liking by Senate the in work my on date to up and connected Stay Charlottesville! to visit upcoming my and initiative new my discussing be I'll where @1070WINA to in Tune in! Tune . project service upcoming my discuss to @CommunityClo w/ FM Kiss on be I'll minutes few a In Saturday this off kicking initiative volunteer my , about more learn to now @JFRadioShow to in Tune Monday Charlottesville in to up be I'll what hear to mins 2 in @WCNRTheCorner money! saving of importance about @HollinMeadowsES at kids w/ talking Loved pets! on split were but need, a not want a is IPod an that agreed kids .@HollinMeadowsES diplomats. greatest country’s our of one Truly service. excellent of decades 3 his for Burns Bill to Grateful initiative: volunteer new my about more Learn today! Richmond in project 1st my off kick to Excited today! Paintbrush Operation with us help to out came who volunteers the all to Thanks yesterday! Shoes Lost of Field The of premiere the for Richmond in marching Corps @Vamilitary the see to great was It Congress in compromise find and order budget normal to back get to efforts share to glad AM; this me having for @CvilleVAchamber Thanks statement: my read to moment a Take today. Kansas in community &amp; victims for Praying h… Day Save to Children Teach for wants" vs "needs kids teaching Fri. fun had Keating ABA's &amp; @TimKaine ICYMI: @ABABankingNews: RT me. having for Thx too! excited I'm @LarrySabato .@Rachel__Leah history &amp; culture our to contributions their &amp; tribes Indian VA of recognition for fight the on piece @RTDNEWS Great … home. couple's a paint help to in Day Citizen for sleeves his up rolled @timkaine Sen. @VisitHenrico: RT US across programs CTE strengthen can we how for model great Lynchburg; in CVCC at action in ed tech &amp; career Saw Politics American to Intro teaching semester last his of lecture guest final the deliver to class @LarrySabato's to way my On to… Thanks photo? 1st my in students politics uva 400 with than Instagram join to way better What week! birthday TJ's it's University, Jefferson's Mr. at stop a make to timing Perfect Seder. neighborhood annual our at friends joining to forward look I &amp; Anne tonight. Passover celebrating those to out go wishes warmest My development. tech and research about more learn to today here visiting @timkaine Sen. Welcome @NASA_Langley: RT ones loved their &amp; survivors the of courage &amp; strength the remember we bombings, Marathon Boston year’s last on reflect we As photos! for tuned stay – projects development &amp; research newest its about learn to @NASA_Langley to drive rainy the Making wind… measure help can it how &amp; technology Lidar Wind Doppler about learned I @NASA_Langley at Today @NASA_Langley! from interview live my for PM 4:10 at @WAVY_News to in Tune today Richmond in to up I'm what hear to 9:10AM at @JackGravelyShow the to in Tune 16. April on community @Virginia_Tech the to turn always will thoughts Our help… to ways about lot a learned I start-ups! other and @Health_Warrior w/ meeting Excellent AM this w/start-ups meeting for backdrop as served that @HamiltonGlass artist by of sketch erase dry this Love change! sparking are Millenials how on @urichmond at event @AtlanticLIVE at speak to Excited more &amp; entrepreneurs Richmond w/ meeting my discuss me watch to 5:30PM at @CBS6 to in Tune delicious! was plate BBQ Martinsville. to way on lunch for Hill South in BBQ Wilson's at Stopped the to thanks plans health private for up signed have Americans news: Great VA for win Huge center! training security embassy an for site the as Pickett Ft. choosing in decision great a made Administration The my… of Proud today! site Centre Business Crossing Commonwealth the on ground broke Officially Friday. Good on Anne with Garden--strolling Botanical lewisginter the at Tulips us. having for Thanks did! sure We .@lewisginter days fee-free of list a Here's ! during weather the enjoy and outdoors Get Park? National VA favorite your What's favorites. personal my of one is .@ShenandoahNPS Richmond. in family with mine spending be to blessed Feeling Easter! happy very a everyone wish I and Anne day! race great a runners @bostonmarathon the all Wishing increased… that agreed all - Roanoke in leaders local &amp; educators owners, business small from Heard expand &amp; unemployment veterans reduce to work my about hear to 5PM at @WVVA to in tune Bluefield, in you're If today! than tomorrow cleaner are we ensure to do must we work the of reminder great a is Today - Happy SWVA benefit would development workforce improved &amp; certainty budget how discuss to @WythevilleCC at roundtable Great services veterans improve can we ways about veteran student w/ spoke &amp; class coding medical @WythevilleCC by Stopped ! about news exciting the sharing for Thanks @timkaine @GoParks: RT resolution '73 the reform to efforts my &amp; powers war of issue on students politics @emoryandhenry w/ discussion Great in! tune - VA benefit will &amp; training workforce expanding how discuss to 5:30PM at @News5WCYB Bristol's Joining Bristol! in day spring Gorgeous jobs available match skills workers' so training workforce prioritize must we Wytheville: in heard I that Abingdon in concerns same Heard Smokehouse! Fire Bone at bbq &amp; wolfhills at music live back-to-back beat Can't - Abingdon in night Great Abingdon in @Zazzy_Z from coffee with right off morning the Starting Field! Wrigley Birthday 100th Happy solar… art the of state their seeing &amp; Bristol in facility R&amp;D Energy Clean new the touring Enjoyed potential professional and educational their reach students at-risk help to VA in work amazing doing is .@Cisnational done! being work great me, having for Thanks @cisnational @BVPSDistrict .@bigpapi1958 trip! great a end to way perfect a - Ellsworth Lu friend good my with @Heartwood_SWVA At by! stop Please Vinton. in Team Outreach Health Rural @DeptVetAffairs w/ Connects Kaine host will staff my Tomorrow, all for the ensuring by equality of ideal Jefferson’s advance to how on @evanwolfson w/ op-ed my Read marry to freedom the have should Americans all believe we why share I &amp; @evanwolfson @PilotOpinion, today’s In Virginia: in hikes favorite my of list a here's of honor In soon! back be to hope I SWVA. in kids for program important an Such .@CISSWVA list my Here's Virginia? in hike favorite your What’s … Park. National Shenandoah in Mountain Blackrock and capital, nation's the are places favorite 2 My @timkaine @PaulHodges10: RT poverty. of out families lifts economy, boosts tables, their on food put Americans helps win-win-win: is wage minimum Raising minimo salario al aumento un de importancia la sobre opinion de articulo mi Lee shipbuilders outstanding our &amp; VA for win huge a is submarines Virginia-class 10 build to commitment .@USNavy tuition in-state for qualify now can students VA announced @AGMarkHerring news! Great to need we why on Lucas Dave w/ conversation my for 2:30PM at @NewsChannel8 to in Tune students VA for tuition in-state &amp; to need discussing be will 3:35PM; at @EspuelasVox to in Tune poverty of out themselves lift to opportunity an deserve Americans hard-working believe I now: in Tune 2014. beyond Afghanistan of future the on hearing a chairing be I'll support! you if RT to legislation advancing of favor in vote to floor the to way my On public American the from support bipartisan despite the raise to failed Senate the discouraged I’m floods for prepare to how on post @VDEM's Read Virginia. across rains heavy continued during safe be Please area. in all of safety for praying &amp; scene on officials to Grateful derailment. train after Lynchburg help to can we all do to ready Stand @GeorgeMasonU! of President Cabrera, w/Angel meet to pleasure a always It's h… del Colegiaturas las y DREAMers los sobre hablando Kaine Tim Senador El 1480, D Gran La escucha Jueves Hoy @demetriofloress: RT residentes a designadas colegiaturas para elegibles serán DREAMers VA los que anuncio el sobre hablando Estaré @lagrand1480! ahora Sintoniza now: live Listen DREAMers. VA for tuition in-state &amp; issues IRS Afghanistan, discuss to @jfradioshow the on be I’ll way" fair a in set be must and set be must "standards on @timkaine @CIIWG: RT military into women of integration full highlighting @LorettaSanchez, &amp; @SenGillibrand w/ Symposium Combat In Women the co-sponsor to Proud month this country the throughout &amp; VA in community the of accomplishments &amp; contributions the celebrate to proud I’m hometown! my in cause great a – radiothon Camp to Kid a Send annual 7th @COMMUNITYCLO's to in call I’ll 11AM At fwd moving Line Silver of II Phase @MarkWarner &amp; @GerryConnolly @Jim_Moran @RepWOLFPress w/ work bipartisan to Thanks Award! Year the of Teacher National the for finalist a Springfield, in School Elementary Crestwood of Porfirio Melissa to Congrats broadband. to access affordable has Virginian every sure make to efforts enhance to need we agree I &amp; .@MarkWarner Medicaid expands VA if more 400K+ be could but start Great marketplace; insurance health through coverage gotten have VA in 200K reports HHS today! Richmond in championships @USACcollegiate the off kicking riders the to luck Good powers: war on process constitutional consistent, a for need the on @thehill in op-ed my read to moment a Take seniors! School High Harrisonburg with session Skype my for up Setting family loving &amp; safe a w/o themselves find who people young many of needs urgent the highlight to month a Month- Care Foster National is May Syria inside situation humanitarian deteriorating the halt to action urgent for calling to wrote I Today does she if candidacy her for support my pledged &amp; president for run to @HillaryClinton encouraged I Today why: Here's president. 45th our be to person best the is @HillaryClinton center training security embassy future the of site the tour &amp; officials local w/ meet to Pickett Fort to Driving better. the for life your changed who to time Take Week! Appreciation Teacher It's personnel embassy train to location @VaNationalGuard–ideal &amp; @StateDept @RepRobertHurt w/ site FASTC of tour Great economy across felt be will that industry ag &amp; growers VA for news today-great lifted China in poultry VA on ban 7yr Pickett Ft surrounding region entire &amp; Blackstone on have will FASTC impact positive the on piece @RTDNEWS Read Must benefits &amp; pay to comes it when heard are voices servicemembers’ ensure to @JohnCornyn w/ bill introduce to Proud … @MoisesNaim @jfamiliar @DevalPatrick @timkaine @WHAAsstSecty @PennyPritzker @JohnKerry w/ conference DC our Tomorrow: @ASCOA: RT @BlueAle… @NAPOpolice . renewing by them protect help and honor can We us. for lives their risk officers Law @SenatorLeahy: RT personnel military our to most matter that benefits the protect us help will Act Empowerment Compensation Servicemembers’ bipartisan The Ukraine. democratic and free a support &amp; aggression Russian oppose to plans Administration's the abt learn to hearing @US_SFRC to way my On militants Haram Boko by in girls 200 than more of kidnapping condemning strongly resolution a passed unanimously Senate the Proud benefits military on survey for pushes @timkaine Sen. @Daily_Press: RT ties economic US-Mexico about Americas the on Conference annual 44th the at speak I as live Watch wind offshore for hub ideal is VA project. energy wind for grant major @DomVAPower awards @ENERGY of Dept news- Great jobs American reliable by supported &amp; energy clean by powered future a toward step exciting an is announcement wind offshore Today’s Sintoniza! mas. y Mexico con Unidos Estados de relaciones las sobre @jclopezcnn con conversando @CNNDirectoUSA en estaré 6PM las A @TimKaine Senator &amp; Barak Ehud Minister Defense &amp; PM former &amp; friend my with meeting Good @SenJohnMcCain: RT … responders first with better communicating are railroads ensure to steps taken has @USDOT letter, our Following @MarkWarner: RT derailment Lynchburg after safety rail &amp; VA for news wind offshore great discuss to 7:50AM at @WTOP on be I'll compensation/benefits on heard preferences servicemembers' ensure to bill new my about @RumbleFM99 w/ speak to About in! Tune safety rail improve to for calling I &amp; @MarkWarner what discuss to WIQO Lynchburg's on be I'll mins few a In democracy stronger a for working Venezuelans support to do can we what discuss to hearing @US_SFRC to way my On East Middle the in commitment and leadership US on discussion panel join to Conference Founders Weinberg 2014 @washinstitute's to Heading Truman S. Harry heroes, political my of one &amp; President American great a to birthday Happy moral &amp; economic diplomatic, military, across strength US balance to Have .@timkaine: @washinstitute: RT then. since improved has record my lucky 'm No me! having for Thanks .@RumbleFM99 visas immigrant special obtain troops US assisted who interpreters Afghan help to legislation introduced I Today today! class graduating 1st the to speech keynote the deliver to honored I'm &amp; Gov as School Medical Carilion VT support to proud was I today. prayers and thoughts our in are Festival Balloon Mid-Atlantic at accident balloon air hot in those of ones loved &amp; Families @VSUTrojans tomorrow! Commencement Spring the at address keynote the delivering to forward Looking Day! Mother's Happy Anne!) and mine (like there out supermoms the all to wishes Warm them fund to how &amp; needs transportation top region’s the discuss to experts policy &amp; leaders Virginia w/Northern down sitting to fwd Looking different… &amp; priorities transportation regional discuss to experts transportation NOVA w/ meeting Great workforce the into transition veterans’ easing for year) the of (VA’s @KnightSolution1 Leesburg’s to Thx Resolution Powers War 1973 the reforming on @CSIS at speaks @TimKaine Sen. Tomorrow: @AP_Planner: RT EST 9am at tmrw @timkaine w/ Resolution Powers War 1973 the reform to How @CSIS: RT live: Watch powers. war reform to need the on discussion a for @CSIS at be I'll AM 9 At diploma college of cost cut &amp; credit college earn students HS help to bill enrollment dual cosponsor to Proud my on building - credentials for pay servicemembers help to today the introduce to Proud workforce civilian into transition ease help will credentials of cost cover to Assistance Tuition military Expanding the of support their for @VFWHQ &amp; @AmericanLegion the to you Thank now. crisis humanitarian address to Need communique. of Friends the of Group 11'/Core 'London the applaud I Modi Narendra designate PM to congratulations - democracy their for milestone important another marked yesterday election India's vote! my Got contest. @USATODAY @10Best in island best for up is Island Assateague today. exist that inequalities the address can we that hope us gives and us guides w/ came that change &amp; progress The support! your for Grateful .@AUSNTweets order regular need we reason another – US across &amp; VA in airports on uncertainty budget of impact about talk to conference @NATCA to Headed by! stop Please Fishersville. &amp; County Amherst in Connects Kaine host will staff my week, This 4:00-6:00PM from today veterans for house open an holding is Bristol in Center Medical VA Home Mountain The now Subcmte Readiness to heading wk; this all cmte Services Armed Senate in bill defense FY15 up marking We're address to @SenCarlLevin w/ bill intro'ed I taxes. US avoid to offshore reincorporate can companies that Unacceptable NDAA FY2015 in servicemembers for benefits &amp; compensation discuss to markup Subcmte Personnel SASC to Heading wars Afghanistan &amp; Iraq after reform to ways discuss to hearing @US_SFRC to Heading pollution carbon reduce can tech &amp; innovation American recognizes it because Act ACCTION the cosponsor to proud I'm today! office the by drop seniors School High Herndon having Loved you! with meeting Great @AARPVaPrez @AARPVaSD .@AARPVa century 21st of jobs for needed skills attain workers US help to ed &amp; training in invest to deal bicameral bipartisan, support to Proud Run Mile Four improving &amp; Terminal Marine Island Craney advancing incl. VA for priorities key Includes passed. bill bipartisan Pleased Navy carrier 11 need we signal clear - GW USS of overhaul &amp; refueling for funding authorize to amendments my includes FY2015 Pleased preferences benefit servicemember of survey for called &amp; for benefits commissary to cuts against fought successfully we Proud need in kids to homes &amp; hearts their up open who families to credits tax give to bill intro to Proud families their &amp; servicemembers fallen our remembering in me Join country. our served who women &amp; men courageous for Grateful … @ShenandoahNPS. one this like lands public America's over happen sunrises beautiful most world's the of Some @Interior: RT environment. &amp; farmers both benefit will it – this for push to Proud Area. Conservation Critical a as the designating for @USDA Thx @IHEID Senate the in Powers War reform to efforts my on Geneva Institute Graduate the at speaking be to Honored deficit the reduce that solutions bipartisan find to efforts our for @FixtheDebt by Heroes Fiscal named were I &amp; @MarkWarner Proud s… @timkaine’s to according President” the to declaration the congress, the to up is war of decision clear: pretty is law US “The @IHEID: RT millions. touched activism &amp; writing inspirational Her ones. loved &amp; family Angelou’s Maya Dr. to condolences deepest my Sending community of accomplishments on reflect to Important passed. was recognize to cosponsored I resolution Senate Pleased by! stop Please Monterey. &amp; Springs Warm in Connects Kaine host will staff my week, This Award Scholars CTE Presidential a create to him urging @BarackObama to letter a sent I &amp; @SenatorBaldwin .@robportman defense national to critical is fleet carrier 11 an Maintaining CVN73. overhaul &amp; refuel to $789M included Cmte Appropriations House Pleased h… Program. Scholars Technical and Career a for calling in @timkaine &amp; @robportman cochairs caucus CTE my join to Proud @SenatorBaldwin: RT successful. been not have it solve to efforts that and problem the of nature systemic demonstrates report IG VA Latest VA the of leadership new select to President the for is public the &amp; veterans our of confidence regain to way Only … tour! today’s of stop last the on VA for about talking @TimKaine w/ back be to Good @MarkWarnerVA: RT 9AM! at tmrw Conversations Virginia @WVTFRADIOIQ’s on in-studio May-Lily joining to fwd Looking 1-800-866-6397 at call a us Give 9AM. at starting Conversations Virginia w/ in-studio be I’ll me? for question a Have here: resources FASD fed Find . for prevention &amp; education improve help will ACA the Implementing @TMAndrews2006 more &amp; Syria in crisis the ACA, the reform to ways discuss to Conversations VA on May-Lily joined I Today ICYMI: sacrifice. &amp; service his for Thankful family. his to home returning be will Bergdahl Bowe Sgt. that Pleased because equality toward working keep to commit &amp; come we’ve far how celebrating in me join Please Month. Pride is June Commerce of Chamber Fredericksburg the of Council Affairs Military the of w/members meeting &amp; @Fort_APHill touring to forward Looking bill Enrollment Dual through costs cut to working I’m growing. &amp; trillion &gt;$1 is US the in debt loan Student help. to do can we what about educators &amp; parents students, w/ meet to @germannacc to Headed . a graduates denying is debt Student sense economic makes that way a in it do must we but interest, national our in is pollution carbon Reducing area Fredericksburg in assets security national critical about discussion great @Fort_APHill, of tour On costs college lower to certifications from - enrollment dual of benefits about Samantha like students from Heard projects award-winning impressive their me showing for students engineering @GermannaCC to Thx service. her for grateful be always will nation the &amp; VA advocate. inspiring &amp; friend dear Reiley–a Mame of loss the by saddened Deeply govt. &amp; business in Americans Asian of achievements the about Vienna in Conference CelebrAsian the to speaking Enjoyed VA the at accountability increase will that legislation introduce to colleagues my of 13 join to Proud ambassador. an as US the serve to tribe recognized federally a of member first the be will He nomination. Harper's M. Keith support to Proud family. Press Free the &amp; Regina Raymond, Jean, with are thoughts My Boone. Ray of death the with today journalist crusading a lost Richmond issues systemic fixing toward step Impt care. timely receive veterans ensure to times wait VA shorten will Act Trust Veterans’ Restoring The community int'l by recognized be not will &amp; cowardice of act is ppl own its starve to continues regime Assad while Syria in election Sham co-production &amp; investment trade, US for opportunities &amp; reforms dynamic Mexico’s about tonight leaders @MexicoInstitute w/ speaking Enjoyed economy US entire the and borrowers on debt loan student of impact harmful the highlight to Cmte Budget Senate to Heading http://… @timkaine teacher a become 2 made you effort the all of bc class your in student a be to love would I @NEAToday: RT @johncornyn Cc preferences. benefits &amp; pay on servicemembers survey to call our answered panel DOD news: Good burden debt loan student her abt hrg @SenateBudget at testimony delivered she after Jones Brittany alumna @VCU w/ Met college affording at a have should Americans more think you if petition this Sign today. family @NorfolkPD entire the &amp; Jones Brian Officer of ones loved the with are prayers &amp; thoughts My in: Tune glitch. family to fix incl it improve to ways also but working, is ways discuss to floor the to Heading VA in epidemic heroin growing address to force task statewide a for calling @GovernorVA to letter bipartisan write to together came us of 12 here: letter our Read done. be must Something localities. VA many in double to track on are deaths overdose Heroin @HHSGov of Secretary excellent an her make will experience sector private &amp; public Her nomination. Burwell's Sylvia support to Proud soon. it on action taking to fwd looking - bill VA a on compromise reach to fast acting for @SenJohnMcCain &amp; @SenSanders of proud Really @cityofdanville! up, it Keep Award! Commitment Marlles John the winning for Foundation Regional Danville the &amp; Stauber Karl to Congrats D-Day. on Forces Allied the of sacrifice &amp; fidelity valor, the remember we Today enjoy. we liberty the preserve to sacrificed who those of reminder visible a - today Bedford in @DDayMemorial at speak to Honored service veterans’ our of quality &amp; character the by Humbled today. Bedford in speak to honor an What planning. emergency for shipment freight about data good need Cities today. Gillette Michael Mayor Lynchburg w/ meeting Good fwd moving is bench federal the to nomination her that pleased I'm &amp; VA in service her through skill great demonstrated has Lauck Hannah @cityofdanville economy VA's Southern rebuild and jobs create to effort bipartisan continuing a of part be to Proud vote! 90-0 a on Court District Eastern the to confirmed being on Virginia of Lauck Hannah Judge to Congratulations race great a on candidates Democratic the all to congrats And @DonBeyerVA! Congratulations Program Scholars Presidential a start to him encourage I School, High Technical Worcester address to prepares @BarackObama President As for long too waited have many so that &amp; earned they care medical w/ veterans provide to bill passed swiftly we Proud VA the reform help will night last passed we bill the how discuss to Roberts Don &amp; @KatieWAVY join I'll when @WAVY_News to 8AM at in Tune Iraq in insurgency the discuss to on @mitchellreports join I'll minutes few a just In team! @ussoccer the to especially but the in participating teams the of all to luck of Best all. for equality for fighting continue Let's marriage. interracial on ban the end to ruled today, ago years 47 Day! Loving Happy of significance historic the recognize to co-sponsored I resolution a passed we that Proud more: Learn college. for pay to ways affordable find and ahead plan students help to bill a co-sponsor to Proud Iraq: in crisis unraveling the on statement President's the to response my Read backlog addressing are region the in facilities how on info further requesting VA to letter a in @MarkWarner Joined family. with today spending be to blessed &amp; Al dad my for Grateful ! Happy @UVA at Conference Intelligence &amp; Defense the at fields tech &amp; diplomacy military, the in leaders address to Honored county the in priorities transportation &amp; development workforce on officials @AlbemarleCounty w/ meeting Helpful young… 25 welcome to Charlottesville in Church Baptist African First Zion Mt. by performance Beautiful towards step important an is orientation sexual of basis the on discriminating from contractors fed ban to action President's The nations African &amp; US the b/t relationships strengthen to program impt an - @YALINetwork President's from leaders Met values democratic our w/ consistent is that relationship US-Egypt a for plan part 3 a outlines op-ed @AlMonitor My ! go Let's game. excellent an on the to Congrats service. public &amp; affairs foreign on students @GeorgetownSPHS w/ morning this discussion Great world the throughout leadership our weakens it how &amp; nominees Ambassador obstructing of dangers the discuss to soon floor Senate to Heading issues security national complex address to ability our weakens overseas country our serving from nominees ambassador 43 Obstructing morning this @SummerIR at speaking Kaine Tim Sen @arenda: RT me! having for thanks @SummerIR .@arenda D-Braves! go And meeting. great a for Thx @DanvilleBraves .@Malinowski the… &amp; Virginia for priorities defense discuss to Williams P. Timothy General Brigadier w/ mtg Great support mil for proposal any review to responsibility Congress' &amp; Iraq about @JeremyHobson @hereandnow's w/ Spoke region the in leadership &amp; security US to means it what &amp; Iraq in crisis the on take my for @NewsHour to in Tune in! tune - @jfradioshow friend my join I'll minutes few a In veterans: 9/11 post honor &amp; home welcome to resolution new my on @RumbleFM99 w/ discussion my for now in Tune veterans our to today introducing I'm resolution new a discuss to 8:25AM at @1070WINA join I'll veterans 9/11 post to resolution a introduce to @SenBlumenthal &amp; @SenatorBurr join to Proud years 13 for war at been that’s generation this by sacrifice &amp; service the for you thank &amp; say let’s Day, Veterans This today. challenges our overcome to hope us gives courage Their freedom. for fought &amp; slavery endured who those remember we On vets 9/11 post for commemoration a '14 Day Veterans make to resolution of support for @VVAmerica &amp; @VFWHQ @AmericanLegion Thx agree. you if RT 2014. Day Veterans on it do Let's veterans. post-9/11 our to time It's today: Iraq on announcement Obama’s President to response my Read Iraq in personnel &amp; embassies protect to steps take &amp; conditions political assess will President the that Encouraged today VA in volunteering employees @DiscoveryComm 200 the to Thx service. community in involved Virginians about hearing Love story. their forget not must We Turkey. and Lebanon in refugees Syrian of plight the firsthand seen have I Commonwealth. the around from friends w/ up catching to forward look I ! tonight's about Excited ed higher w/ assistance through life civilian into transition veterans helping in impact program's on reflect we anniversary On USA!! Go officials local &amp; @RobWittman @repbobbyscott @RepScottRigell alongside @OldDominionUniv at rise level sea on conference hosting to fwd Look here: info More County. Queen &amp; King and Point West in constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, policy… foreign current &amp; service public of importance the on students @APSVirginia w/ talk Great … rise: level sea on conference a for Monday on in @RobWittman and @RepScottRigell @timkaine, Joining @repbobbyscott: RT 9AM at 30th June Monday, @GOceanC @OldDominionUniv .@EricBoyle op-ed: @washingtonpost my Read Iraq. in action mil US initiate to authority for Congress to come must president The threats today's with deal to AUMF draft new a Congress to submit should House White The AUMF new a submit &amp; Iraq in action military US any for authorization congressional seek to President the on call to soon floor the to Headed Charlottesville! to title national first your home bring &amp; tonight Win tonight! @UVABaseball to luck Good them hire to ready companies at jobs good for Virginians train help Act-will Opportunity &amp; Innovation Workforce the support to Proud h… funny! insightful, Thoughtful, today! meeting for @SenatorWarner @timkaine Senators you Thank @JeffDavisDE MT @VCETatMasonUniv: RT possible education best the getting are students VA ensure to how on @MarkWarner &amp; @VCETatMasonUniv w/ meeting Great … 5/14 @CSIS speech Resolution" Powers War 1973 the "Reforming see oped, @washingtonpost @timkaine's Sen on more For @CSIS: RT on voted be should Iraq in action military any why discuss to @WTOP &amp; @morning_joe @Fox5NewsDC join I'll morning Tomorrow tonight: home Hoos the welcome help can You ! the at run great &amp; season fantastic a on @UVAbaseball to Congrats authorization Congressional requires action military US any why &amp; Iraq discuss to @Fox5DCAllison join I'll mins few a In Congress by on voted be should Iraq in action military US any why discuss I'll when 7:15AM at @Morning_Joe to in Tune Iraq in action military any in role Congress' on conversation our for 7:50AM at live @WTOP to Listen favorites! your of some share &amp; RT then and Miss, Can't You Activities Summer Virginia 16 article, @Buzzfeed my Read events VA favorite my of 1 @BristolRhythm, at @folksoulrevival w/ session jam great a to USA! Go win! will we that believe I Iraq in action military US any on vote a have should Congress why discussed I @Morning_Joe on Today month. peaceful and blessed a have you May the across and Virginia in community Muslim the to Kareem Ramadan live: it watch it, make can't you If Norfolk. in rise level sea on forum off kick I'll 9AM At discussion critical this host to me joining for @RepScottRigell &amp; @RobWittman @repbobbyscott to Thx conv… informative &amp; thoughtful very a advancing &amp; hosting in leadership his for @timkaine Senator to you thank special A @RepScottRigell: RT challenge… the to solutions on discussion bipartisan a for @OldDominionUniv at us joined who all to Thx contraception: to access of denial about more &amp; freedom religious about less case makes today decision health… it's whether - veterans our to promises keep we ensuring on Norfolk in discussion Powerful programs of quality the raise to legislation bipartisan new announce &amp; Center Tech &amp; Career Valley the tour to Fishersville to Heading @USMensSoccer! you, in believes Virginia am. I know I ? Norfolk in rise level sea on forum bipartisan yesterday's of summary this Watch us. ignore won't it but problem, this ignore can We 2011. in disbanded was that Commission Change Climate the revived has @GovernorVA Glad history! 238-year @USNavy's the in Admiral four-star of rank the attain to woman first the becoming on Howard Janine Michelle to Congrats US across &amp; VA in programs of quality raise today-will Fishersville in bill announce to Proud celebrated. be will office elected in yrs 48 during work amazing His '84. in Richmond to moved I since mine of mentor a been has Marsh Henry ahead still work the &amp; all for rights equal toward progress the on reflect we Act Rights Civil the of Anniversary 50th the celebrate we As workforce into transition w/ help &amp; servicemembers for care improving on Culpeper in veterans w/ discussion Great 73 CVN of overhaul &amp; w/refuel fwd moving @USNavy pleased yr-very this priority top a was fleet carrier 11 Maintaining afternoon! this facilities @GeorgeMasonU's touring to fwd Look fields scientific in certificates earn students post-baccalaureate &amp; HS let that programs @GeorgeMasonU abt Learned students! bright such meeting and labs the visiting great was it .@CabreraAngel morning! this @UrbanFarmhouse at leaders business women ChesterfieldCC w/ discussion Great outcomes. student improve creatively to dedication VA's shows This extension. flexibility waiver an receiving for VA applaud I institution Petersburg a - Restaurant Dixie the at burger delicious a for Stopped Missouri. of University the from graduated I day the to educators &amp; leaders business veterans, w/ week this VA across events my on PM 4:15 at @DianeNBC12 w/ interview my to fwd Looking program Trucks to Troops Commonwealth's the in participate can veterans Virginia more that news Great VA in recreation outdoor promoting while land public conserve to legislation Act, Sportsman's Bipartisan the support to Proud economy. Commonwealth’s the to billion $ contribute VA in watching wildlife and hunting fishing, people year, Each today! here you have to Great @klvanhorne .@VCETatMasonUniv VA across communities harmed has that abuse drug opioid prescription &amp; heroin curb to efforts new applaud I employers their by interference from care health to right women's protect to bill sponsor to Proud addiction of scourge solving to approach community-based successful city's to testament is Roanoke in announced Strategy Control Drug Nat'l soon! raceway the at be to Hope future. the for plans @RIRInsider's the discuss to Bickmeier Dennis @RIRprez w/ Met programs Education Technical &amp; Career of quality raise to bill our introduce to @senrobportman w/ soon floor Senate the to Headed live: Watch workforce. century 21st for them prepare that programs rigorous to access deserve Students high-quality to access have students ensure to Act Workforce Tomorrow’s Educating the intro'd I &amp; @senrobportman workforce strong a have we ensure to system education world-class a creating in invest to US the for essential It's appreciated! much very is support Your @senrobportman .@actecareertech country. the across and VA in programs enhance to hard work to continue I'll support! continued your for Thanks @senrobportman .@NASSP @timkaine workforce." century 21st the for students our preparing we're that sure make must "We @CTEWorks: RT Washington George USS of overhaul complex &amp; refuel re: officials @USNavy from today commitment more hear to Glad faith of importance the on reflect to dinner Iftar Hill Capitol Annual 5th their for @MACCPAC join to pleased Very today continues up clean as region the across everyone of thinking &amp; yesterday storm Beach VA in injured those to recovery speedy a Wishing bill new my discuss &amp; employees &amp; leadership company with meet facilities, the view to in Plant Spruance DuPont the to Heading soon. you See you! join to excited I'm @ChesterfieldVa .@DuPont_NAOps http:… @timkaine the protects Kevlar® how shows demo Plant; at lab ballistics Kevlar® tours Kaine Sen. @DuPont_NAOps: RT discussion! great a for employees the to thanks Big Plant. @DuPont_NAOps the of tour Great @RepWOLFPress cc: East Mid the in minorities religious for envoy special a appoint to bill our passed Sen. the Proud yesterday! @NASA_Wallops from launch successful the on @OrbitalSciences VA-based to Congrats more: Learn Act. the of sponsor proud a I'm boss. her and woman a not doctor, her and woman a between be should control birth use to not or whether about choice The wk last Park Battlefield Natl Richmond of expansion announced @SecretaryJewell pleased lands, historic preserving of supporter longtime a As delegation! VA by work Great Washington. George USS refuel to $848M incl bill Appropriations Defense FY15 announced just .@SenatorDurbin leader community towering and businesswoman pioneering a Walker, L. Maggie of birth the of anniversary 150th the celebrate we Today Commandant @USMC for nominee and commander ISAF Dunford, Joseph General with meet to Proud it. fix to how and choices healthcare women's to threat a is decision the why discuss to floor Senate the to Heading helpful! be to Glad .@RosalieDech investments infrastructure for need discuss to McLean in Center Research Highway Turner-Fairbank chose Pleased Washington George USS the refueling supports Congress that signal clear the sent have committees critical four The decision fix to bill Senate the discuss I as AM 7:40 at morning tomorrow @WTOP to in Tune decision the fix to bill Senate the discuss I as now @WTOP to in Tune contraception on ruling Court Supreme the to response legislative his on @timkaine Sen 12: At @kojoshow: RT soon! you join to excited .@kojoshow in! Tune decision. fix to bill Senate the discuss to @kojoshow the on be I'll min 5 In VA impact will that cuts recent of impact minimize to command @usairforce new for site be should Langley-Eustis JB here: Watch decision. the fix to legislation on speech floor a delivered I Yesterday, ICMYI: care. health to right women’s protect would that legislation considering from us kept Senators of minority a that disappointed extremely I’m @smashingwalnuts NIH at research disease pediatric funding of importance discuss to today Miller Mark &amp; w/Ellyn Met interns! @AIPAC w/ today discussion &amp; lunch Great can. I that all do to continue I'll issue. this on awareness raise to work hard your for you Thank .@smashingwalnuts too it about spoke I &amp; @McCartneyWP America; Central in crisis current about more learn to hrg @US_SFRC to Heading @HIIndustries Shipbuilding News Newport visit to came @SenatorDurbin when July, last to violence fleeing children unaccompanied &amp; border the on crisis humanitarian the on speech floor Senate my Watch there! be to excited Very tomorrow. game @salemredsox the at pitch first my for up Warming w/today spoke I graduates court drug of stories success &amp; abuse drug combat to work Valley's Roanoke the by Impressed 17: Flight Airlines Malaysian of downing the on statement my Read today the at Roanoke from leaders business young other &amp; entrepreneurs w/ discussion good a to fwd Looking comments &amp; questions intelligent their for entrepreneurs the to and the of tour for Steidle Sam to Thanks Gaza &amp; Israel in people the on damage serious inflicts &amp; tragic deeply is Israel &amp; Hamas b/t conflict escalating The Wilderness Creek Wilson Little the in trail Any .@mathewbrooks @salemredsox! go Let's pitch. First ! marker mile at us Join Pkwy. Ridge Blue the up clean to Day Citizen up, Next staple. Roanoke a at bfast Great River. Roanoke the along trails up clean us helped who volunteers the to thx Big @friendsbrp. w/ Day Citizen Great VA in rise level sea address to need urgent the discuss we @RepScottRigell, &amp; @repbobbyscott w/ op-ed joint my In entrepreneurship. talk to week last @GrandinCoLab the by stopped Kaine Tim Sen. @Roanokepreneurs: RT that businesses reward should We US. the of out jobs shipping for breaks tax get shouldn’t Businesses proud! Virginians make You leaders! of generation next our educating to commitment your for you Thank .@ChadNWright Gaza in conflict escalating the &amp; Ukraine on discussion our for @jfradioshow the to now in Tune efforts restoration the up keep Let's ‘87. since best season–our last 25% nearly rose harvest oyster VA's news! Good 12:05PM at in Tune VA. in rise level sea address to best how on Lewis Cathy @WHRO's w/ discussion a to fwd Looking live! Listen minutes. few a in Lewis Cathy w/ HearSay Joining Gravley! Ashante Winner, Contest Poster 2014 &amp; Danville from champion tobacco-free young meet to Great @CN… la en crisis la de @timkaine Sen. con hablamos además vuelo sobre último lo trae te @dlaje aire! ¡Al @CNNDirectoUSA: RT @KateBolduan @JohnBerman @wolfblitzer @ChrisCuomo Gaza. in conflict &amp; Ukraine in situation the on take my for 8AM at @NewDay @cnn to in Tune Gaza. in conflict escalating the and Ukraine on discussion our for minutes 2 in @Morning_Joe to in Tune @… Gaza y MH17 frontera, en humanitaria crisis la sobre @timkaine Sen. con entrevista la está Aquí @imolinarescnn: RT today. reform powers war discuss to me inviting for @CFTNI the to Thanks jobs. local 250 create will which operation, Med-Fit former the expand to $2M invest will @corehealthfit County! Grayson to Congrats safety rail by oil improve to derailment Lynchburg after recommended I &amp; @MarkWarner measures includes that proposal @USDOT by Encouraged America Central in fleeing are violence discuss to shortly floor the on @MartinHeinrich Joining there. everyone with are prayers and thoughts My morning. this Shore Eastern the on down touching tornado a of reports Frightening everyone! safe, Stay Beach. VA and Norfolk, Chesapeake, including Virginia, Southeast for warning thunderstorm severe a issued has .@NWS respond should we ways 6 &amp; border the at the about floor the on spoke I Yesterday Watch: businesses. VA for critical is Bank Export-Import the reauthorizing why abt shortly floor Senate on speak Will community. the help to can I whatever do to Ready Shore. Eastern the on storm the in injured many &amp; lost lives of reports see to sad Very access unimpeded for pressing continue will ; in suffering those to aid humanitarian getting for step Positive opening Line Silver tomorrow's to led that work bipartisan the on @DebraAlfarone &amp; @abuddy w/ discussion my for @wusa9 to now in Tune Line. Silver the on discussion our for in Tune @stevechenevey. &amp; @Fox5DCAllison w/ shortly @WTTGMORNINGNEWS on be I'll taxpayers to cost no at VA in companies supports which bank, Ex-Im the reauthorize to need the on speech my Watch here: Watch opening. Line Silver the to led that teamwork of years about @abuddy w/ spoke I morning This ICYMI: celebration. and prayer with filled be Eid your May world. the around and Commonwealth the across Muslims to Mubarak Eid Petersburg in lands historic protecting of importance the on @MarkWarner w/ op-ed @ProgressIndex my Read equality for fighting keep who others &amp; @MarkHerringVA of work the for Grateful today! VA in equality marriage for win Big deserve they care high-quality timely, the receive veterans help to deal a reached negotiators that heartened I’m season regular the of game last their play they as Sluggers) for is (VA team softball league Senate our to luck Good Secretary! @HUDGov new our @JulianCastro, to Congratulations here: statement My Butler. Caldwell Rep. former friend, family close our of passing the of hear to saddened Deeply victims abuse domestic to protection critical provide to Act introduce to @SenBlumenthal join to Proud him confirm to proud @DeptVetAffairs; the at changes much-needed implement to leader right the is McDonald Robert needs it what FBI offers best that selection effective cost HQ- FBI for shortlist on is site pleased Very @MarkWarner: RT Congress. on counting are businesses VA bank. Ex-Im of re-authorization for call to Admin @SBAgov &amp; colleagues Joined Sintoniza: sur. frontera nuestra en niños de crisis la discutiendo @pedrobiaggishow el en estare minutos dos En frontera: la en ninos los de crisis la sobre discusion nuestra escuchar para @selecta1320 ahora Sintoniza sur. frontera nuestra en asilo buscando niños de crisis la sobre @demetriofloress con hablando Estaré @lagrand1480! ahora Sintoniza solvency its extend helped ACA showing news good about shortly floor on speak Will . to anniv 49th Happy VA in crisis opioid the combat to strategies discuss to today me w/ meeting for @Botticelli44 @ONDCP’s to Thx fwd economy VA move to have we tools best of one - @EximBankUS reauthorize to bill intro to @MarkWarner join to Proud VA plagued have that issues fixing &amp; vets of trust restoring toward step compromise-major this support to Proud enjoy: to all for breweries local our showcase to chance great a month, annual 3rd the marks August This pursuit worthy a is energy coastal VA why on @RepScottRigell &amp; @RobWittman @Randy_Forbes @MarkWarner w/ op-ed my Read Blackhawks! Hooyah today. Base Naval Norfolk at Blackhawks 15 HM to visit Great Veteran WAC WWII &amp; trailblazer true Charlottesville-a of Pretzer Mildred to awards service present to honor an was It 70yrs… graduation officer Corps Army Women’s her of photos great some me showed Pretzer Mildred Mrs. expand… to work its for Grateful Cooperative. Telephone County Scott the touring from lot a Learned Gap. Cumberland the at morning beautiful but Foggy from… students veterinary w/ talked &amp; Ewing in campus @LMU_CVM new the of tour great a finished Just Lee… in economy local the &amp; veterinarians aspiring of future the on impact great a have will .@LMU_CVM training. technical of importance the discussed &amp; facilities CTE Toured Gap! Stone Big in @MECCVa at back be to Good them? name you to than capitals state other 8 to closer was I today, Gap Cumberland the above Overlook Pinnacle at stood I When help… to resources state-of-the-art students County Dickenson give will School High Ridgeview new The all. them got You done! Well .@jonbaliles other… 3 challenge to decided I ! the for me nominating for senangusking Thanks here: Watch @BreaksPark. beautiful at @SenAngusKing's completed I night Last bills utility on $ save helps which home Grundy a weatherize to @peopleincorp w/ worked I This effects. overdose counter to drug a naloxone, administer to trained get &amp; VA in epidemic opioid the abt talk to REVIVE! Project Joined in! tune - SWVA in week my about talk to 5 at live be I'll Bristol. in @news5wcyb at back be to Good Bar! Burger the at stop a without Bristol to go Can't Abingdon! in Jams Thursday from away us keep can't rain The internationally. compete it helps @EximBankUS how about heard &amp; facilities manufacturing @BristolProud's toured Just @EximBankUS reauthorizing of importance underscored today heard I What me! having for Thanks .@BristolProud epidemic this combat to doing are others &amp; @swvamrc work the for Grateful it. do to chance the had I thankful I'm impact econ regional $88M has &amp; workers 230 supports company - Reedville in @OmegaProtein of tour from lot a Learned update. status helpful for VIMS to Thx environment. &amp; economy VA's to critical are restoration crab blue &amp; Oyster (@VIMS_News) VIMS at change climate oysters about learns .@timkaine @Daily_Press: RT it! to forward looking .@HIIndustries classes! your me showing for &amp; site construction the of tour great a for you Thank @LCPSchools .@LouisaCountyVA LCHS! rebuilding toward progress the see &amp; School Elementary Jefferson Thomas new the at students visit to Great care animal &amp; tech auto maintenance, turf on classes in skills building are who students LCPS from hearing Loved ISIL against action military of authorization Congressional for need the discuss to tonight show @Maddow on be to Excited ISIL against action military on vote must Congress why on discussion for now in Tune @jfradioshow. w/ cover to Lots action military for authorization Congressional for need the &amp; threat ISIL discuss to 8:40AM at @WTOP on be I'll ISIL against force military of use on vote &amp; debate to Congress for need discuss to night last @maddow Rachel Joined everyone! , great a Have schools. high top nation's the of one named being for @MLWGS to Congratulations facilities new their for site the saw and reconstruction School High County Louisa the toured I Yesterday @HIIndustries US the across programs for model educational excellent an is School Apprentice The free debt graduate &amp; careers great for them prepare that skills w/ equipped get students School Apprentice @repbobbyscott! friend my with Beach Virginia in Center Cultural Philippine the at back be to great It's [VIDEO] Shipbuilding News Newport at School Apprentice The visits @timkaine Sen. @Daily_Press: RT in on going work good the all @timkaine Sen. show to Happy @norfolkdistrict: RT US the &amp; VA on impact economic major a have will &amp; future @PortofVirginia's to critical is expansion Island Craney project. critical this about more learn and visit could I Glad .@PortofVirginia workforce talented our growing &amp; economy regional the strengthening about speak to opportunity the for @Chamber757 Thx today! w/@timkaine @Chamber757's at speaking be to Honored @MarkWarner: RT economy. VA's strengthening on discussion a for the at @MarkWarner Senator senior &amp; friend good my join to great was It … @Chamber757 today. the before patch STEM Council's the with @timkaine presented Scouts Girl @GSCCC: RT ! Happy a Americans all and Virginians Wishing Morocco to heading &amp; Tunisia to visit wrapped Just Spain. &amp; Africa North to delegation Congressional lead to Excited rest. to laid are servicemembers WWII American 2,841 where Cemetery American Africa North the visited I &amp; Anne Today geography than spelling at better always was I Montgomery! Sorry .@PolitiFactVA Sotloff: Steven of murder barbaric the on statement My @NAVSTA_Rota! at you seeing to forward Look .@JamesCostos helps… that Tangier in site project USAID the at wall the sign to opportunity the had I Today, in: Tune soon. air will ISIL against action US debate to Congress for need the on Morocco from @npratc w/ Interview … w/@timkaine chair honorary be to Proud 10/4! on starts @VaScienceFest ‘til days 30 T-minus @MarkWarner: RT Cook Donald USS &amp; @NAVSTA_Rota to visit during Roads Hampton &amp; Warrenton Bristow, Blacksburg, from servicemembers Met morning! this me w/ breakfast having for @NAVSTA_Rota in stationed servicemembers Virginia to Thanks @washingtonexec via schools our in CTE and STEM for enthusiasm early cultivate to need we proficiency, STEM grow To friend. dear &amp; Virginian great a after Named Warner. John USS Submarine Class VA of christening today’s for News Newport in be could I Wish … powers: war president's on debate congressional for push to right is @timkaine editorial: Times Roanoke @RTeditorial: RT VA in epidemic heroin the address to force task a establish to call our answered &amp; 200K to healthcare expand to act will @GovernorVA Pleased ISIL against action military US of authorization on vote a for need the discussing be will - 8:00AM at tomorrow @Morning_Joe to in Tune businesses local helps it how &amp; bank Ex-Im the reauthorizing of importance the on op-ed @GoDanRiver my Read projects transit support to for grant $ &amp; @Portofvirginia the for grant TIGER $15M of announcement today’s by Pleased … possible: this making for partners all and @USDOT @timkaine @MarkWarner @GovernorVA to thanks Sincere @PortofVirginia: RT ISIL. against force military for authorization Congressional seek to President the on call to floor Senate the to Headed … . against Action Military &amp; Authorization Congressional on (D-VA) @timkaine Sen. VIDEO: @cspan: RT tmrw President the from hear to hope we what about @NewsHour tonight's for @GwenIfill to spoke I &amp; @jiminhofe Sen. here: Watch ISIL. against action on vote &amp; debate to servicemembers our to it owe we how about spoke I Yesterday, exploration career on focused programs to students school middle expose to Act the intro'd Just interests their matches that field career a into goes what about students school middle educate to tool great a is ISIL: on address Obama’s President on statement my Read NY &amp; PA VA, in on lives their lost who those of memory the honor we Today does RAM work important the for Brock Stan founder thank to Capitol the in night last screening @RAMmovie by Stopped in: Tune noon. at @CathyLewisTalks @WHRO's w/ threat ISIL &amp; address President's the discussing to fwd Look rights workers’ pregnant protect to brief a file to Congress of members 126 join to Proud Conference Service &amp; Volunteerism Virginia the at service of importance the &amp; anniversary 20th @americorps celebrate to way my On today pledge @americorps the in Conference Service &amp; Volunteerism Virginia the lead to honored was I violence from women protect to more do &amp; legacy its on build Let's safer. US across &amp; VA in communities made has 20yrs, For women against violence end to steps commonsense taking keep Let’s Senate. the to came I when reauthorization cosponsor to proud was I @henry_mike TK's. all had we if function would government Our servant. public rare a = @timkaine @toddbstone: RT education technical on Senators brief to executive yard , invites @TimKaine @DaveRess1: RT brief: in on goings federal other bill, STEP Middle @timkaine's - ICYMI @CTEWorks: RT tonight! @Jeopardy on Beach Virginia of Lozano Steve Officer Flight Naval to luck of Best nation. our to contributions economic &amp; cultural social, their for US the across Americans Hispanic honoring by celebrate to Proud nación. la a económicas y culturales sociales, contribuciones sus por Latinos de generaciones a honramos y celebramos Durante ISIL against fight the for authorization Congress’s get must Obama President why out laying op-ed @nytimes my Read ISIL against action military for authorization narrow specific, a draft should we that argue I op-ed @nytimes my In in: Tune AM. this SASC in strategy President's the &amp; ISIL on @Martin_Dempsey &amp; Hagel from hearing be We'll @timkaine y @senatormenendez con Hispana Herencia la de Mes el Celebrando @SenadorReid: RT ISIL against mission the on discussion our for 7PM at tonight @hardball_chris w/ @hardball to in Tune roots. Hispanic America's w/ reconnect to month a is This colleagues. Senate w/ celebrate to Great Watch: ISIL. against force military of use the on vote &amp; debate must Congress why out laid I hearing SASC today's At ISIL against mission the discuss to 6:20AM at @MorningEdition NPR's joining to forward Look ISIL against action military US of authorization the on vote a for need the discuss we'll - AM 6:40 at @Morning_Joe to in Tune issue this on vote &amp; debate must Congress ISIL. against action military for authorization limited a drafted I’ve yr 1 after sunsets &amp; AUMF 2002 repeals troops, ground US on limits key includes also but strategy, President's the reinforces proposal My ! Happy America. democratic and free a for course bold a charting Constitution, the signed delegates 39 1787, in Today here: in Tune ISIL. defeat to strategy the on @JohnKerry Sec. from hear will @US_SFRC 2:30PM at Today SWVA: through tour summer of end my on reflections staffer's my read to moment a Take crew. the thank to RT Portsmouth. to home stockpile-returned weapons chemical declared Syria's destroyed that ship Ray-the Cape MV the Today ISIL against action military US on vote to needs Congress why discussing be I'll - now @1140WRVA to in Tune in Tune ISIL. against action military &amp; powers war discuss to 7:15AM at @jfradioshow friend my w/ live be I'll today. Congress of Session Joint a before speak him have to honored - @Poroshenko President Ukranian from address Powerful like look should ISIL against AUMF an think I what discuss to 12PM at @kojoshow the on be I'll model @vcusoe successful partnerships–mirroring residency teacher create to bill intro to @robportman &amp; @SenatorBaldwin join to Proud @actecareertech by Endorsed Act. Educators Technical Quality Creating the bill, bipartisan our about more Learn bill! this support to thrilled are we this, on work your for you Thank @robportman @SenatorBaldwin @timkaine @vcusoe: RT tonight resolution continuing a of passage Senate on statement My http… days. 15 colors. Festival Science Virginia their off show @MarkWarner &amp; @timkaine Senators chairs Festival Honorary @VaScienceFest: RT @DickensonVA in station hydroelectric of development for @USDA the from loan $1M receive will Partnership Hydroelectric Jordan that Pleased morning this Lindgren R. Robert President college and faculty students, College @RandolphMacon with discussion a lead to Excited 1PM at here Watch ISIL. against fight the authorizing in role Congress's abt tomorrow @amprog at speaking to fwd Look yesterday! @repbobbyscott w/ in the at culture Indian celebrating time great a had I … @timkaine this class leadership pol. my during Kaine Sen. from students to advice Good goals+relationships." is "Success @rmcpsci: RT http:/… morning this Kaine Tim Senator VA meeting time great a had members, our of several including students, R-MC @RMCyoungdems: RT ISIL vs action military US authorize must Congress why on today speech @amprog my preview to @dailyrundown on @LukeRussert join I’ll 9AM At 1PM: at here Watch ISIL. against fight the authorizing in role Congress's abt speak to @amprog to Heading here: Watch ISIL. against fight the authorizing in role Congress's abt @amprog at spoke I Today ISIL against fight the authorizing in role Congress's discuss to 8:40AM at @1070WINA on be I'll of importance the about them to talk and students to read to @LakeAnneEs to way my On about… talking &amp; Elementary Anne Lake at graders first the to Iguana Mañana reading time great a had I … today. class Immersion Spanish Grade 3rd our to Spanish in read Kaine Tim Senator @LakeAnneEs: RT Arlington: In Center Research Tech Virginia visit @VTSandsman President and @timkaine Senator @vtncr: RT … him! host to happy were We class. Grade 1st Peirce's Miss to read and today Anne Lake visited Kaine Tim Senator @LakeAnneEs: RT ! celebrate to way Fun Spanish. &amp; English in students to read come to me inviting for @LakeAnneEs to again Thx globe. the across and Virginia in community Jewish the to year new the for wishes best my send to want I Tovah! Shanah work to return Virginians help to strategies develop to grants in $12M nearly announced @USDOL the Pleased ht… H-P week's this in more and @RandolphMacon at appearance an makes @timkaine now. stands on is @heraldprogress Latest @heraldprogress: RT Arlington in center research Tech a visited Kaine Tim Senator @CollegiateTimes: RT experience classroom w/hands-on teachers aspiring provides that program @teach4change2 abt learn to School Middle Boushall to way my On @UTRUnited… @teach4change2 action in prep clinical rich about learn to today Residency Teacher Richmond at Kaine Tim Senator @UTRUnited: RT … by presented opportunities the and challenges the both to attention called (D-Va.) Kaine Tim Sen. @FairfaxTimes: RT RPS on had has program impact powerful the abt heard &amp; School Middle Boushall at action in @teach4change2 Saw VA of Alliance Recovery Addiction &amp; Abuse Substance the at announcement an make to @BrianMoranVA &amp; @VaSecofHealth @GovernorVA join to Headed @VCU @timkaine education" public and whole a as Richmond on impact positive huge a has "VCU @vcusoe: RT workforce century 21st a preparing in role discuss to in Conference Leadership @actecareertech the at Anne join to Excited w… education technical &amp; career of importance the discuss to today Conference Regional @actecareertech the attend to Excited @VASecofEdu: RT VA in abuse drug prescription &amp; heroin combat to force task statewide announce to @GovernorVA join to Honored workforce century 21st a grow us help can how abt speak to me &amp; @VASecofEdu inviting for @actecareertech to Thx deserve families their &amp; servicemembers that protections financial expand to proposal @DeptofDefense by Pleased … Virginia on impact &amp; vision @timkaine's Sen. Hear strategy. on report live a 5:30, @ @alana_austin: @NBC29: RT http… Virginia on impact &amp; vision @timkaine's Sen. Hear strategy. the on report live a 5:30, @ up Coming @alana_austin: RT VA in communities hurting epidemic abuse-an drug prescription address to force task announce to @GovernorVA joined I ISIL against fight the authorizing in role Congress's discuss to morning this w/@bobschieffer @FaceTheNation on be I'll @timkaine Sen. Congress," without war a start to supposed not "We're @FaceTheNation: RT culture! &amp; history tribe's the celebrate to Pow-Wow &amp; Festival Fall Tribe Indian Chickahominy annual 63rd the in participate to Excited @librarycongress the for Poetry in Consultant Laureate Poet 20th the named being for Charlottesville of Wright Charles to Congrats nations Ebola-stricken in efforts relief humanitarian joined have who Airmen Langley-based of service for Grateful more: Learn programs. training job-driven support to funding from benefit will VA in colleges 5 news! Great trafficking &amp; use drug reduce to cities VA certain to resources additional provide will @ONDCP Grateful http://… alumni! with program the of impact the about talk to @timkaine us with meeting for you Thank @AllianceExchnge: RT …htt… to get you mean doesn't that But Yes. Congress? with frustrated been president every Has Kaine: Tim Sen. Democratic @TrevorBaratko: RT circumstances unusual with tribes Indian for process recognition federal the in flexibility more for calling @USIndianAffairs to wrote I @USIndianAffairs: to letter my Read recognition. federal deserve &amp; identity national our define help tribes Indian VA http://t.… of… recognition federal for anew arguing is Kaine Tim Sen. Tribes: Va. 6 of Recognition Pushes Kaine @cvillejournal: RT http:/… info: More winter. during families refugee Syrian help to 1-22 Nov from drive blanket a coordinating is .@NoVARegion @MarkWarner: RT Mabroor. Hajj days few next the over Hajj performing those all wish to want I Virginia of behalf on doing I'm work the about informed stay to updates email for up Sign jobs 10M added have businesses US yrs, past in that today-incl speech @BarackObama's from noting worth stats positive Many direction right the in move to continuing is economy our and America, in happening things good really are there - @BarackObama w/Pres. Agree letter: bipartisan our Read on. rely Virginians 260K+ that centers health community support to colleagues 65 joined I state! the across events w/ Saturday this off kick they as participants @VaScienceFest to luck Good here: click Sat this beginning state the throughout events @VaScienceFest great of list a For action: in program Education of School VCU a firsthand out checks Kaine Tim Sen. @VCUnews: RT facts &amp; info for here Click US. in threat Ebola potential to respond to prepared is .@CDCgov today! game NLDS first their in @Nationals the to luck Good … creating for And support. their for @timkaine &amp; @MarkWarner thank we @VaScienceFest launch to about we're As @VaScienceFest: RT fast. easy an world the around and Virginia in community Jewish the of members wish I begins, Kippur Yom As drought! playoff their ended have they Glad ago. years 29 1985, was playoffs the made @Royals the time last The @SenSherrodBrown .@grantierk warmth. and joy with filled be Hajj of days few last these may abroad, and home Muslims all To Mubarak! Eid Saturday! on Scottsville in Club River James new @bgclubcva's of opening grand the at time great a had I &amp; Anne @NYTimes today's in reform powers war on focus my of roots Virginia the traces .@JonathanWeisman marry. to VA across couples loving for path clearing celebrate to Virginians countless join I equal." created are men "all that ideal Jefferson’s toward step major a taken have we Today, Virginia: of behalf on doing I'm work the abt informed stay to updates email for up Sign ties econ US-India on leaders business &amp; officials defense Indian w/ meet to Excited @SenAngusKing. w/ CODEL for India Delhi, New in Arrived … @USAndIndia of courtesy Photo Delhi. in community Gandhi Sanjay the from children with me and .@timkaine @SenAngusKing: RT community Gandhi Sanjay Delhi's in sanitation hand improve to project @usaid_india to @SenAngusKing w/ visit Great http:… project. community Gandhi Sanjay @usaid_india at abt learn @SenAngusKing and @timkaine Senators US @USAndIndia: RT service. their for Grateful Quantico. at facility guard security embassy the at Virginia in trained who Marines Met in home historic ’s , Bhavan Mani visit @SenAngusKing and @timkaine Senators US @USAndMumbai: RT attacks 26/11 recounting Leopold Café at w/ @SenAngusKing and @TimKaine Senators US @USAndMumbai: RT education. &amp; rights youth through peace towards working for receiving on Satyarthi Kailash &amp; Yousafzai Malala to Congrats more Learn year. this $675M by deficit the reduced that surplus a generated bank Ex-Im The news: Great Chemistry! and Physics in Prizes Nobel year's this of winners the of work the funded @AFOSR Virginia-based that Proud view! the enjoy can Virginians so @NASA_Wallops from launch rocket suborbital Terrier-Lynx tomorrow's for home back up clears weather Hope century 21st the of jobs the for students prepare can ed technical &amp; career how on op-ed @NewsInTheBurg my Read leadership. new meet &amp; VA from troops see to Great Afghanistan. Kabul, to visit day two wrapped Just register: to how out find to here Click elections! upcoming the for VA in vote to register to day last the is Today Virginians w/ visits great &amp; w/leaders mtgs productive very Qatar; Pakistan, Afghanistan, India, to w/@SenAngusKing CODEL from returned Just Series! World in victory to On playoffs. last since years 29 long a been it's and them for rooting up grew I @Royals. KC the to out Shout manager. &amp; leader proven - choice excellent is Klain Ron needed. much very – response Ebola federal for coordinator named Admin Pleased … powers war America's on discussion a for @RTDNEWS at here us join will @timkaine Tuesday: This @MSchmidtRTD: RT preparedness response Ebola hospital on updates requesting officials health VA to letters sent I &amp; .@MarkWarner Qatar and Pakistan Afghanistan, India, to @SenAngusKing w/ trip recent my of photos view to here Click Trail. Creeper the on times of memories family Kaine Great today! Fame of Hall @railstotrails into inducted gets Trail Creeper VA the Proud war to go to when – decision impt most nation’s our make President the &amp; Congress how on Square Public a for today @RTDNEWS join to Excited audience! the from advice &amp; questions Great powers. war on @RTDNEWS the for us joined who all to Thx project! critical this complete to $3M get will SCTC Thrilled area. Ridge Caney the in expansion broadband fund to @USDA urged I summer This 877-275-8343. at 24/7 reached be can hotline on questions your answer to hotline a up set has @VDHgov The tonight. Church Falls in Banquet Symposium League Submarine Naval annual 32nd the at remarks keynote the delivering be to Honored on questions their answer &amp; ideas students' your hear to love I'd Fantastic! @hendron .@GotGovt India! to CODEL my on met I people wonderful the including world, the across &amp; VA in lights of festival the celebrating all to Diwali Happy voting! early of advantage take to Virginians eligible all urge I Senate. US for @MarkWarnerVA for voted proudly Just State! Granite the in today across vote the out get helping for @timkaine to Thanks @JeanneShaheen: RT deployment! 10mo during done they’ve all for sailors the to Thanks Norfolk. to returning @USN_BushCVN77 of pic Great … vote! the out get - @StefanyShaheen and - help to Portsmouth visited @timkaine afternoon This @JeanneShaheen: RT … debt student reducing to commitment @MarkWarnerVA about talk to hall lecture VCU fills Kaine Sen. @M_Figueroa06: RT reported. injuries no hear to Relieved launch. this on hard so worked who @OrbitalSciences &amp; @NASA_Wallops at everyone w/ are thoughts My Ron! husband Michelle's with Marietta in phones the Hitting @MichelleNunnGA. for to today GA in be to Great tonight! Richmond in costumes trick-or-treating great some seeing to forward Look Halloween! Happy @civilwartrust cc: this like projects preservation battlefield supports bill My expansion! Battlefield Creek Sailor’s about news Good visiting by tomorrow vote to how about more Learn VA! in voting early for day last the is Saturday @MarkWarnerVA! servant public &amp; friend great a for vote the out getting weekend the spend to Excited home. Welcome family. w/his the in back is Tahmooressi Andrew Sgt. that hear to glad Very country. the in oysters delicious most the enjoying by November this Month Oyster Virginia Celebrate Lovers! Oyster for is Virginia @MarkWarnerVA! friend my with vote the out getting of day a finish I as tonight Alexandria in excitement of lot A Virginia! vote, and out Get open! are polls The voto! al derecho su ejercer a ¡Salgan abiertos. están votación de centros Los here: location polling your up look can You ID! photo your forget Don't Virginia. in 7PM until open are polls The 50-48 race the flips Warner that reports CNN as cheers Crowd @MSchmidtRTD: RT @RTDNEWS: RT senator! senior my him call to Proud victory! well-deserved his on @MarkWarnerVA friend great my to Congratulations Congress in him like optimists can-do more need We delegation! Virginia the to @DonBeyerVA welcome to Excited (1/2) for. called long I’ve step a ISIL, combat to AUMF new a on away right Congress with engage will President the hear to heartened I’m deserve.(2/2) servicemembers our what &amp; demands Constitution our what is AUMF–it an on floor the on vote &amp; debate open an to forward look I rise level sea of issue complex the tackle to time it’s because program pilot ODU’s for support federal urging I’m it! see Go cast. superb with show Great night. last family my w/ @VaFilmFest at Gap" Stone "Big of premiere world Enjoyed @NishaBiswal! Asia Central and South for State of Secretary Assistant with tonight @AIFoundation the by honored be to Thrilled Senate. the in process confirmation swift a to forward Look servant. public committed AG, for Lynch Loretta nominated President the Pleased Fi! Semper Arlington. in @USMC the of birthday 239th the for ceremony wreath-laying the in participate to Honored example: an Here's VA. from veterans of stories capture Project History Veterans @librarycongress help to Honored Iraq in service his &amp; enlist to decision his about Corporal, @USMC former a Napolitano, John interviewed Just Project History Veterans the for w/me story his sharing for Alexandria, from Major @USArmy former Rausch, Bill to Thx values our promote &amp; rights our protect courageously who servicemembers by made sacrifices the on reflect to day a .@wwpinc us protect to much so sacrificed who veterans American of generation every of service the honor we On service. their for grateful deeply I'm 9/11. since military the in served have who all to war, of yrs 13 after tribute, pay also We America for fought who heroes the celebrate to Parade Day Veterans Tidewater the in marching from us stop didn't Rain Watch ISIL against action for authorization congressional for need the discuss to 10am at @TheWilsonCenter at be I'll expansion the on worked have who all to Thx Roanoke! to @Amtrak ride to wait can’t I Now Gov. as Lynchburg to rail passenger extend to Proud it worth is mission the that consensus a without lives their risk to people force you debate, the have don’t you When … Video: they? Should ISIL? with conflict our authorize AUMFs existing the Do @TheWilsonCenter: RT education! arts &amp; arts the of support my for @arenastage by Award Voice American the w/ presented be to Honored Americas! the in Service Public for Award @The_Dialogue's received have to Proud America. Central in opportunity economic &amp; rights human discuss to yesterday Melo Padre w/ meeting Great Centroamérica en económica oportunidad la y humanos derechos los discutir para Melo Padre con reunirme gusto un Fue service. your for you Thank Truxtun! USS the &amp; Bush George USS the of sailors the to home Welcome weekend! this @PositiveVibeRVA at cause great a for bartending guest and harmonica playing blast a Had workers Korean high-skilled for visas 15K to up creating by workforce talented our grow to bill co-sponsor to Proud jobs fill to individuals qualified find to struggling businesses VA help will program visa high-skill the in Reforms … Friday: on @PositiveVibeRVA Max's at Larsen Max and Garth @timkaine, with cause good a for time great A @VASecofEdu: RT now. right Israel of people &amp; families victims, to out goes heart My Jerusalem. in synagogue on attack of learn to Appalled Watch interest. national our in not is why discuss to floor the taking be I'll 4:15 at Today no. voting I'm why That's oil. conventional than dirtier 15-20% is which oil, sands tar transport would Week Education International recognize we this, For world. entire the to VA connect students international &amp; exchanges Educational backslide? huge a is that technology a embrace we would why today, than tomorrow cleaner be to done have we all After emissions carbon reduce to work nation’s our hurt would approving how on op-ed @washingtonpost my Read oppose I why reason one That’s Roads. Hampton to challenges staggering poses pollution- carbon by part in –caused rise level Sea here live speech my Watch . against case the make to floor Senate the to Heading interest environmental or security national economic, our in not is decision. right the made Senate The @usspaincouncil through partnership our of Proud today! ago years 38 democracy elective an establish to bill a approving for Spain to Cheers threats security other &amp; ISIL combat to AUMF new for need on Summit @DefenseOne at @repadamschiff w/ conversation great to fwd Looking at needs their meets that plan a find can covered not are who Virginians season! enrollment open in We're pipeline! the against voting and health and water clean air, clean our for up standing for you thank @timkaine, @NRDC: RT today! luncheon @VAChamber the at delegation congressional VA bipartisan the from friends &amp; community business VA the join to happy was I Hampton to jobs 350 bring could that center support @usairforce for finalist a is Langley-Eustis Base Joint Pleased leader. excellent an be He'll @edworkforcedems! of member ranking elected was @repbobbyscott friend my that Happy Banquet Annual @Middleeastinst's at address keynote the deliver to honor a was It @Surgeon_General for nomination his support to proud and today Murthy Vivek Dr. meet to Great choice excellent an be would Murthy Vivek Dr. threats. health public day modern address to skills the with @Surgeon_General a need Americans US the in living millions benefit will which immigration on support I why on statement my Read deportation of fear without society to contribute &amp; work to individuals allowing by together families many keep will familias las a unidas mantener para Presidente el tomara que la Apoyo done has Eisenhower since president every authority-as legal existing w/in immigration addressing President the support I system benefits disease lung black reform to @MarkWarner w/ bill introduce to proud VA, in miners from hearing After issues security on discussion our for w/ along Follow @SenJohnMcCain. w/ along @HFXforum to delegation congressional lead to Proud history nation’s our in time challenging extremely an through leadership Hagel’s Chuck for Thankful negotiations: nuclear Iran the on statement my Read Missouri in verdict jury grand the on statement my Read to ways about learn to 1-800-318-2596 call or , , out check to minutes few a Take Virginia of benefit the for aisle the across working for &amp; service of years 34 his for years, many for Senator my Watkins, John to Thankful here: Watch Project. History Veterans the for Corporal, @USMC former a Napolitano, John interview to Honored travels Happy everyone! roads, the on safe stay Please day. all Commonwealth the throughout snow and Rain practices financial abusive from protect that policies support to @MarkWarner w/ work my continue to Proud today? for thankful you are What safe. us keep to sacrifice who servicemembers our for thankful I'm ! a everyone Wishing today! businesses small Virginia's support to forget Don't afternoon! this students @gwNURSING w/ speak to Ashburn in Campus Technology and Science Virginia 's to visit my for Excited servant. public and educator dedicated this of family the with are prayers &amp; thoughts My Bosher. Bill of passing the about hear to Saddened professionals healthcare in-demand for training high-quality @gwNURSING's about learn to Ashburn to visit Great info: More Norfolk. in Center Community Place Park the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, cleaner become to steps taken have that VA like states for Plan Power Clean @EPA’s improve to suggestions submitted I @RobWittman &amp; @MarkWarner by intro’d bill bipartisan this on work to Proud Act. Accountability the of passage Senate by Pleased in crisis of reminder a is resources of lack a to due efforts assistance suspending is it that announcement Program’s Food World UN in crisis address to more do must community international &amp; US but aid humanitarian of provider top are we Proud VA in civilians &amp; servicemembers support that provisions many the &amp; bill defense compromise the on statement my Read ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate a out w/ adjourn not should Congress why on soon floor the on speak Will VA from artists feat. capitol the in hosting I'm exhibit art the discuss to @BRMacJR president @VetArtistProg w/ Met artists! VA featuring for &amp; creativity veterans' highlighting work hard your for you Thank @VetArtistProg @BRMacJR floors Senate &amp; House to head will &amp; NDAA in included was bill protection battlefield bipartisan my Pleased ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate a w/o adjourn not should Congress why on take my for 6:45 at @wusa9 to in Tune ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate to need we why for case the make to 7:10 at @WTOP w/ in-studio be I'll ISIL against mission the on silence unacceptable Congress' about talk to Allison &amp; Steve joining be I'll - 5mins in @fox5newsdc to in Tune adjourns Congress before ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate to need discuss to shortly @jfradioshow on be I'll ISIL against mission the on vote &amp; debate a w/o adjourn not should Congress why on w/@mitchellreports discussion my for now @msnbc into Tune ISIL against mission military US the on debate public meaningful, a in engage to opportunity the have finally will We step big is vote &amp; hearing Cmte public. American &amp; troops our to it owe we b/c June since action military on vote &amp; debate for called I’ve Response and Prevention Assault Sexual on President the to Report @DeptofDefense today’s to response my Read Commonwealth the to presents rise level sea that challenges the on forum @WMLawSchool at tomorrow discussion thoughtful a to forward Look control disease &amp; pest eco-friendly research to award $18M received @virginia_tech pleased @USAID, to support of letter writing After Wednesday! on Bake-Off Pillsbury 47th the won who County, Henrico of Royals Beth to Congrats election! historic Wilder’s Doug Gov. since years 25 celebrate we as tonight Richmond in friends many so see to Happy him confirm swiftly to colleagues my urge &amp; job the for person right the is Carter Ash believe I @… event in Change Coastal &amp; Flooding W&amp;M at keynote gives @timkaine Senator Today: @WMLawSchool: RT VA on impact its &amp; rise level sea about talk come to me inviting for @VIMS_News &amp; @VACoastalPolicy Thx W&amp;M! at back be to great It’s http://… @timkaine to research @AidData their presented Marty Rob &amp; DeShazor Justin Sevier, Lu students @williamandmary @InternationalWM: RT Rams? or Cavaliers for, rooting you are Who ! in 2PM at today game @VCURamNation vs @UVAMensHoops the for Excited ago years 73 day fateful that lives their sacrificed who Americans the forget never we May infamy. in live will which date A recognition: federal deserve tribes Indian Virginia's why on op-ed my Read history country's the &amp; commonwealth the in role integral an played have tribes Indian know we Virginians, As ISIL against mission debates finally Cmte Relations Foreign the as week this expect to what on take my for 7:15AM at @NewDay CNN to in Tune ISIL against mission the authorize to vote Cmte &amp; hearing upcoming on @NewDay on @ChrisCuomo w/ discussion my Watch ISIL against mission the authorize to vote Cmte &amp; hearing upcoming the on discussion our for tomorrow 6:40AM at @Morning_Joe to in Tune in! Tune ISIL. against mission the authorize to vote Cmte upcoming &amp; hearing today's discuss to min 5 in @msnbc on @Morning_Joe on be I'll in: Tune 12:05. at @CathyLewisTalks @WHRO's w/ VA on impact change climate &amp; rise level sea discussing to fwd Look ISIL defeat to force military of use for authorization the on @JohnKerry Sec. from hear will @US_SFRC 2:00PM at Today Governor as project infrastructure important an such started have to proud - Alexandria in cutting ribbon Lanes Express 95 to Heading @usedgov to October in support of letter a wrote I - Grant Development Preschool $17M a receive will VA that Thrilled backgrounds all of children between gap achievement the close helps education childhood early in Investing ISIL against mission military for authorization on vote &amp; debate for push my discuss to 2:40PM at @SIRIUSXM on @OKnox joining to fwd Look (1/2) AUMF State Islamic on @timkaine report, torture the on @Isikoff 124: Channel "POTUS" XM Sirius on today pm 2 at me Join @OKnox: RT leadership global US of celebration great - @RajShah &amp; @KellyAyotte colleague my w/ tonight dinner tribute @USGLC of part be to Honored ISIL against action military on vote &amp; debate to servicemembers our to it owes Congress why on op-ed @LTMnews my Read ISIL against force military of use on vote &amp; debate must Congress why on take my for 7:35AM at @1140WRVA to in Tune ISIL against mission military for authorization Congressional for need discuss to min 5 in @1070WINA on be I'll ISIL against force military on vote &amp; debate must Congress why discuss to min 5 in w/@RumbleFM99 @FM99WNOR on be I'll live Watch here. progress real made we've happy - ISIL an of markup @US_SFRC Starting failure launch following repairs w/ help will that @NASA_Wallops for $20M secure to @MarkWarner w/ work my of Proud vote now must Congress full but step, big is passage @US_SFRC ISIL. against action military of months 4+ after jobs our did finally we Today passage final on vote a to advance now will and hurdle Senate key cleared Act Authorization Defense National Pleased opening Lanes Express 95 Sunday's of ahead column his to forward Looking yesterday. @drgridlock with consult a Had here ways-specifics many so in community defense the &amp; VA benefit will that bill defense a for vote my cast to Proud yrs. 2 past leadership his under serve to honor True Cmte. Services Armed @SenCarlLevin-led of out come to bill defense last - Bittersweet sacrifice their by Humbled Gov. as @VaNationalGuard of commander-in-chief as serve to Honored @NationalGuard! birthday 378th Happy coding. of basics the &amp; challenge the about learn to Visit Challenge! @VASecofEdu's accept I title! national 7th your on @uvamensoccer Congratulations country our &amp; VA to service public of years more many to Heres @markwarner. Senator, senior favorite and friend my to birthday happy very A changes needed make colleges help to policies assault sexual in gaps consistent disclose to @usedgov asked I've principle. guiding his be will health public American improving know I @Surgeon_General. for nomination Murthy's Vivek Dr. support to Proud office. our to cheer Christmas brought has Co Grayson in Farm Tree Rodgers Mt tree! the up put &amp; holly the out Haul '15 early process finish to need ; ISIL on made progress overdue, yet significant, discuss to floor to Heading research. cancer pediatric for funds securing on you w/ worked have to proud So @MarkWarner .@smashingwalnuts nights. eight next the over celebrating be will who all to wishes Warmest Hanukkah! Happy system immigration broken fix to work we as laws our enforce to person Dir-right @wwwicegov as today Saldaña Sarah confirmed Senate Proud leyes. nuestras cumplir hacer para calificada más la Es @wwwicegov. de Directora a Saldaña Sarah de confirmación la apoyar de Orgulloso tutorials! fun some for visit to moment a Take completed! Challenge .@VASecofEdu award for support of letter wrote healthcare-I of quality improve to @CMSGov from $ receive will VA Glad repairs. on update an get &amp; pad launch the tour to - @NASA_Wallops - asset Virginia key a visit to Heading economy local the on failure launch Antares the of impact discuss to leaders local &amp; @chincochamber w/ roundtable business to way my On statement: my Read ones. loved &amp; family his to home return will Gross Alan that news by overjoyed I'm values democratic advancing at effective more is isolation than rather engagement but overnight change not will Cuba w/ relationship Our familia con reúne se mientras mejor lo deseo le y Gross Alan de liberación la de anuncio el sobre contento muy Estoy aislamiento el que eficaz más es abierto diálogo el pero otro al día un de cambiar a va no con relación Nuestra repairs. on progress discuss to stakeholders w/ met and today pad launch @NASA_Wallops the toured I explosion after limited was @NASA_Wallops to damage responders, first from response swift &amp; planning good to Thanks @TheJackspotVA scenic the at leaders business small Chincoteague with discussion Great morning this Melfa in growth economic &amp; development workforce talk to leaders local &amp; @LGRalphNortham Joined rise level sea from challenges of evidence @USACEHQ-clear &amp; officials w/city Norfolk in projects home-raising Visited credentialing improve to work @USArmy's about hear to Proud priorities. top my of 1 is unemployment veterans Reducing with… servicemembers our provide that simulators state-of-the-art Eustis's Fort of tour Great Monday RVA in tour Capitol a take staff my have to fun portrait; his in jacket a wear not to Gov VA 1st being to need in residents to food distribute to Pantry Food Heights Colonial w/ initiative volunteer Day Citizen great Hosted rise. level sea address to work we as partner a as you have to Happy .@RepScottRigell more: Learn today. President the by law into signed was bill protection battlefield bipartisan My news! Great in communities fast-growing of character rural the preserve helps &amp; growth economic local drive helps preservation Battlefield season holiday joyous a them wish &amp; do they all for them thank to our to greeting holiday my Watch ones. loved and families their with prayers and Thoughts heartbreaking. absolutely night last officers 2 of killing Senseless Carytown. in Santa with Goode B. Johnny play to afternoon this shopping Christmas from break a Took thanks! .@MatSheltonEide Squadron Operations Cyber @AFSpace’s for @JBLEnews of consideration urge to delegation VA Joined address to working been I've VA in epidemic an abuse, opioid prevent to strategy on @SecBurwell to letter Sent night! blessed a Have ones. loved your with Eve Christmas peaceful a enjoying all you’re hope I yours! to family my from Christmas Merry a for wishes Warm Commonwealth. the serving year rewarding another to forward look I Year! New prosperous &amp; healthy happy, a all you Wishing Senate: US the in Virginia serving years two first my summarizing constituents to note my read to moments few a Take Virginia: of behalf on doing I'm work the about informed stay to updates email for up Sign everyone. roads, the on safe stay Please morning. this Virginia Northern across snow of lot A VA of District Western the for Attorney of position the for applications accepting now are I &amp; .@MarkWarner Congress! 114th the in Virginia for together do will we work bipartisan the about optimistic I'm .@MarkWarner @timkaine Commonwealth: the throughout travels and work my with up keep to Instagram on me Follow Paris. in today attack terrorist vicious after ally, oldest our France, of people to out goes Heart more Learn jobs. create help &amp; exports energy American streamline to bill bipartisan intro to @SenJohnBarrasso Joined billions save &amp; seniors for costs cut Would Medicare. in negotiation price drug prescription allow to bill a Intro’d well VA serve will education for passion &amp; leadership community in experience Her victory! her on @kmurphyva to Congrats today. do we than tomorrow energy cleaner generate to responsibility a have we because oppose I - No .@politigamer law. the under benefits &amp; protections same the deserve couples All . to the co-sponsor to Proud congreso! del sesión nueva la sobre entrevista mi para WVXX @Selecta1050 radio ahora Sintoniza in! Tune Congress. 114th the for priorities discuss to @CommunityClo w/ @KissRichmond on be I'll minutes few a In approved: is if communities on have could sands tar effects harmful the on piece this read to moment a Take @KellyAyotte Chairwoman alongside Subcmte Readiness the of Member Ranking as community defense &amp; servicemembers our support to honored I’m attack an of event unfortunate the in shocks additional suffer won’t economy our ensuring bipartisan the passes Senate @MarkWarner: RT visiting! for Thx today. with met I students @williamandmary from questions policy foreign thoughtful by Impressed servicemembers our dishonors &amp; precedent dangerous sets delay Further authorization. Congressional w/out mos 5 for ISIL w/ war at been We’ve in! Tune Congress. 114th the in ahead what's discuss to 12:45PM at Hour Politics @kojoshow's the on be I'll 1999. since growth job of year best the was 2014 growth. job sector private see to continue We news! Good students responsible to free college community of years two make &amp; programs fund to proposals his for President the applaud I Congress! 114th the in expect to what on Patrick and Tom with discussion my for @kojoshow the to now in Tune VA? in park favorite your What's 2014. in visitors with record attendance new a setting by trend six-year a continued .@VAStateParks region the to jobs bringing Bristol, of City the in operation VA first its establish to $ invest will Glass Nulife that news by Pleased Program! Youth Senate US the for selected being on Williamsburg of Visser Caleb &amp; Charlottesville of Cohn David to Congrats care health to access have America in disabilities with people &amp; seniors million 54 to Thanks hiking! great - Park State Meadows Sky @VAStateParks @timkaine @addietime: RT Cemete… Nat'l Smallest War. Civil the of battle unknown significant Most park. Regional Bluff Balls @VAStateParks @timkaine @Paradox13VA: RT myself Park, State River York the to partial I'm @VAStateParks @timkaine @A_Galooz: RT Lanka Sri prosperous &amp; democratic more a toward step historic a elections- successful on people Lankan Sri the to congratulations Heartfelt tonight! victories @UVAMensHoops &amp; @ODUMBB with basketball Virginia of day good a continue Let's @VCU! win Great today Paris in fear against marching citizens world million the with stand I Virginia, From Government French the by Honor of Legion of Knight a as decorated being for Jarvis Cary veteran Army WWII Guard National VA to Congrats now! in Tune why. explain to soon floor Senate the to Heading pipeline. the against vote to plan I forwards not backwards us takes that agree you if RT today are we than tomorrow cleaner be to have We no voting I’m why That’s oil. sands tar dirty of production expand to signal market a is Approving in: Tune Congress! 114th the in expect to what discuss to minutes 5 in @RumbleFM99 on be I'll safety. passenger ensure to done being what’s on Qs of Lot emergency. Metro tragic yesterday’s into investigation on briefing full for Asked US the across &amp; Virginia in community Korean the from contributions cultural &amp; social economic, the for grateful we’re On 12:05 at @CathyLewisTalks @WHRO's w/ Congress 114th the from expect to what &amp; discussing to fwd Look Capitol. the in book condolence Embassy French the Signing years. 230 than more for partners allies, Friends, McDonald Robert Sec. @DeptVetAffairs w/ Virginia across &amp; Roads Hampton in vets to service improve to ways Discussed University State Norfolk including HBCUs, 13 at education cybersecurity for grants in $25M includes announcement President’s the Pleased Virginia on legacy lasting a leave will who underserved the &amp; poor the of champion a Brand, Cabell of passing the of hear to Saddened … evacuation Station Plaza L'Enfant during behind left were belongings whose passengers for Guidance @wmata: RT for guest my be will Schools, Public County Botetourt for coordinator Barnett, Lisa that announce to Excited Union. the of State to educator County Botetourt invites Kaine Tim Senator @wsls: RT budgets two-year of enactment requiring by process budgeting Congress’ reform to bill introduce to @MarkWarner Joined school Ranger in participate to women allow will @USArmy the time, first the For overdue. long &amp; news Great parents working support to initiatives announce will President the glad I'm leave, sick paid w/out workers VA million+ 1 With Virginia in have we talent immense the highlights training cybersecurity for $25M announce to State Norfolk to visit Biden's Joe .@VP challenges cyber nation’s our handle to prepared workforce skilled a developing in role important an play will State Norfolk Pleased Commonwealth the to service public &amp; friendship of decades for Puller Toddy thanking in Virginians many join I energy clean in made we’ve gains the reverse to threatens why on post blog @bluevirginia my Read … @timkaine: of guest a as Union the of State the attend will who Barnett, Lisa educator @BCPS_tweets to Congrats @VASecofEdu: RT creation job &amp; investment jumpstart to the intro to colleagues of group bipartisan join to Proud here opportunities career pursue to able be should universities American at educated are who students foreign &amp; Entrepreneurs @CMSGov at work her for Grateful care. hospital of quality in improvement &amp; insurance health of expansion historic oversaw Tavenner Marilyn of honor in greeting video my RT and Watch justice &amp; change social non-violent of legacy his honor &amp; Jr. King Luther Martin Dr. of life the celebrate we Today … guest @timkaine as address attending educator Co. @jennasjems: RT East Middle the to visit delegation congressional bipartisan my on article @PilotNews this read to moment a Take tonight? speech his in address to President the want you do issues What Act Workforce Tmrw’s Educating intro’d I why That's jobs. century 21st for students train programs High-quality through workforce talented a growing to commitment our continue we as tonight’s at @senrobportman w/ sitting to forward Look @robportman and @timkaine Thanks back. is Act Workforce Tomorrow’s Educating The @MichelleSLerner: RT @BCPS_tweets for of Coordinator Barnett, Lisa , the for guest special my welcome to Happy Staunton! in Rowe’s Mrs. from cookies brought she guest, my be to County Botetourt from drive Lisa did only Not Address Union the of State President's the on statement my Read same the do to urge I &amp; decades two nearly for to worked I attorney, an As flexibility &amp; readiness military nation's our to critical is fleet carrier aircraft 11 an Maintaining … carriers. aircraft 11 maintain to @USNavy the on calling in together stands delegation Virginia Entire @MarkWarner: RT @lourdesmeluza! con Estadounidenses y Virginianos los para importantes temas discutir placer un ¡Fue tragedy preventable this caused what on info more gather to incident Metro week’s last on officials @NTSB &amp; @wmata w/ meeting a to Heading A… contra militar fuerza autorice que Congreso al pidiera @BarackObama que importante era que dice D-Va @timkaine . @lourdesmeluza: RT incident Metro fatal week's last of cause the about remain questions many @wmata, and @NTSB from briefing night’s last Following fwd moves investigation the as answers for pressing keep I’ll arcing? electric the caused What arrive? to help for long so take it did Why Virginia for results get to aisle the across reaching are I &amp; @MarkWarner how on piece @LTMnews this Read reporting fair thoughtful, his of years more many to Here’s week! this @WTOP at years 50 celebrating on @McConnellWTOP to Congrats care. health women’s of part essential an - services family-planning to access protecting continue must we Wade, v. Roe after years 42 8:09AM at tomorrow priorities &amp; issues readiness military discuss to @RobWittman w/ live @jfradioshow the on be I'll tonight! Meeting Annual &amp; Reception Community Chairman’s 2015 @alexvachamber the at speaker keynote the be to Honored Salman King under grow to continue will partnership our hope -I weekend past this Arabia Saudi Visited Abdullah. King of passing by Saddened Virginia for priorities &amp; readiness military discussing be will I &amp; @RobWittman @jfradioshow! the to now in Tune delegation. a as well work really We morning. this @RobWittman with on @timkaine hear to Good @RepScottRigell: RT amendments on debate allow to refused McConnell Sen. disappointed I’m process, amendment open an promising After spending: political to transparency bringing by laws campaign to changes overdue make would Act DISCLOSE The info: More @MassRegLibrary. the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Wednesday, On here: Vote Town! Small Coolest America’s for running the in Chincoteague seeing love I morning! this careful Be night. last after icy still are Virginia Northern in Roads businesses Virginia for does @EximBankUS work important the for support continued my express to @fredhochberg w/ Met go." we together "Forward - saath saath Chalein ties: India &amp; US Strengthening @MarkWarner RT partnership critical A info: More Bridgewater. in Library River North the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, new for pushing keep will I ISIL. vs action military US on vote a need LTE-we @newsadvance Bower's w/Pat Agree intolerance &amp; evil fighting to recommit &amp; survivors the honor lost, lives of millions the remember we On coast VA’s off resources energy of development responsible safe, the in result should that step significant a is strategy draft .@Interior’s do states Gulf like just shores, our off developed resources energy from revenue of share a get to VA for pushing keep will I &amp; .@MarkWarner word! the spread to RT then Virginia across held are which hours office Connects Kaine about video my Watch bill funding Security Homeland of Dept clean pass to @McConnellPress on call to today colleagues Dem Senate Joined issues security national discuss to Kelly General &amp; Dunford, General Loeben, General w/ meetings of day busy a was It action for on pressure keep to Impt passed. SFRC what to similar House in of intro for @RepAdamSchiff Applaud here: Watch cuts. sequestration reverse to Congress on called I hearing, Committee Services Armed Senate today's At Def. Sec. next our be to week next hearing confirmation his of advance in Carter Ash Dr. with meeting Enjoyed Commonwealth! the in mentoring youth improving on work their about hear to @VAMentoring with meeting Great ISIL vs fight the authorize to need the on interview my for 6:50AM at tomorrow @wamu885 into Tune in! Tune now. again air will ISIL vs fight the authorize to need on interview @wamu885 My gap. wage the close &amp; success this on build to ahead work more have We law. into signed was Act Pay Fair Ledbetter Lilly the today ago yrs 6 gap. the closing to commit must We economy. our for bad &amp; families for bad is gap The $10,908. unacceptable: is VA in gap wage yearly The children for programs learning early high-quality to access expand to bill a Act, PRE-K the introduce to Proud Senate the in work this continue to Proud VA. in 40% by enrollment Pre-K increasing by education childhood early championed I Governor, As ISIL vs new on take their get &amp; hrg at Albright @madeleine &amp; Shultz George Kissinger, Henry Sec/State fmr 3 have to Honored today released report Commission Modernization Retirement &amp; Compensation Military the on statement my Read benefits &amp; pay on preferences their on servicemembers survey to recommendation my followed pleased I’m @Selecta1050 con entrevista mi para WVXX radio ahora Sintoniza in! Tune more. &amp; bill Pre-K my on discussion a for 8:40AM at @JoanJWTOP &amp; @mikemosswtop joining to forward Look ! tonight @Duke_MBB hosting @UVAMensHoops 2 No. the &amp; @UVaHooCrew to forward Looking Center Siegel the at on them cheering afternoon fun a had still but today, win the get didn't @vcuramnation Disappointed for? rooting you are Who tonight! @Seahawks the &amp; @DangeRussWilson own Richmond's on cheering be I'll Commonwealth the shaped have African-Americans much how remember to take let's Ashe, Arthur to Armistead James From kids! great some w/ interact &amp; program pre-k successful its about learn to elementary Clark &amp; Lewis to visit Great in. Tune bill. funding DHS clean a for case the make to floor Senate the to Heading Commonwealth the in students of needs the serve best to how discuss to today @VASchoolBoards w/ met I &amp; .@MarkWarner http… funding. edu &amp; reauthorization ESEA talk to @TimKaine &amp; @MarkWarner Senators w/ meet boards school VA from Members @VASchoolBoards: RT education through violence domestic &amp; assault sexual prevent help to Act Relationships introduce to Proud assault sexual preventing for tool key a be can education how on thoughts their shared who members @OneLessUVA to Grateful behavior relationship safe promoting in role a play should schools agree We Act! Relationships cosponsoring for @clairecmc to Thx hearing today's at panel benefits &amp; compensation military on represented women of lack over concern Expressed católica fe la de mártir como murió Romero Oscar salvadoreño arzobispo el que reconocer al @Pontifex_es del anuncio por Emocionado DHS fund we that critical it's why + mission US authorize to congress for push my threat, ISIL discuss to @morning_joe join I'll 6:40 At Act Relationships the on @Fox5DCAllison &amp; @stevechenevey with interview my for 7:30am at @fox5newsdc to in Tune violence domestic and assault sexual combat help to bill new my discuss we as 7:50am at in Tune @WTOP! with studio in Back @nbcwashington on 11:00am at interview our Watch @nbcaaron! Richmonder fellow with up catch to great always It's @DeptofDefense the lead to person right the is He Defense. of Secretary for nomination Carter's Ash Dr. on hearing to Heading night! last fair student my at projects great w/ students @WarhillHigh &amp; @WoodbridgeHS bright meet to Great safe. us keep to working country the across &amp; Virginia in employees impact negatively would it unacceptable- is funding @DHSgov Blocking reform. immigration on debate constructive a have can we then @DHSgov, fund to Boehner Speaker &amp; McConnell Leader urge I certifications: new 150 with 2014 in states of out 4 number as @USGBC by recognized was VA news! Good info: More Stanley. in Library Kibler the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a Tomorrow, prayer in united world the around from leaders of gathering unique - Breakfast Prayer National the to way my On world. the around Catholics many so of spirit the renewed has message His fall. this Congress address will @Pontifex Thrilled @UVAMensHoops game! the to forward Looking vs mission US on Congress in vote &amp; debate of importance &amp; new for need on @DanaBashCNN w/ intv my for 9AM at @CNNsotu into Tune C… the across STEM supporting and VA to commitment your for Thx . 3 winning for @Pharrell own Beach's VA to Congrats @GovernorVA: RT against mission military the authorize to need the on interview my for @hereandnow to hour this in Tune birthday! happy very a @JimWebbUSA, &amp; @TerryMcAuliffe servants, public Virginia great two Wishing VA in crisis abuse opioid address to w/him working to fwd Look Policy. Control Drug National of Director confirmed was @Botticelli44 Pleased ISIL vs mission military US the on thumbprint its put to Congress for important so it's why discuss to tonight @maddow w/ @msnbc on be I'll students from ideas on based - assault sexual prevent help to bill my discussing be We'll @1070WINA! to now in Tune us of all for investment good a it's why &amp; Pre-K expand to efforts my on editorial @NewsInTheBurg this Read Qs answer &amp; casework with help to 5-7:30PM from Bristol in @thebplibrary the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a evening, This ISIL vs war on vote &amp; debate to time it's wk; this WH from see to hope we about night last @maddow w/ Spoke deportation from children shield &amp; security border boost to actions POTUS w/ disagree they b/c funds @DHSgov blocking is GOP ! for grant Innovation in Investing federal $3M received schools public County Fluvanna &amp; City Charlottesville @k12albemarle, that Proud soon Congress to sent be to expected for hopes my discuss to 6:45 at @MorningEdition @NPR's on be Will vs fight the authorizing on WH the from see to hope I what on @ChrisCuomo w/ discussion my for minutes 5 in @cnn to in Tune ISIL vs mission the on vote to servicemembers our to it owe -we on interview my for @jfradioshow to now in Tune mission. this on vote &amp; debate must Congress Now ISIL. vs fight the in role US the defining in step important an taken has Obama President Force: Military of Use for Authorization proposed President’s the on statement full my Read recognition fed long-overdue for push renew to Proud history. our in role integral an played have tribes Indian VA’s … tribes. for @GerryConnolly @repbobbyscott @RobWittman @MarkWarner @timkaine with stand to Proud @RepDonBeyer: RT President the from proposal today's &amp; vs mission the on vote &amp; debate a for push my discuss to soon @NewsHour @PBS on be Will 9 at in today-tune announced proposal President's the &amp; ISIL vs AUMF new for push mo 7+ my about @MegynKelly w/ speaking to forward Look program Pre-K their of success the about learn to recently Glen Ruther in Elementary Clark &amp; Lewis visited I Investment: Smart a Is Pre-K to Access Expanding Why career-ready &amp; college are students ensure to bill bipartisan intro to @senrobportman &amp; @SenatorBaldwin join to Proud servicemembers our to commitment firm a &amp; experience Pentagon deep w/ leader proven a He’s . as Carter Ash confirmed Senate the Glad security &amp; immigration as well as issues economic &amp; trade on focused trip wk; next Colombia &amp; Honduras Mexico, to heading be to Excited wk next there return to excited Progreso; El in school technical at w/Jesuits working yr me-spent for significance special has stop Honduras against draft President’s the the on @RepAdamSchiff w/ conference press my Watch ICYMI: VA in kids 196k than more for coverage care health protects which Program, Insurance Health Children’s the for funding support to Proud housing affordable safe, to access have Virginians more ensure to @HUDgov from grant $30M announce to @MarkWarner join to Glad @HealthCareGov. at 15th Feb by enroll – coverage 2015 for chance last Your wait! Don’t febrero. de 15 del antes Inscríbete 2015: en cobertura para oportunidad última Tu esperes! ¡No info: More Day. Information &amp; Academy Service Roads Hampton the at be will staff my of members Tomorrow, 7pm! at starting Sunday this Hotspots Sun &amp; Sand 101 @travelchannel's on featured be will Island Chincoteague &amp; Island news-Assateague Cool Latinoamérica! a visita mi y @DHSgov del financiamiento el sobre @EspuelasVox con entrevista mi a ahora Sintoniza Investment Smart a Is Pre-K to Access Expanding Why @timkaine: Sen. @firstfiveyears: RT tomorrow. &amp; today roads the on safe be Please abroad. from reports weather Virginia the Reading earlier reform energy re City Mexico in AmCham with/ Met start. great to off w/@JohnCornyn America Latin to CODEL Kaine Sen and Wayne Amb w CISEN at Imaz Director w cooperation enforcement law and security Talking @JohnCornyn: RT affairs regional &amp; relationship security &amp; econ US-Mexico re discussion yesterday-good Meade Secretary w/Foreign Met here more Read issues. security &amp; econ was AM-focus this @JohnCornyn w/ Mexico to visit productive up Wrapped Sula Pedro San in project @USAID to Heading here. worked I since 35yrs been it's believe to Hard back! be to Honduras-excited in Arrived youth local for opportunities expand to done being work Chamelecón-impt in center outreach @USAID-supported Visited Honduras in them for opps provide to working youth at-risk for center outreach @USAID-supported FUNADEH-another At situation economic Honduran on insight w/AmCham-helpful affiliated leaders business w/Honduras-based dinner Had - Chamelecón in today earlier from pic more One faces familiar &amp; friends many so see to Progreso-wonderful El in lived I when to went I church at mass Wednesday Ash attend to chance Had ago yrs 35 here taught Progreso; El in morning this Loyola Technico Instituto at welcome the by humbled &amp; Touched Cano Soto in JTF-Bravo to Nealon Ambassador and @johncornyn with Helo bipartisanship. of model true and servant public dedicated a Warner, John Senator friend my to Birthday Happy @… yesterday campus to back visit my during students Loyola Tecnico Instituto current from welcome Warm 1980 in Loyola Tecnico Instituto at class carpentry teaching to @holaciudad via Honduras en visita de Kaine Tim Senador @WZDCTelemundo: RT Educativos. Centros nuestros de uno en Kaine, Tim Senador del visita la de nota La @feyalegriahn: RT … progress needs, about talks @TimKaine taught, once he where school missionary the at Back @DaveRess1: RT w/FARC talks peace to Envoy Special US named Aronson Bernie when day on Santos President w/Colombian meet to Honored … conocer… a Colombia a llegó quien Kaine, Tim Unidos Estados los de Senador al Congreso el en Recibimos @JoseDavidName: RT años 35 hace Jesuitas misioneros con trabaje donde Honduras, a visita mi sobre @eltiempolatino en articulo este Lean VA in memorial the have to Proud Jima. Iwo of island Japanese over flag US raised servicemembers 6 today, ago yrs 70 Medal Honor of Legion awarded was he when yr last him meet to Honored Sales. Bob veteran D-Day of passing by Saddened in: Tune trains. oil on regulations of release for need &amp; discuss to 8:08AM at @brianandmari joining be I'll Qs answer &amp; casework with help to 5-7:30PM from Bristol in @thebplibrary the at constituents w/ meet will staff my of member a evening, This @DHSgov fund to Republicans urge to @MarkWarner &amp; me joining for Bowers Richard Chief Fire .@fairfaxcounty to Thanks http:/… @TimKaine &amp; Bowers Chief @ffxfirerescue w/ bill DHS clean for need discussed furlough, facing employees Va 17K+ With @MarkWarner: RT breach data following VA in subscribers 3million than more for services protection identity free provide will Anthem program Card Choice Veterans improve to @DeptVetAffairs urge to Senators bipartisan of group &amp; @MarkWarner Joined students UVA w/ meeting after intro’d I that Act Relationships discussed &amp; Sullivan President @UVA w/ Met AG as @TheJusticeDept the lead to to time It's support. bipartisan with leader effective and proven a is Lynch Loretta wk last Honduras in friends Jesuit w/dear reunion my of photo framed - gift bday terrific for staff my to thanks Many @HK_Schwartz @MAAlcala @MarkWarner cc: throwbacks great some Including wishes! birthday the of all for Thanks Mason: Gwen director regional Valley Roanoke my by SOTU?" A "What's titled post Connection Commonwealth Great Misericordia" de "Islas Honduras: a reciente visita mi sobre @el_pais en op-ed mi Lea bill this pass swiftly should House The security. national our protecting to critical – DHS fund to vote Senate bipartisan strong by Pleased hostage. funding DHS holding w/out debate that have let’s But it. for all I’m bills, reform immigration about talk to ready are R’s House If años 35 hace @JesuitasESP con pais mismo ese en servicio mi y Honduras a visita mi recuerdo @el_pais, en op-ed mi En @jorgeramosnews con Cuba y EEUU entre relaciones las y Latinoamérica a visita reciente mi discutir para 10am las a hoy @AlPunto en Estaré … Cuba. y EEUU entre relaciones nuevas las y Colombia Honduras, México, de habla nos @timkaine senador El @AlPunto: RT rights. human defending to career devoted has who someone attack to -irresponsible @ambassadorrice against out taken ad wacky by Disgusted ago yrs 35 missionaries Jesuit w/ worked I where Honduras, to visit recent my on op-ed @RTDNEWS my Read term this of end the at retirement her in best the her Wish country. the &amp; region capital the for leader exemplary an been has .@SenatorBarb - mercy" of "islands for need the on @timkaine from column guest A @RTDOpinions: RT más y Latinoamérica por gira mi , migratoria, reforma la sobre @jorgeramosnews con entrevista mi Vea Nemtsov Boris leader opposition Russian of murder after action strong for calling Sens. of group bipartisan Joined training job , HBCU's, issues: important discuss to VA from sisters @dstinc1913 w/ meeting Great . strengthen to Senate the in work my continue I'll today! @actecareertech from Award Year the of Policymaker receive to Proud investigation an urging @USGAO to wrote I &amp; @MarkWarner accidents. serious to linked been have highways VA on installed guardrails Faulty security national our protect &amp; @DHSgov fund fully to bill clean a passing in lead Senate’s the following for House the applaud I stake at interests important to contrary Act Review Agreement Nuclear Iran track fast to move leadership’s R Senate partisan &amp; rushed than rather deliberate &amp; thoughtful be must deal nuclear Iranian of review Congressional Month ! be to workforce our training in of importance the recognizing resolution our passed Senate the Proud on statement my Read heartless. particularly is court in the attack to effort latest The closing. college’s the of news by Saddened life. American of facets all in leaders future educated has @Sweetbriaredu 1901, Since missed. be will He studies. American Latin of scholar exceptional and leader community model servant, public dedicated a was Grayson George @vademocrats! the of chair as service his for @dwightjonesrva friend longtime &amp; mayor my to Thanks everyone. commute, morning your on safe stay Please morning. this Commonwealth the over all ice and Snow Virginia. from him with are prayers and Thoughts spirits. great in and recovering is Lippert Mark Ambassador hear to Glad bias. racial address to made be must changes Immediate Ferguson. in policing discriminatory on findings report @TheJusticeDept by Troubled in! Tune . discuss to @CommunityClo w/ FM Kiss on be I'll minutes few a just In migratoria reforma la y salud de reforma de ley la sobre entrevista mi para WVXX @Selecta1050 radio a ahora Sintoniza migratoria reforma la sobre @demetriofloress con discussion mi escuchar para ahora @lagrand1480 a Sintoniza ISIL vs an for push my &amp; discuss to @1140WRVA on Barrett Jimmy join I’ll practices policing Ferguson on report @TheJusticeDept &amp; talking be we'll - 10:05AM at @JackGravelyShow the to in Tune all for rights marriage equal ensure to urging brief a file to colleagues 200 than more with join to Proud need in families to food distributing be We'll Manassas. in Shelter Family SERVE @nvfs w/ project Day Citizen today’s for Excited colleagues Congressional &amp; @repjohnlewis w/ to pilgrimage powerful yrs last on reflecting I'm the since yrs 50 mark we As math &amp; engineering tech, science, in achievements students’ local see to Herndon in @NysmithSchool the at Symposium K-12 the to Headed Herndon in @NysmithSchool at at students bright with spoke &amp; projects great saw I &amp; Anne more do to pledge &amp; world the around women for equality gender achieve to working are who those all celebrate we On vs fight on vote &amp; debate to Congress for need critical the on @wolfblitzer w/ interview my for 5PM at @CNN to in Tune here w/Iran-watch negotiations nuclear on engage to Congress for way wrong vs right discuss to soon floor to Heading in! Tune ISIL v new on hearing today's &amp; negotiations nuclear Iran the discuss to minutes few a just in @Morning_Joe on be I'll here: Listen ISIL. v on hearing &amp; Iran on interview my for 7:40AM at @WTOP to in Tune in: Tune now. ISIL vs new the on hearing the in participating be I'll Florida. in accident helicopter tragic after missing are who servicemembers the of ones loved the w/ are prayers &amp; Thoughts should we think you if RT care. health affordable quality, for CHIP on rely VA, in 196k including US, the across kids 10M Virginia in economies local &amp; tourism supporting @PetersburgNPS, of expansion authorize to @MarkWarner w/ bill bipartisan introduce to Proud more: Learn ISIL. vs the on vote and debate a for call my renewed I hearing, today's At situations emergency in drugs overdose opioid administer who Samaritans’ ‘Good protect to bill intro to Proud week next to swiftly act must Sen credentials. her by impressed remain &amp; Lynch Loretta nominee w/AG Met level state the at epidemic this addressing leadership continued your for thx .@AGMarkHerring in Tune ISIL vs strong a for need the &amp; Iran on engage to Congress for way right the discuss to 12:30 at @mitchellreports join I'll campus every on assault sexual of survivors for advocate independent an provide to bill intro to @SenGillibrand @SenatorBoxer join to Proud in: Tune week. next General Attorney as to colleagues my urge to floor Senate the to Heading community Beach VA entire the &amp; her knew who all by missed greatly be will She Oberndorf. Meyera of passing the of hear to saddened Deeply engage to Congress for way wrong vs right and on interview my for 9AM at tomorrow @meetthepress Watch in! tune &amp; listings local your Check Iran. discuss to morning this @meetthepress join I'll Iran with deal nuclear a in play should Congress role the discuss to yesterday @meetthepress joined I ICYMI, Alexandria! to @rvadonuts bringing for –and service his for Grateful Virginians. Northern of behalf on work hard his for @RobKrupicka to Thx 🍀 Day! Patrick's St. Happy DOJ lead to ready prosecutor hard-working &amp; experienced intelligent, an is Lynch Loretta wait? the Why fix long-term a need we but letter our following action swift took DOL &amp; DHS pleased I’m today. reps seafood w/VA Met advancing! on Congrats win! @_HamptonU a with off starting Love them sustain can budget FY16 the how and programs shipbuilding @USNavy of role vital the about hear to hearing Seapower a to Headed all! it winning @UVAMensHoops &amp; Arizona upsetting @VCURamNation have I attack senseless this in killed people innocent of ones loved with prayers &amp; thoughts - today Tunis in tragedy Horrific Training! Spring of tradition the started Anson Cap that know didn't I 8. of 7 scored also &amp; it took Just @WEWS .@SenSherrodBrown Series? World single a in player a by ever performance Best tiebreaker? a about How .@SenSherrodBrown others. all over towers one but performances, superb many are There .@SenSherrodBrown Virginia for relief sequester significant achieve to ways on focused be will - session markup budget Senate first the to Heading injustice grave a correcting to closer step one – tribes Indian VA 6 to recognition grant to bill our approved @IndianCommittee the Grateful @virginia_tech cc: today! Hill the on Hokies some with chat to chance a got I Glad answers get to working are officials state &amp; enforcement law Pleased student. UVA against force of use of reports by Troubled this farmer a thank to sure Make workers? 300,000 over employing industry, largest Virginia's is agriculture that know you Did 400th Jamestown's to came Majesty Her when to week, this visit Camilla’s Duchess &amp; Charles Prince of honor In now must we why underscore events recent how on thoughts my Press, Free Richmond today’s In statement: My country. the for blueprint viable a not is budget Senate GOP the but time, on budget a did we Pleased over… is markup budget that now And season. great another on @VCU to Congrats overtime. in Rams the for loss Tough installed: signs these get help to able were we Happy now! Greensboro from north driving when Danville miss Can't live: Watch America. w/Latin ties strengthen can US how &amp; Honduras to return my on reflect to @ASCOA join I’ll 11 At game?? today’s for ready Hoos to not chose again Senate the week, This AG. an confirm to need stressed I week, Last Senate. the in co-sponsor to proud Was families. their &amp; disabilities with people for support shows Virginia in of Implementation Wahoowa! season! great a on @LibertyWBB to Congrats State! Michigan on take @UVAMensHoops watch to Excited season fantastic a on Hoos the and Bennett Tony to Congrats ! at students Saraf–VA Monica &amp; Sanghera Bhavjeet Prox, Lauren Melendez, Sabrina McCrystal, Ryan Atluri, Sreya Congrats we're and that prove coverage affordable have now who people million needed is this why show April last Lynchburg in one the like Derailments investments. safety crude-by-rail for called I &amp; @MarkWarner Today care to access easy veterans more give to rule mile 40 revise will @DeptVetAffairs grateful month, last letter our Following @civilwartrust cc: level federal at it support to Proud Williamsburg! in preservation battlefield War Civil on @GovernorVA from news Great change climate withstand installations military help to amdt bipartisan my on @RTDopinions from words kind Appreciate ! recognize to servicemembers with meeting Great disparity. wage gender-based to end an put to time It's . for vote to floor the to Headed visiting! for HS Heritage &amp; HS George King @IrvingMiddle, @Bruin_Nation to Thx today! students VA great many so Met economy energy clean our growing toward step –key waters federal in lease research energy wind a awarded be to state first the is VA Pleased security Afghan promote and terrorism counter to together work can countries two our how about speak Ghani President hear to Eager ones loved their with are prayers &amp; Thoughts France. in crashed that flight the on were Nokesville of Selke Emily &amp; Yvonne hear to Saddened supporting brief a signed have to proud I'm and jobs their keep to right workers' pregnant affirming for applaud I Let's today. researchers and caregivers patients, Alzheimer's dedicated some from hear to chance the had @SenateAging Grateful … help to do u all appreciate We . the at today staff your with meet to thankful So @timkaine @RamsForMemory: RT nation entire &amp; VA hurting cuts sequester replace to way the pave to amendment my passed – vote bipartisan a in – Senate the pleased I’m challenges fiscal long-term solve to fails &amp; seniors &amp; women economy, our impacts negatively so that budget a support couldn’t I However, first. nation of well-being &amp; NV of people putting always know, I souls kindest &amp; fighters toughest the of one is .@SenatorReid land historic preserve to bill Battlefield National Petersburg our passing for plug @ProgressIndex's the Appreciate proud @vademocrats the make She’ll chair! DPVA next the as serve will Swecker Susan hear to Happy @GerryConnolly! friend my to birthday Happy Radford. for advocate tireless &amp; leader transformative a been has She RU. at service of years Kyle’s Penny President @radfordu for Grateful Lane Hailey cadet @usairforce of recovery full the for Praying students his &amp; university the on impact lasting a left who Torgersen, Paul President @virginia_tech former of passing the by Saddened reform! education in way the leading is VA waiver. NCLB year 4 a receive to states first the of one being for Virginia to Congrats tonight! Stanford on take @ODUMBB watch to Excited today: announced agreement framework nuclear Iran the on statement My Sameach! Chag Passover. happy a family your and you wish to want I weekend, this celebrating those To Easter! Ave--Happy Monument on today parade Easter Richmond to forward looking &amp; night last church our at service Vigil Easter Attended in! tune – agreement framework nuclear Iran the discuss to @NewDay join I’ll 8:00AM At morning! this @rvadonuts with office Richmond my Surprising economy local the &amp; trade about @PennyPritzker Sec Commerce &amp; owners business RVA w/ discussion Informative today! leaders business local from hear to Richmond in me joining for @PennyPritzker to Thx Coast! East the on plant ethanol Largest me. hosting for Hopewell in Plant Ethanol Vireol the at team the to Thanks kits robot craft-a-bot through globe the around students with of gift the sharing is .@ashburnrobotics @AshburnRobotics &amp; @team5338 by presentations great with morning this Leesburg in action in seeing Loved @EximBankUS of help the with produced satellite commercial recent most @OrbitalATK's out Checking skills career culinary and language with lives enriches organization this how see to today @LaCocinaVA Visited Véalo! 6:15PM. las a @WZDCTelemundo en @SulemaWZDC con Estaré lingüísticas/culinarias habilidades desarrollar a personas a ayuda organización esta como ver para @LaCocinaVA Visite in! Tune deal. Iran the discuss to @Morning_Joe on be to About yesterday students culinary @LaCocinaVA with visit my &amp; Iran about talk to 7:30AM at @stevechenevey @fox5newsdc’s with live be Will wk this Virginia in to up I'm what &amp; Iran discuss to Joan &amp; Mike w/ on be will - 8:20AM at @WTOP to in Tune leaders community &amp; business from suggestions hear to helpful always - development economic discuss to Stafford In @stevechenevey with VA in Education Career/Tech &amp; Iran discussed I AM, this @fox5newsdc On Culpeper in meeting annual today's keynote to Glad needs. development workforce meeting to critical are @germannacc like colleges Community Orange! in @TheLightWellckt at burger delicious a for stop Quick access broadband &amp; development economic discuss to today Orange in Aromatica Lux like businesses local by Stopped War Civil the of end the since years 150 commemorate to here be to Honored . for Appomattox in parents W/my later. years 150 true rings still Appomattox of lesson This enemy. an remain always not need enemy An community African-American local the facing issues discuss to leaders community Lynchburg with meeting Great @GoSquirrels! tonight opener home the for Squirrels Flying Richmond the on Cheering team! home the for root root, Root, secure &amp; safe coastline our keep to do you all for &amp; tour the for Portsmouth Base @USCG to Thanks challenges affairs foreign on students UN model &amp; servicemembers duty active veterans, ROTC, @ODUnow with Q&amp;A Great neighbors our and country our between relationships the in growth continued to forward look I begins, @SummitAmericas As Commonwealth. the for asset incredible an is facility This Lab. Jefferson at detector particle the out Checking President for candidate as her endorse officially now to thrilled &amp; 1yr nearly for @HillaryClinton support to Proud equal" created are men "all that principle his advancing continue to ourselves challenge let’s birthday, 272nd Jefferson’s Thomas On for time it’s b/c discrimination wage gender-based address to Act Fairness Paycheck the co-sponsor to proud , On @NAACP Virginia the of director interim named being for @gravelyjack friend my to Congratulations now Relations Foreign in markup bill to headed - way constructive in deal Iran review can Congress ensure to done we've work of Proud deal Iran review to Congress for process constructive our approved unanimously Cmte Relations Foreign – news Great 7am! at in tune - Congress in deal Iran of process review constructive a there's ensure to efforts our about @cbsthismorning to Spoke deal Iran an over deliberation congressional productive ensure to progress the about talk to @wolfblitzer with @CNNSitRoom on live Going economy. Virginia the to is @Dulles_Airport asset an critical how about morning this Seminar the at discussion Great tragedy following embraced it that hope &amp; community of spirit the &amp; today ago years 8 lost VT lives 32 the remember We forever bigotry ending to commit and lost were that lives of millions the remember we Day, Remembrance Holocaust On safety gun about serious get to Congress challenge &amp; community a honor tragedy, a commemorate to floor Senate the to Headed 8:35AM! at @1140WRVA on Barrett Jimmy friend my with up catching to forward Look happens: that ensure to bill a Introduced marketplace. the enter they before scrutiny careful receive should Opioids month: last interview our Enjoyed people! influential most 100 @TIME’s of one - @jorgeramosnews to Congrats professionals healthcare of generation next the of College-home Deming Murphy @MaryBaldwinColl's of dedication the At @shakespearectr than venue better a pick Can’t today! Staunton in the at Valley the in development economic talking Enjoyed b/c Virginians LGBT for equality full toward working keep we'll Together Dinner! Commonwealth @EqualityVA tonight's for Excited here: Watch relief. sequester includes that outcome an for Hopeful meeting. Committee Conference Budget to Heading @WTOP! at years 50 incredible an for @McConnellWTOP to Congratulations deal nuclear Iran the of review congressional discussing be I'll - now @mitchellreports to in Tune finally Let's General. Attorney qualified a of attributes the all has Lynch Loretta fair. focused, Experienced, weeks! 2 just in robot a rebuilding for @team5338 to out shout Special week! this to headed @FTCTeams VA the of all to luck Good competition! robotics a for fuel Great burger. @SteaknShake a beat to Hard @FTCTeams @team5338 .@AshburnRobotics today! steps Capitol the on students @FCPSHayfieldSS with weather beautiful &amp; trivia some Enjoyed yesterday. oversight @StateDept on @timkaine with work to great was It @sendavidperdue: RT beauty amazing Virginia's of us reminds Gap, Cumberland the to Bay Chesapeake the From office! DC our in interns fantastic some with lunch Great centers Corps Job Dominion Old and Ridge Blue the from James and Candice with Celebrating February in Tegucigalpa in him with met having after Capitol our to Hernandez President Honduran welcome to Pleased January in operation counterterrorism a in killed hostages the on statement My in! Tune priorities. education my &amp; transportation Iran, discuss to @kojoshow the on 12:06PM at live be I’ll Americans. all for justice ensure to hard work will she confident I'm Lynch. Loretta confirmed finally has Senate the days, 166 After @Randy_Forbes @RepRobertHurt @MarkWarner w/ Pickett Ft at ctr training security embassy of construction toward progress announce to Proud happens… what see we’ll so harmonica, my bring to me asked They studio! @LetsTalkLiveDC the by stop to About interview @CapitalDownload our here's - Iran, chat to yesterday by coming for @SusanPage to Thanks impacted. everyone with are prayers &amp; Thoughts Nepal. in assist to headed team rescue &amp; search VA-based the of service the for Grateful PM: 1:30 at Airs more. &amp; abroad crisis refugee Lynch, Loretta talk to Friday @News8NewsTalk on Bruce w/ down Sat Honduras in violence fleeing kids on @trulldc w/ interview my for commute morning your during @wamu885 to in Tune Kaine. Tim Senator with Skyping @ShenCoVASchools: RT Virginia in ban down struck that Circult 4th of lead follow will strong-hopeful is momentum equality Marriage @ShenCoVASchools topics great of lot a Covered Skype! on morning this @StrasburgHS from seniors bright w/some Chatted @fcpsnews steps Senate the on School High Alternative Bryant from students with speak to day Beautiful retirement. in him to wishes Best '08. in him appoint to Proud admirably. Commonwealth the served has Millette LeRoy Justice : at squadron ops cyber a locate to @AFSpace urge to delegation VA the of members &amp; @MarkWarner Joined AFB Langley at squadron cyber a locate to Force Air the urging again delegation VA @MarkWarner: RT safety food &amp; agriculture discuss to today @chickencouncil the from representatives with Met Arlington: in Memorial War @USMC the to improvements and upgrades make to &gt;$5M receiving is .@GoParks employment. to barriers to attention bringing and Summit Credentialing 2015 the hosting for @AmericanLegion to Thanks more &amp; , priorities, defense discuss to @US_EUCOM of Breedlove GEN with Met proud! VA make you Ahkei, Congrats finalist. @NEAarts a is Beach, VA from Togun, Ahkei look a Take today! me for Jenkins Louis by "Football" poem the recite Ahkei Watch @RWJF @VCUSocHealth . in health improving in play to role a have all We @ACT Campaign Readiness Career &amp; College 2015 the in semifinalist a named was who Greene, Lamar own VA's to Congrats here: Listen : re: Joan &amp; Mike with speaking be Will @WTOP. to tune 9:10am, At @KissRichmond in events discussing &amp; @COMMUNITYCLO w/ up Catching now. FM KISS to Tune Richmond! morning Good more &amp; Talking @SASCMajority. @SASCDemocrats here: live it Stream @US_EUCOM. on Hearing a to Heading @WLEE990: on live Listen w/@JackGravelyShow. in events week's this on thoughts my sharing now: Happening one good a it’s Hope ! @repbobbyscott friend &amp; colleague my to birthday Happy Vean: más. y igualitario, matrimonio Irán, sobre hablar para ayer @CNNEE en @imolinarescnn con reuní Me meet ends make to struggle should full-time works who one No poverty in live to have shouldn't workers Hard today. bill intro to @repbobbyscott &amp; @PattyMurray Joined Virginians 786,000 approximately of wages raise directly would bill FACT: raise a US in women 21M give would bill men. to paid $1 every to 79¢ earn VA in women avg, on @nwlc: to According should we if RT off. pays work hard that ideal American the to value restore Let's @ATLRaiderNation steps! Senate the on Mechanicsville in HS Atlee from Raiders some met I &amp; @RepDaveBrat .@MarkWarner, happen! it making for @MarkWarner to Thanks Hill. the on today Virginia from students AVID great some with Met end to needs practice abusive This competition. equestrian in belong doesn't soring Horse . the of cosponsor a as @MarkWarner Joined accidents train oil from safe communities keep to bill a intro’d I &amp; @MarkWarner derailment, Lynchburg the after 1yr @VaNationalGuard service dedicated your for you Thank CSSB. 529th based Beach Virginia the of soldiers the to home Welcome history: bill's the about more Learn Act. Americans Older the cosponsor to proud I'm and is May lives everyday American's older affect that issues the to devoted are We Committee. @SenateAging of part be to Happy @ReachHigher today anniversary initiative the for gear college their out broke Kaine Team @FLOTUS! Hey support: offering yesterday passed Senate the resolution the Read need. of time its in with stands safe communities our keep help &amp; changes important make will rule The standard. safety car tank oil federal long-overdue today’s see to Glad drive entrepreneurial &amp; talent innovation, talk to morning this RVA to tour the and @SteveCase Welcomed ways remarkable in nation our shaped has that community a honor &amp; Month Heritage American Pacific Asian celebrate to proud I'm @Coro_Pittsburgh from fellows impressive of group a &amp; McAuliff John student @urichmond former w/my discussion Great hoy! celebran que los todos a Mayo de Cinco feliz muy un deseo ¡Les @PrudentialSpirit service! community for honorees are who Tucker, and Emma Virginians to Congrats adversaries other &amp; against fight the in asset an be will He experience. w/extensive leader proven a is Dunford Joe" "Fighting GEN abroad &amp; home at time challenging a during leader phenomenal a been has He CJCS. as service extraordinary for @Martin_Dempsey you Thank VA in operations &amp; services care health discuss to @CarilionClinic based Roanoke of Agee Nancy CEO with down Sat here: More Dulles. at workload jeopardize &amp; National Reagan on burdens place not should bill reauthorization FAA Any against new a for need the and in attack the discuss to 4:05 at @CNN on @jaketapper Joining @TheLeadCNN: on me from More . new a up take to Congress for need urgent reinforces to tie Any coverage contraceptive denied being aren't women sure make to HHS urging w/@MarkWarner letter my Read Act Relationships Safe Teach pass to reason more 1 complaints: assault sexual campus in increase shows data .@usedgov do they everything for teachers hard-working your thank you sure Make ! Its live: Watch independently. live seniors helping are technology in advancements how on hearing @SenateAging to Headed seniors helping technology on hearing @SenateAging today's at story personal Charles' resident County Goochland hear to Great need in those all and veterans our elderly, sick, the for care who nurses dedicated the all to you Thank recently Ashburn in teachers their &amp; nurses future @gwNURSING with speaking of pleasure the Had against new a approve &amp; debate to obligation an has Congress why discuss I'll 5:20. at @NewsChannel8 &amp; 5:15 at @ABC7News to Tune new a pass &amp; debate to obligation its dodge to continued has Congress &amp; against action military of months 9 marks Friday thoughts my hear to tomorrow 2 @CSPAN to tuned Stay better. deserve families their and troops Our today new a on debate stalling quit to Senate the asking I'm why discuss to @NewDay at crew the join to About now. @CNN to Tune live Watch . vs mission the in new a pass to urgency the on shortly @fox5newsdc with speaking be I'll against new a pass to obligation its ducking keep can't Congress why explain to 8:40 at @WTOP with air On live: it Watch . against new a pass to colleagues my urge to now floor Senate the to Headed mission the authorize to neglected has Congress yet , against engagement military of months 9 marks Today unchecked and undefined unapproved, undeclared, on go war this let cannot We shameful. and cowardly is new a on silence Congress' on silent be can't Congress issue bipartisan a is This . against new a for push the on @JeffFlake of support to have to Glad http://… ISIL defeat to mission the behind is Congress that adversaries &amp; allies our show to AUMF an pass to @timkaine Joined @JeffFlake: RT an without vs engagement of month 10th our begins Tomorrow today: floor Senate the on speech My ICYMI: telling! story &amp; journalism quality of years 10 for staff the &amp; @ariannahuff to Congrats reader: @HuffingtonPost avid an From SFRC the in colleagues Republican and Democratic with on worked I which bill the for votes yeah 98 see to Proud support bipartisan strong with vs war the for new a Passing SFRC? the for step Next @DavidVitter @SenatorTomUdall law obsolete an reforms that today bill bipartisan important an join to Proud … &amp; in crises ongoing on colleagues and @AmbassadorRice with discussion finished Just @SenatorDurbin: RT vs new a on debate stalled has Congress shameful it's why explain to w/@WolfBlitzer @CNNSitRoom the Joining soon. @CNN to Tune against new a pass can Congress chances the and bill the about Gwen with Speaking @PBSNewshour! to channel your Change … @timkaine &amp; Laura wife my mother, my life: my impacted who've great the of Some @MarkHerringVA: RT an on voting or debating Congress without against war of months 9 marks Today job its do to backbone the lacks or about indifferent either is Congress that impression the leaves an on silence of months 9 it on vote a risking of afraid is Congress yet , vs mission the in lives their risking are VA, from some Servicemembers, vets our of sacrifice the forget never us Let Day. V-E on Europe in evil over prevailed forces allied the today, ago years 70 today forum Business! Means Transit Commission’s Transportation Virginia Northern the addressing of pleasure the Had Virginia better a build Lets jobs. creates &amp; growth economic fuels it projects, transportation &amp; improvements infrastructure fund we When ISIL against an on vote to time It's SFRC the in spirit bipartisan &amp; ISIL, against bill, on w/@JeffFlake op-ed @ForeignPolicy my Read there. out moms extraordinary other the of all and Kathy, mom my her, for grateful So Anne! with weekend Day Mother's fun a spending Loved recidivism reduce &amp; opportunities job expand help will – to agencies &amp; contractors federal for time It’s today. Vietnam for rights human of support in community Vietnamese-American the join to Proud Lorton in students @SoCoStallions w/ visited &amp; @SouthCountyMS at action in Saw week! the off start to way Great http://… @timkaine action. in programs Tech and Career our see to today visit his for Kaine Tim Sen. US to thanks Special @SouthCountyMS: RT @Gottemoeller Rose Security International &amp; Control Arms for @StateDept of Sec w/Under issues nonproliferation Talked vs new a on vote to unwillingness Congress' discuss to @hereandnow on @hereandnowrobin Joined families military for direction right the in step a are changes These initiatives. policy personnel new on announcement @SECNAV the Applaud jobs high-skilled pursue to looking schoolers high benefiting CTE on morning this @wamu885 from here listen good A future: its for plan better Care Day Area Plains Co. Rockingham helping bill a intro to @RepGoodlatte join to Proud community the in anchor beloved a is and County Rockingham in families to services critical provided has Center Care Day Area Plains The … VA. Central in filmed be to Loving Mildred &amp; Richard of lives the on picture motion major announces Gov @GovernorVA: RT history rights civil our of story powerful a It's VA! in filmed be will lives Loving's Mildred &amp; Richard on movie that Excited fleet carrier our maintain &amp; shipbuilders support community, defense VA's benefit will that provisions has Proud credentialing to reforms through prospects employment post-service servicemembers’ improves that amendment my : in Included cuts sequestration harmful against record on Committee Services Armed Senate the puts that another and here: bill defense FY2016 the on statement full my Read outset at possible think didn't many process constructive for houses both from support overwhelming bill, review of passage w/House policy foreign of matters important on way bipartisan in act can Congress that proof = desk President's to sent being bill ISIL against an passing by courage same demonstrate to colleagues my challenge I @techshop offered classes CTE cutting-edge innovative, the see to Excited tomorrow! Arlington in @TechShopDC Visiting communities our protecting sacrifice ultimate the made who heroes fallen our honor we Day, Memorial Officer Peace Nat'l On Arlington in @TechShopDC at printer!) 3-D a (even technology &amp; machines innovative using startups some saw Just @SenWhitehouse here reason your Submit now. and it’s why than more are There base naval largest world's Norfolk, Station Naval &amp; homes Roads Hampton impacts rise level sea by caused Flooding nation great this defend and serve, sacrifice, who uniform in women and men the all to you Thank @RTDNEWS Sunday's from thoughts my of More economy. our benefit can trade conditions, right the Under Beach! VA in Academy Languages World &amp; Studies Global School's High Tallwood with chat Skype a with week my Started NoVa for medicine personalized &amp; care cancer of importance on Speaking @GovernorVA. w/ event today's for @InovaHealth to way my On biotech in advancements through research cancer breakthrough funding on today @InovaHealth at speak to Honored success future to critical is and works education childhood Early program! @NatlHeadStart to 50th Happy &amp; it's why on time 100th the for floor the to taking @SenWhitehouse 2. @CSPAN to tune you sure Make Nola behind rise, level sea of risk at center population US largest 2nd the is Roads Hampton FACT: day per hours several tides daily by inundated be will Norfolk Station Naval into blvd city 2040, By Award! Gold her on Congrats News. Newport from Prox, Lauren met and today reception @girlscouts the by Stopped Virginia Southwest in missed be will spirit His Wilson. Joe legend music mountain of loss the by Saddened issue this ignore can't Congress too. VA affects epidemic abuse opioid - @MorningEdition @npr on listen Important weekend? Day Memorial enjoy beachgoers our let to Promise Commonwealth. the of waters the to back welcome @MaryLeeShark, Hey magnitude this of issue of discussion initiate cannot House that admission = today ISIL on comments .@SpeakerBoehner's troops support we show &amp; language authorizing up take to - Cmte Relations w/Foreign beginning - Senate for urgency increases This here: comments @SpeakerBoehner's on statement full My loans: student out taking when decisions informed make students help to doing is @usedgov what about more Learn kit: took their out Check you. help to here is @FAFSA loan? student your about Questions @FAFSA: here clicking by loan student your on you to available are options repayment of type what see can You home consider they communities the improve to chance a thousands &amp; reforms important prevents Delaying @UVA again! once champs national as year remarkable a off capped who @UVAMenTennis, to Congrats Cuba &amp; US the between relations for forward path on hearing Committee Relations Foreign Senate a to Headed time. is It rights. human for respect including values, &amp; ideas of exchange free the encourage will to ban travel the Ending Norfolk Station Naval at particularly preparedness, security national jeopardize of Effects right. is .@POTUS Roads Hampton for challenges serious poses This accelerating. is rise level sea of rate show Studies of impacts withstand to tools the DoD give should we readiness- defense our affect rise level sea let not Let's in Tune ISIL. vs fight in troops our support &amp; job its do to Congress for time past it's why &amp; talk to @mitchellreports Joining Room Caucus Kennedy historic the in event Month Heritage American Jewish the at speak to Honored rights women's &amp; relations international discuss to today office the to Delegation Women's Iraqi the welcome to Proud … Paz de Proceso y entre deshielo sobre hoy de audiencia sobre @CNNDUSA en @timkaine Sen. @CNNDUSA: RT in Tune Washington. in week the and trade, , talk to few a in @1140WRVA on Jimmy Joining Richmond! morning Good live: Listen trade. &amp; talk to @jfradioshow with air the on be to About troops our support &amp; mission define to an pass Let's thoughts? My ISIL. vs fight in forward steps talk to hearing SASC to way my On patch short-term a of uncertainty the not bill, infrastructure &amp; transportation long-term a of investments the need bridges VA 4,800 it need roads Our bill. transportation long-term a pass Fund, Trust Highway the Renew obsolete functionally or deficient structurally are the in bridges 4 in 1 Nearly FACT: roads unpaved bumpy, our down can the kicks patch term short A investments. transportation robust on depends life of quality &amp; economy Our hearing: SASC From strategy. our criticize to right no has Congress , an w/o ISIL against war of months 9 After here Read derailments. train prevent help can that @MarkWarner w/ technology PTC for funding increased for Calling education childhood early to access expands which Act, Children America's for Start Strong the Cosponsored priorities 2015 on today officials &amp; leaders local with meeting Great town! in is County Henrico Senate! the in service dedicated of years 30 for Kathy Director Administrative my to Congrats Washington: George of legacy &amp; life the on reflections &amp; thoughts my share me letting for @MountVernon to Thanks w/Iran deal review to process constructive have we ensuring to step today-final Act Review Agreement Nuclear signed @POTUS that Proud here: column his Read recently. @georgewillf with ISIL vs new a for need the discuss to chance the Enjoyed Anne with yesterday Southwest in trail Creeper Virginia the on view My today guidance us offer to continue words &amp; life his ages; the for figure saintly a is Romero Oscar bloom! in rhododendrons &amp; laurel Mountain Area. Recreation National Rogers Mt. Ridge, Feathercamp near Trail Mountain Iron on hiking Sunday freedom. nation's our of defense in sacrificed have who those honor we Together, Virginia! , Happy parade Day Memorial annual the with morning the off Kicking festivities! the all for today @marionvirginia in be to Excited @marionvirginia Marion! in parade June in opening grand its before Arts Appalachian of School Henderson Wayne the Touring SWVA. in culture rich much So 4667 Post @VFWHQ at today veterans Virginia brave of sacrifice the Honoring freedom our for sacrifice ultimate the made who those to Cemetery Veterans SWVA at respects Paying infrastructure to wage minimum from owners, biz American Asian Roanoke with discussion during ground of lot a Covered photos! for tuned Stay Fincastle. in (BTEC) Center Education Technical Botetourt the tour to way my On him. miss We'll enthusiasm. and distinction with Richmond represented and friend dear a was He passed. has Hall Frank saddened Deeply Barnett! Lisa @BCPS_tweets for CTE of Coordinator Guest, Union The Of State 2015 my with Fincastle in Reunited vehicles repair to skills trade mechanical the learn students where facility auto-shop BTEC's inside From need in family Co Botetourt a for home this building by @Habitat_org with community their improving are students BTEC River Lafayette the on restoration oyster with help to foundation @chesapeakebay Joining AM. this Norfolk in a Hosting oysters baby of bushels 150 plant @chesapeakebay helping by season planting the off Kicked Creek Mill Knitting at on grow will oysters that ball reef a Lowering today! River Lafayette the on restoration oyster with helped who volunteers the all &amp; @chesapeakebay to you Thank service public from lessons about Institute Leadership CIVIC the addressing before Scholar, CIVIC a Cheng, Met live: Watch today. Roads Hampton in stops my &amp; ISIL on interview my for 4PM at @WAVY_News to in Tune @NMCP1 Portsmouth Center Medical Naval at technology simulation the out Testing @NMCP1 at servicemembers helping equipment medical state-of-the-art &amp; staff talented the by impressed Very aquí: vivo en Escuchen más. &amp; sobre 1320 Selecta en Shalin con Hablando semana. esta VA en hecho he que discutir para minutos pocos unos en @lagrand1480 en Demetrio con Uniéndome live: Listen week. this VA throughout stops my about talk to in-studio @JackGravelyShow join to Excited ! @ScrippsBee 2015 the in competing are who Virginia from spellers talented the to luck Good comedy! some with up room the lighten to luncheon annual @vpapupdates the to way my On Project. Access Public Virginia ready Get years in reads favorite my of book-one @papergirlmacy's of celebration in brewed beer @ParkwayBrewing 1st my Enjoyed career! amazing an on Bob to Congrats on Sept last @facethenation on w/@bobschieffer interview great a to round! final @ScrippsBee the to way his spelled has who tonight, Muthusamy Tejas Allen's Glen to luck Good work need that bridges VA 4,800 other the or on problems infrastructure long-term the fix can't patches funding Short-term relations normalized of era new a starting of process the in step important an is list terrorism of sponsors state the from Removing family. Biden the to out goes heart My others. serving to dedicated life a was His passing. Biden's Beau of hear to saddened Incredibly bill transportation long-term a pass to Congress on call to @EleanorNorton &amp; @RepDonBeyer with to Headed corrosion found engineers after repairs emergency for closed partially be will months, 6 next the For https:… bridges &amp; roads our fixing about serious get to Congress for time --&gt; the on lanes the of 1/3 Closing @MarkWarner: RT bill transportation long-term a with to need the show to @RepDonBeyer w/ near Spoke to longer any wait cannot Congress congestion. traffic cause &amp; drivers VA affect will on closures Lane obsolete functionally or deficient structurally are that bridges VA 4,800 nearly of example one just is growth economic for platform our elevates &amp; commuters VA of lives daily the improves rail &amp; bridges roads, our Maintaining status world-class to infrastructure our restore to America in investments make or over &amp; over can the kick either can We to now act to Congress push should corrosion why discuss to shortly @WTOP Joining 2025-2050 b/t flooded be could Shore Eastern the on roads of miles 33 shows rise level sea on study New to bill long-term a for calling yesterday of front in remarks my of Video ICYMI: ISIL vs force military authorize to obligation an has Congress Cmte. Approps House in amendment her passing for @RepBarbaraLee to H/T people dangerous from away guns keep to checks record background comprehensive about serious get must We live: Watch policy. East Middle on have could deal nuclear an impact the on hearing a to Headed today! in County Caroline from leaders local see to Good here up Sign w/@chesapeakebay. Saturday this Day Bay the Clean at volunteer to day last the is Today Virginians! Hey round Regional Super the to journey @VCUbaseball's on story @RTDNews Great ISIL vs fight in troops our support to bipartisan a pass &amp; up step to Senate the for Time w/@ChrisCoons. Agree assault: sexual campus address colleges how improve to groundwork the laying is force task VA's here: Watch cuts. harmful fix to need we why &amp; VA for of importance discuss to floor the to Heading capabilities defense our harm @DHSgov, &amp; @FBI like security natl w/ tasked those especially agencies, non-defense to cuts sequester Mindless it do to time the Now's budgets. non-defense &amp; defense b/t relief to approach balanced a support sides both on Members accounts non-defense for relief additional requires which , to amendment @SenJackReed's support I … or replaced be to need bridges US 4 of 1 in deficient structurally of tour Quick @USDOT: RT today: floor the from remarks My relief. about serious get to need we , considers Senate the As letter: My lending. payday in practices predatory stop to rules possible strongest the implement to needs .@CFPB planning family access to right woman's a affirming decision, Connecticut v. Griswold the of anniversary 50th honoring resolution a Intro'd here resolution the Read … in combat to an on moving not Congress about @timkaine w discussion depth in an @shiftmsnbc on next Coming @LukeRussert: RT in resources more investing be to Need security. nat'l our harming is the that proof further is breach data Latest best country's the of one named was @rvadonuts Richmond's that me to surprise No ! It's @hermionevoyage France with shares the bond strong the of reminder historic A Yorktown! in landed has The privacy: your protect help to resources some are here breach: data yesterday's Following games! round Regional Super their in @UVABaseball &amp; @VCUBaseball to luck Good News Newport in Kennedy F John USS the on construction begin to contract a @HIIndustries awarded has @USNavy Thrilled soon @Morning_Joe w/ thoughts my Sharing war. this authorizing Congress without ISIL vs engagement military US of months 10 marks Today @Daily_Press: the in More ISIL. vs war on in weighing not by duty solemn most its shirked has Congress months, 10 For ISIL vs war authorize to failed has Congress shameful it's think I why on crew w/@Morning_Joe interview My ICYMI: tuned. Stay Resolve. Inherent Operation on week this way bipartisan a in act to Senate the in colleagues my push to plan I @usscoccer_wnt @FIFAWWC the in tonight @alikrieger, own VA's and , the to luck Good here: Read bill. reauthorization Dept State to amendment as w/@JeffFlake bipartisan first the introduced Just ISIL against mission the authorizing without by go war of months 10 let has Congress that Inexcusable ISIL vs. bipartisan a pass Let's nation. our &amp; troops our for right what’s do to together come finally to colleagues my challenge I … against mission the for support its voice to Congress allow finally will that @timkaine an Offering @JeffFlake: RT @timkaine: with bill reform @StateDept bipartisan a introduced have to Proud @sendavidperdue: RT today: @JeffFlake with introduced I bipartisan the of provisions Key ISIL vs authorization war for Senate in push bipartisan First today. intro'd amendment my Discussing 7:10pm. at Richmond @CBS6 to Tune USA! Team go Let's @usscoccer_wnt. the for time game It's safe Metro make to journey long of Part fix. quick not Metro for recommendations NTSB Today's commuters for forward going steps safety necessary adopting keep to delegation NOVA with work Will here: is place polling your where out Find today! primaries the in vote you sure Make Richmond. in voted Just Friday! up, Next night! last win great a on @ussoccer_wnt the to Congratulations ! go let's &amp; games the Enjoy @FIFAWWC. at Canada in travels Safe Hemphills! the &amp; @worldcupdad Roanoke's to out Shout manufacturers for opportunities trade fair enforce and ensure to petition @steelworkers Salem's of support in USITC at Testified Watch: ISIL. vs war define &amp; shape to aims that amendment bipartisan my about night last @CBS6 with spoke I today consideration for bipartisan 1st intro to @JeffFlake colleague Joined . on forward path a finding on up given Haven’t ignored be not should that duty constitutional a It's . on vote and discussion a ISIL fighting servicemembers the owes Congress ISIL an for forward path a on mtg Cmte Relations Foreign a hold to committing for @SenBobCorker to Thanks an pass to forward path similar a find can nonpartisan, it made &amp; issue partisan a took which , the confidence have I of impact economic the discuss to today colleagues Senate with Met solutions. innovative needs America , To Roads Hampton on rise level sea of impact major the explained he where meeting Senate a at Toll Ray @ODUnow's Introduced tourism businesses, local threaten could rise sea-level from Flooding real. are Roads Hampton in of impacts economic The here: live it stream or in Tune soon. @NewsChannel8 with in ISIL against an on forward path Discussing US! the to service public dedicated of years 27 for you Thank @librarycongress. of halls the in felt forever be will impact Billington's Dr. education higher affordable to access improve to ways discuss to today Alger Jon President @JMU with down Sat in Tune ISIL. combat to an on vote Congressional a for push my in latest the discuss to @fox5newsdc Joining live: Listen . bipartisan a pass can the whether about talk to @1140WRVA on Jimmy join to About ISIL vs war current the authorizing about thoughts my hear to @1070WINA to Tune Charlottesville! morning Good Congressional a deserve troops our why &amp; ISIL vs war America's on shortly Rumble Rick @FM99WNOR's with Talking Pickett Fort at the of construction stall to efforts to opposition in together standing is delegation VA The serving for you thank &amp; Congrats morning. this w/@MarkWarner VA from midshipmen &amp; cadets academy service future Met vets WWII Filipino to Medal Gold Congressional a award would that bill a intro to today colleagues w/bipartisan Stood afternoon this VA in times wait @DeptVetAffairs reducing on update an received I &amp; .@MarkWarner celebrate Let's America. in marriages interracial of prohibition the ended Virginia v. Loving prevailed. love 1967, in freedom of defense the in sacrifices your for present, &amp; past soldiers, the all to you Thank today. old years 240 turns @usarmy The here: click help/questions, casework For Russell! 231 visit Come wk. this space office DC new our into settling We're Manassas! &amp; Abingdon Roanoke, Danville, Beach, Virginia Richmond, in offices state 6 my of one to out reach always also can You here: more Read workers. female protect &amp; women for care health affordable to access expand to bills two Cosponsored stronger are Virginia across families contraception, to access affordable given &amp; workplace the in equally treated are women When Constitutions &amp; British the in today reflected still are principles document's The . ago years 800 signed was Carta Magna The works country beloved our to fully more contribute to shadows the from out come of thousands let has program yrs, 3 For works país gran nuestro a contribuyen que y sombras las en vivan no de miles que permitido ha años, 3 últimos Los practices financial predatory from servicemembers for protections stronger provide to w/@MarkWarner bill a Intro’d upgrades safety @FTA_DOT necessary make to Metro urge to today @SenatorCardin &amp; @SenatorBarb w/@MarkWarner, Stood challenges transit causing keep will funding inadequate &amp; infrastructure aging bill, transpo long-term a pass to willing is Congress Unless tomorrow released recommendations safety @FTA_DOT enacts ensure to colleagues congressional VA and MD with working keep will I guard. new the Meet going. or gone or policy foreign on leaders old Democrats' The @HuffingtonPost: RT htt… practices: financial abusive from families their &amp; servicemembers protect to aims The @SenBlumenthal: RT post critical this to nomination her support to Proud today. Smith Gayle nominee Administrator w/@USAID down Sat concerns management safety Metro on briefing @FTA_DOT an attending after today remarks My ICYMI: @FIFAWWC! of stage next the to advancing on @ussoccer_wnt to Congrats program the from benefiting VA about stories tell to floor Senate the to way my On Virginia. in ISIL against new a pass to need the on Q&amp;A a for tomorrow Facebook on ET 11am at live me join can you Hope why proving are VA these and earlier. floor Senate the from speech My ICYMI: today! interns summer DC my with lunch over discussion Great Blacksburg! of Lazar Mia participant Day History @NEHgov to Congrats http://t… here: it watch can You Speech! Great . supporting for @timkaine you Thank @VA_Immigrants: RT here: perseverance of story her Read scholarship. school high ever first @SpaceX's earned Falls Great of Annie celebration! anniversary 70th @NASA_Wallops the for side House the to over trip the Made here: live Listen . &amp; ISIL against a on latest the about talk to minutes few a in w/@jfradioshow air On friends and families victims' the with are prayers and Thoughts night. last Charleston in tragedy horrible the at saddened Deeply here: conversation the Join . new a passing &amp; ISIL vs mission discuss to today 11:00am at Q&amp;A Facebook a Holding questions! your to forward Looking ISIL. against mission the authorizing on Q&amp;A Facebook a off kick to minutes few a in on Logging now this on speak to floor the to ISIL-headed against new a not but small, and big issues many included has bill defense on Debate @timkaine Senator with meet Interns Summer @CHCI: RT leaders latino great next country's our be to aspiring are who @CHCI the from interns with Met ? ISIL against war the on not but Senate in rust vehicle on voted have we can How yet an on debate meaningful no been has there that Amazing million/day. $9 of cost avg an that’s – $ approx. ISIL: vs war of Cost justice of name the in died &amp; fought have who those all &amp; shooting the of victims the remember we , This country. our in rights human &amp; equality freedom, for struggle the of symbol a been has centuries two nearly For go to have we far how also but society, open &amp; equal more a towards march its in come has far how us reminds This athletes warrior amazing year's this to luck Good begin! @warriorgames the Let Quantico in ceremony opening @warriorgames the of conclusion the at @usairforce team of members Met ! the during supporting for you Thank @warriorgames @usairforce @timkaine @AFW2: RT Act! (STEP) Program Education Technical School Middle the reintroducing for @SenKaineOffice @timkaine to Thanks @dnchodak: RT month reflective and blessed a be this May world. the across and Virginia in Muslims to Kareem Ramadan them to available courses CTE of advantage full take to students encourages which Act Step Middle the Introduced tonight storms severe these through safe staying is Virginia Northern in everyone Hope Day! Father's happy yours, to family my From Vandy vs rematch tonight's of start the to forward Looking weekend. the over @UVABaseball by win a What Wahoowa! Championship! Youth Women's @AIBA_Boxing the at medal bronze a won who Kenney Iesha senior rising @TCWTitans to Congrats today that just do to order exec signed he thrilled – include to program Scholars Presidential expand to @POTUS on called I May, Last workforce the for students preparing in plays role pivotal recognize helps Scholars CTE Presidential of Creation Colombia on take they as @ussoccer_wnt the to luck Good tonight! straight second their begin they as @UVABaseball to luck of Best Hoos! the for time game It's Colombia vs night last @ussoccer_wnt the by win Great quarterfinals! Hello Commonwealth the for call right the is This plates. license issued VA from flag Confederate the remove to decision @GovernorVA's support I here: statement full My veterans our of overmedication opioid combat will which Act, Safety Opioid Memorial Simcakoski Jason the Intro'd tragedies future prevent help to @DeptVetAffiars at coordination &amp; oversight improves bill This sub @USNavy a aboard duty active for train to first the as selected were who sailors enlisted female the to Congrats ! alive! hopes championship their keep to tonight victory @UVAbaseball a for Rooting ! and luck Good tonight. the in game final decisive a force to night last team @UVAbaseball the by win Clutch Symposium Middle-Skills @theNASciences at today Senate the in initiatives on work my about speak to Excited workforce skilled &amp; well-educated on depends economy US of future the why &amp; on @theNASciences to Spoke Americans all for defend to bill a co-sponsored I &amp; @MarkWarner , the of passage after yrs 50 exercising from anyone preventing barriers remove also we important it's racism, of symbols removing on focuses nation the As women for pioneer a and people Monocan the for leader strong a was She passing. Bryant’s Chief of hear to saddened Deeply tonight… the in Commodores the down take Wahoos the that VA from bourbon Reservoir of bottle a wager I'll @SenBobCorker. Hey @UVAbaseball ! on It's today steps Discussed hospital. local reopen to working Authority, Hospital County Lee the with met I &amp; .@MarkWarner tonight championship first its home bring can @UVAbaseball Hoping Hoos! go we Here champs! National night. last championship first their winning on team @UVAbaseball the congrats Big care health affordable quality, high access to credits tax the on rely Virginians 300,000 Nearly . in ruling Applaud coverage off families push to opponents law care health by led effort heartless the of rejection direct a is in ruling hand in #7 Old with by stopped @SenBobCorker game, night's last on bargain the of end his Fulfilling http://… season! outstanding an on @VandyBaseball to congrats And @UVABaseball. Congrats, @timkaine. word, my of man a I’m @SenBobCorker: RT @TrumanProject ISIL vs new a passing and engagement, global world, the in role America's of future the on speak to to Headed deserve they respect &amp; dignity legal full the with treated relationships their have now will couples Same-sex marriage of joys &amp; privileges the couples same-sex denied have that bans discriminatory to end the welcome we Today union perfect more a create to quest continuing our in step important an is Today morning! this Fellows Leadership @MountVernon with issues other &amp; events current discuss to Great @alzassociation Alzheimer's prevent &amp; treat to efforts improve must we millions, For Fairfax in Dinner Jefferson-Jackson tonight's at @hillaryclinton and @vademocrats with celebrate to Excited week! a What go Let's tonight! @ussoccer_wnt the by win Great Syria &amp; Iraq in crisis humanitarian &amp; ISIL vs mission on focused CODEL a of part as Iraq &amp; Kuwait in days 3 after Amman in landed Just Mosque Grand the at here Pictured bombing. ISIL horrific Friday's following of people to condolences Offered @masoud_barzani President &amp; @NBarzani PM Government Regional w/Kurdistan Met yesterday. Erbil in was CODEL colleagues our for message a have I &amp; @MarkWarner friend my tonight, expiration @EximBankUS the of Ahead world the around services &amp; goods in billion $2 export businesses VA helped has @EximBankUS the '07, Since @TulsiGabbard With Aleppo. from km's 97 Only Turkey. Gaziantep, in today center urban an to visit a by Moved and line the on is Final Cup World the in play to chance A tonight! @ussoccer_wnt the to luck of Best statement: My Hemisphere. Western the in diplomacy US in era new a of beginning the marks announcement Today's 54yrs for missing been that’s ideas of exchange an &amp; travel trade, more bring will that relationship US- renewed a from benefit can VA declaraciones: Mis occid. hemisferio el en EEUU de diplomacia de era nueva de inicio el marca sobre anuncio El backlog clearance security the on details more for today @USOPM pressed I and .@timkaine @MarkWarner: RT here: statement My deserve. they recognition federal the receive finally will tribe Pamunkey the Thrilled settlers European first w/the contact making after years 400 over recognition, federal receive to tribe Indian VA first the are Pamunkey The tribes VA other for action spur will this Hopeful wrong. historical a righting towards step big a is announcement @USIndianAffairs Today's Syria and Iraq in crisis humanitarian the &amp; ISIL against mission the on focused East Middle the to CODEL a after stateside Back mission our defines that AUMF new a on vote a ISIL fighting servicemembers our owe We job. its do to Congress for time It’s Turkey Ankara, in @UVA!) (from interns &amp; w/officers Photo worldwide. embassies in work who FSO's the all to you Thank Spain Moron, in stationed w/Commanders CODEL from Photo abroad. serving troops our to you Thank July! of 4th Happy . win to African-American first the became Ashe Arthur own Richmond's ago, years 40 vsJPN @ussoccer_wnt ! GO LET'S victory Cup World exciting an such on the to Congrats champions! World star W&amp;M fmr - Ellis Coach &amp; @beckysauerbrunn @moeebrian players fmr Swanson, Coach @UVaWSoccer @alikrieger, strong! in coming VA @clairecmc cc: provisions Act Relationships key includes today introduced Act Thrilled violence sexual prevent &amp; awareness raise help can relationships healthy about students Educating behavior relationship safe teach schools secondary ensure help would Act Relationships thoughts my share to now crew @Morning_Joe the Joining Congress. from an without all ISIL, vs airstrikes of months 11 marks Today trip: East Middle recent my after &amp; ISIL vs strategy US on perspectives share to earlier @Morning_Joe on Was performances! their congratulate to want I &amp; @MarkWarner @ussoccer_wnt. the on well-represented was VA @richmond2015 here: details More Sept. this Richmond in are Championships World Road UCI The letter: Our deal. budget a reach and crisis avoid to President the &amp; Congress push to @MarkWarner friend my Joined http://t… Act! in included Act Relationships @clairecmc's &amp; @timkaine Sens of provisions Key @rweingarten: RT epidemic: heroin America's fighting to approach comprehensive a embrace to Congress push should report @CDCgov New here: in Tune Act. Relationships my on 8 at morning this live @fox5newsdc on Allison &amp; Steve with Talking @WCNRTheCorner: Joining . in now is that Act Relationships intro'd I students, w/@UVA meeting After Listen: schools. secondary in relationships should we why on thoughts my share to w/@tvmp1015 soon air On assault: sexual prevent could school secondary in behavior relationship safe emphasizing why discuss to @WTOP Joining measure commonsense this support will colleagues my Hope . to amendment my for support voice to floor the to Heading success! career for prepared are students ensure Let's Act. to amendment bipartisan my adopted colleagues my Glad ready career &amp; college are students ensuring &amp; positions open fill to w/skills workers retraining jobs, creating for solution a is subjects academic core our among recognizing by goals critical are readiness career &amp; college understand we students showed just Senate enemies defeat to commitment &amp; troops to support shows - vs war authorize must Congress agreed @GenDunford today, hrg confirmation In @clairecmc cc: bill in provisions the on speech a give to floor Senate the to Headed grounds statehouse from it remove to choice right the made @nikkihaley &amp; legislature SC division. of symbol a is flag Confederate The behavior relationship safe about discussions on emphasis higher a place would bill in provision Relationships safer country our make can It behavior. relationship safe promoting in role a play should schools Secondary Act Relationships the supporting for you Thank today! Hill the on here advocates @PPFA many So made been that’s progress from away walking than better is with possible deal best the get they sure make to time negotiators Giving here: statement full My same the do to Congress for time it's now and acted has bill: the into fits Act Relationships Safe Teach my how on speech floor My ICYMI: priorities defense nation's our on debate bipartisan thoughtful, to forward Looking Committee. Conference the on serve to Proud @WHAging here: live discussion the Stream . 2015 the holding are @POTUS &amp; @WhiteHouse the - now Happening too: it know I &amp; @MarkWarner practices. trade Chinese from wrongdoing been there's know Salem in manufacturers Tire Syria: in crisis humanitarian &amp; vs mission the on focused Turkey &amp; Iraq, Kuwait, to CODEL recent my about Read @ccpsinfo @CSPAN's attend to selected was who HS, Midlothian at teacher Warriner, Regina to Congrats whole a as nation the benefit and gap achievement the close help , a with students provide programs Quality learning of lifetime a for students more prepare can we education, childhood early to access expanding By opportunities learning work-based with students provide that schools rewards that amdt readiness career my passed just Senate succeed them help will that practices valuable are planning, financial like life, everyday in applicable skills students Teaching here: statement full My program nuclear Iran’s limit peacefully to solution diplomatic a find to work hard its for team negotiating the Applaud strength military to commitment its as important as bit every is diplomacy to commitment nation’s A interest. security national our in is it ensure to the review Congress have to deserves public The ahead weeks and days the in the of review constructive a on colleagues Senate my with working to forward Looking making! the in decade a nearly mankind for feat scientific amazing an What . the on @NASANewHorizons to Congrats op-ed: @PilotOpinion My campuses. college off &amp; on assault sexual prevent help can college before education Improved here: Act Relationships Safe Teach the on More offenders former for services community-based improve &amp; laws sentencing reform must US right. is .@POTUS chance second a at shot better a ex-offenders give to together work Let's Congress. this bipartisan been has today earlier from statement my Here's de… nuclear programa el frenar para acuerdo el sobre @TimKaine Virginia de demócrata Senador el con hablamos @CNNDUSA en Hoy @CNNEPrensa: RT diabetes with living those of lives improve can we how discussing &amp; delegates the meeting to forward Looking 1890! of Act Morrill the of years 125 celebrating Hill the on HBCU's of Presidents with soon Meeting Hammond! President Interim @VSUTrojans including Presidents, HBCU with spoke Just passing by assault sexual prevent help can Senate the how on story @Medium latest my out Check @JDRF diabetes &amp; pre-diabetes with living people for care help will that Act Commission Care Clinical Diabetes National Cosponsored @JudyWoodruff &amp; w/@SenatorIsakson 6:10 around @NewsHour on it reviewing in role Congress' &amp; Discussing behavior relationship safe about students teach they ensure &amp; stronger schools our make will it because the for voted I vote bipartisan a on Senate the passed just assault sexual prevent help to students @UVA by idea commonsense A behavior relationship safe on knowledge with students our equip will in provisions Act Relationship Safe Teach assault sexual &amp; violence domestic prevent help will communication healthy &amp; consent about earlier students Teaching curricula core as CTE recognize will Glad spectrum. educational the of part important an is information technical High-quality violence of act senseless this in lost those of families the to out goes heart My today. Chattanooga of out coming news Tragic vote! the before just today @MLWGS from students with shade some Caught story: Amazing technology! aviation unmanned SWVA in @ramusaorg to delivered be will supplies Medical Gala! @AT_Conservancy tonight's at Parks National our of benefits economic the &amp; Trail Appalachian the on time my about talk to Excited trail the of behalf on done work the all for you to goes honor real the But, tonight. me honoring for @AT_Conservancy thank to like Would @NPCA @AT_Conservancy generations future for preserve must we values intrinsic hold also but economy, VA's benefit only not Parks National the of passage &amp; the including Washington, in week busy the Discussing @jfradioshow. the to Tune Stream: . the for outlook Congressional the about talk to @1140WRVA on Jimmy Joining Richmond! morning Good today world the around Muslims to al-Fitr Eid joyous a Wishing Mubarak! Eid population: senior VA's for life of quality the improve will which Act, Americans Older the cosponsor to Proud VA! in issue this on leadership your for Thanks weekend this SWVA in services care health critical providing for @ramusaorg at professionals medical &amp; volunteers dedicated the to you Thank here: appointment an Make Lorton. and Dumfries in tomorrow hours office Connects Kaine hosting be will staff My countries both benefit can relationship renewed This America. Latin in diplomacy US of era new a marks embassy 's of Re-opening países ambos beneficiar puede renovada relación Esta Latinoamérica. en diplomacia de era nueva marca de embajada de reapertura La afternoon this peak to begin temperatures high as today hydrated &amp; cool staying is Commonwealth the throughout everyone hope I surface lunar the from photos of collection great @TIME's out Check moon. the on man a put America 1969 in I and @MarkWarner from More SWVA. in today @USDA the by investment broadband Critical success! mission &amp; flight space human to contributions for award Snoopy" "Silver the with honored engineers @NASA_Langley 6 the to Congrats summer this experience their with do to hope they what shared who @Wolf_Trap @NatlParkService's from interns Met VA in hunger childhood on work her for Award Year the of Advocate Child @VirginiaPTA the received just She @FirstLadyVA! to Congrats lenders: unscrupulous from families their &amp; servicemembers brave nation's our protect to today @POTUS by step Great dropped be will it Hopeful colleagues. Senate my to them expressed have &amp; idea this about concerns major have I process the describe to week last @CharlieRoseShow Joined . the reviewing in play to role big a has Congress community defense VA's Northern impacting issues about talk to out came who folks great the &amp; @kojoshow w/ up wrapped Just conversation hour-long our hear to tomorrow noon at @wamu885 to Tune NoVa: affect issues defense &amp; military how on discussion my hear to today noon at @kojoshow the to tune to sure Make here: appointment an Make Hopewell. &amp; Heights Colonial in tomorrow hours office Connects Kaine hosting is staff My … pregnant: being for job the off pushed be to afford can't Workers expenses. new means baby new A @nwlc: RT pregancy a during work at backs their has employer their that know to deserve who VA in workers w/pregnant stand I attacks cyber from safe US keeping to critical is @ICEgov Fairfax; in Center Crimes Cyber the of expansion major a be will there see to Glad attacks wolf lone from facilities military US protect to options better review to @DeptofDefense asking I'm tragedy, of wake In here: Carter Ash Secretary to letter my read can You assault sexual prevent to tool key a be can Education House. the in intro'd Act Relationships seeing Love preview a for 7am at @Morning_Joe join I'll Committee, Relations Foreign the in tomorrow for set hearing Senate first the With @wamu885 City! Crystal in to out turned who all to Thanks night. last from w/@kojoshow discussion My ICYMI: here: it Stream debate. robust a to forward Looking tomorrow. the on hearing first its holding is The @Morning_Joe at crew the with today hearing first the into going thoughts my share to About donuts! &amp; coffee over morning this @girlscouts &amp; @boyscouts VA of group impressive an with talking time great a Had testify: @USTreasury &amp; @ErnestMoniz @JohnKerry Watch SFRC. the in hearing first the to way my On Act Equality the Support discrimination. housing &amp; paycheck unfair face still Americans debate: constructive for process this on agreed Congress Glad hearing. SFRC first today's at remarks My Virginia in assistance for 866-3HUNGRY call or 877-877 to COMIDA or FOOD Text summer. the for out is school when increases hunger Child here: found be can program meals summer VA's about information Additional aquí: Veálo Congreso. el en con nuclear acuerdo el para pasos siguientes los sobre @NoticiasDC con hablé Ayer, : the in role Congress' discussing yesterday from crew @Morning_Joe the with interview my Here's ICYMI: 757-550-3535 to FEED text or 757-627-6599 calling by food Donate help. your needs bank food Roads' Hampton practices discriminatory of victims never are disability a with living Americans ensure helped has ADA the passage, since years 25 bill: my on editorial @NewsInTheBurg’s Read college. before start should prevention assault sexual on Education propuesta: mi sobre editorial este Lee secundaria. la en comenzar debe sexual abuso del prevención la sobre Educación Turkey into fled have who refugees Syrian the for zone protected a create to Turkey and the between cooperation greater welcome I crisis refugee unprecedented an with dealing countries on burden the ease &amp; aid humanitarian unfettered of flow the allow would zone a Such family. black a for security economic &amp; poverty between difference the mean can salary fair A Act: the about more Learn succeed. family whole the helps women black for teacher: winning award @EPA @usedgov HS Valley Loudoun local a McGranaghan, Liam on story profile this out Check smoothly! operating floor Senate the keep help who Pages Senate hard-working VA's Nate, &amp; Monica to you Thank government local &amp; state in time my &amp; service public discuss to DC in afternoon this Fellows Governor VA's with Met completed: are checks background until sales halt to dealers firearm on calling I'm shooting, Charleston of wake In today! interns summer of group great this with lunch Had issues: delivery mail rural on House Court Charlotte in hours Connects Kaine host will staff my 4th, Aug. Tuesday On workers &amp; employers industry defense benefit programs apprenticeship how discussed we today Subcmte Readiness SASC the In development: work-force in investing are companies why &amp; programs apprenticeship of value on piece @nytimes this Read program each of impacts positive historically the celebrate Let's law. into signed were &amp; ago years 50 here: it Read ACA. the under expanding for argument the make I and @SenSherrodBrown @USATODAY, today's In http://t… practices. best shipyard on testifying after yesterday @timkaine to talks Operations, Trades VP NNS' Bagley, Ray @HIIndustries: RT Act: Relationships Safe Teach my discuss @rweingarten @AFTunion's watch to 12:30 at @HuffPostLive Visit here More programs. training workforce for Grants Pell expand would that bill a Act, JOBS the introduced Just century 21st the of demands the meet that pathways career of wide-range a support policies education higher federal ensures Act JOBS The needs workforce regional fill help can we credentials, skills-training technical seeking students to accessible more Grants Pell making By at50 here letter our Read . expand to states urging are I &amp; .@SenSherrodBrown &amp; of anniversary 50th the on speech a give to floor Senate the to way my On Virginians for worked has century, a half nearly For funding federal receive to Act Rights Civil the with comply them making by hospitals desegregate helped insurance health afford to chance the people 400,000 to up give would Virginia in expansion economy the to boost dollar $ a mean would It . expanding from benefit economic direct receive to stands VA años… 50 los y Irán con nuclear acuerdo el sobre audiencias de habla @TimKaine Virginia de Demócrata Sen. el @CNNDUSA en Hoy @CNNEPrensa: RT &amp; of anniversary 50th the commemorating speech floor my Here's ICYMI: epidemic: growing this combat and abuse opioid deter help will that bill bipartisan a Introduced services care primary important Americans million over deny would that legislation against vote to floor the to Headed I why That’s care. health quality high of source only their is Parenthood Planned , the across families &amp; women many For : his on statement my Read today. @POTUS from speech Important issue this tackles the glad I'm . combat must we agree: all leaders religious &amp; officials military Scientists, this do can We 15yrs. in pollution air cut to us asks Obama President 2015 In 7yrs. in moon the to go to us asked Kennedy President 1962 In it support will I reason, this For cannot. hostility &amp; isolation what achieve can diplomacy patient that shown has America , the On means diplomatic peaceful through years many for it disables and forward progressing was that program weapons nuclear a takes The weapons nuclear obtaining to path a adversary an denying about is It adversary. an of out ally an making about not is The @virginia_tech! &amp; @OldDominionUniv @UVA to Congrats women. &amp; men for rankings preseason @NSCAA 25 top the in are schools VA Three tonight: events in participating are communities Virginia many that hear to Great here: RSVP foreclosure. home on tomorrow County Henrico in hours Connects Kaine holding is office My here: appointment an Make 2-4pm. from afternoon tomorrow Chesapeake in hours Connects Kaine holding is office My … @timkaine: &amp; @GeneHealy featuring ISIS with fight the on forum policy tomorrow's for register to day Last @CatoEvents: RT : here right 11:20am at @AmericanU at today the on speech @POTUS's watch can You new a pass to efforts my &amp; ISIL vs airstrikes of anniversary one-year the on Thurs @CatoInstitute to Speaking : the supporting yesterday floor Senate the from speech My ICYMI: education! &amp; research marine in leader a as years 75 on @VIMS_News congratulating are I and @RobWittman @MarkWarner veterans for program degree nursing baccalaureate new a develop to able be will Sciences Health of College Jefferson help, @HRSAgov Through bipartisan new a on vote to need &amp; ISIL vs airstrikes US of anniversary year one Saturday's about soon floor Senate the on Speaking an on voting by ours do to Congress on waiting still are they But job. their doing are troops our ISIL, vs fight the into year One baffling is in diplomacy to challenge energetic its and ISIL vs war to indifference Congress' between Contrast expands conflict as needed is new A day. per spent $ serving. troops 3,000 airstrikes. 4,462 ISIL: vs war unauthorized of year One : the &amp; ISIL against new a on inaction of year a discuss to soon @fox5newsdc with live on be I'll here: in Tune ISIL. vs war the of anniversary year one upcoming the discuss to @CatoInstitute to way my On participation civic of means critical this of robbed not are Americans ensure helped has Act Rights Voting the years, 50 For need they protections the citizens give to way bipartisan a in work can Congress hope &amp; VRA the restoring fully to committed remain I 2015 of Act Advancement Rights Voting the about more Read here: Stream . &amp; the on 10:40am at morning this interview @HuffPostLive first my doing be to Excited remarks: My . new a on vote &amp; debate must Congress expanding, keeps &amp; year one reaches ISIL on war As ICYMI: an passing w/out recessing is Congress that reality troublesome the &amp; the on w/@HuffPostLive Spoke ISIL vs an pass to effort continued my about @newsadvance the in editorial today's out Check ISIL vs war unauthorized of year one after new a for fighting I'm why about writing for @roanoketimes to Thanks war the on vote &amp; debate a them owes Congress ISIL. fighting lives their risked have - VA from many - troops 1yr, For ours do to Congress on waiting still they're but jobs their doing are servicemembers our ISIL, against mission the into year One @JeffFlake: with resolution my Read Congress. in new a on forward path bipartisan a is there believe I @washingtonpost: in anniversary this on oped My yr. 1 for ISIL vs war the on vote or debate to refused has Congress @PilotOpinion in piece yesterday's Read approval. Congressional w/out still ISIL vs war of year a marked weekend This employees catering &amp; cafeteria Senate's the for wages better for pushing are I &amp; .@MarkWarner Library: Centre Burke the at hours office Connects Kaine holding are staff my of members Burke, in Tomorrow 7-14: Aug @colonialwmsburg to admission free get can You Roads? Hampton in Live history? of Fan school! new their in today year school the begin they as @LouisaCountyVA in School High Louisa to wishes Well AUMF: an pass to Congress pushing &amp; education incl. on, working I’m issues on posts longer for @medium on me Follow here appointment an Make Library. Oakton the at tomorrow hours office Connects Kaine holding is staff My Oakton! Hey leadership new including changes, dramatic see to need We with. dealt not &amp; July in detected was problem track Metro that unacceptable It’s @USFWSNortheast lovers! nature for is Virginia Beach. VA in Refuge Wildlife National Bay Back from pic morning Early diplomacy of era new a and relationship renewed our symbolizes Cuba in embassy the of opening The diplomacia de era nueva una simboliza en EEUU de embajada la de reapertura La retirement in security economic deserve all that Americans to promise our remains it law; into signed FDR ago yrs 80 Center Medical VA Hampton the to visit a with Virginia of tour 5-day my off Kicking @Chamber757 Roads Hampton in growth job &amp; development economic talk to @MarkWarner &amp; leaders business local with forum a is today stop Next ASAP problems these with deal to Have lapse. safety critical with deal to meeting board scheduled up moving @WMATA Appreciate family w/his Thoughts professor. UVA and leader NAACP founder, SNCC as rights civil of promoter Bond, Julian of passing the by Saddened Beach VA in businesses small impacting issues the about today leaders business Latino with conversation a Held ISIL vs new a on vote Congress have to effort continued my &amp; the Roads, Hampton in day my discuss to soon w/@13NewsNow Live issues: military &amp; VA Hampton the visiting on today interview @13NewsNow my ICYMI: 'impressive' progress VA Hampton @timkaine: Sen. @Daily_Press: RT in! Tune yesterday. Roads Hampton in learned I what share to soon Lewis Cathy @WHRO's Joining ! about speak to afternoon this @timkaine host to stoked is Astyra @AstyraCorp: RT @theMBL today Richmond from leaders business African-American with discussion a Hosted walk! retail a for Person Mayor with meet to Emporia today? 58 Route on stop First Hill! South in Theatre Colonial historic the of tour a me giving for Callis Kim Manager Town &amp; Horne Mayor to Thanks Capitol the over flown been that's one new a them Sending missing. going flag 139's Post @AmericanLegion about Heard economy global competitive a in compete to need they training the get students helps @NewCollegeInst The machine! coater academic new a of unveiling the witness to got I @NewCollegeInst, touring While Hillsville. stop, Next Leap! Lovers from view the Enjoying agriculture! vocational for lab STEM first country's the out check to School High County Carroll Visited Company Furniture @Vaughanbassett employers: largest Galax's of one toured and employees with Met resilience climate on work strong its for cities target @americorps Resilience 10 of 1 as @WhiteHouse by named today – Norfolk to Kudos Park! Calfee historic in game Yankees Pulaski the at pitch first the out threw Just VA across employers &amp; families impacts which epidemic, abuse opioid the combat to how on focus a with tour economic 5-day my Concluding VA in deaths opioid of amount the reducing in role a play can policy federal how brainstorming earlier Radford In integration gender for direction right in heading Military history. making school, Ranger pass Griest 1LT &amp; Haver CPT @USArmy see to Great Elrod! Mayor with Lexington in @dbbrewingco Touring VA. in week my conclude to way fun A IPA Point Eight the recommend I beer? @dbbrewingco favorite your What's ISIL vs war year-long a authorize to neglect Congress' on @TheAtlantic from read A birthday! 99th Park's the celebrate to tomorrow @ShenandoahNPS to admission Free parks beautiful Virginia's at admission Free birthday! 99th its celebrates @NatlParkService the as today debt! student reduce and access college increase help Will enrollment. dual on @NovaAccess by step Great family @WDBJ7 entire the and Adam and Alison of ones loved to sympathies Deepest morning. this Moneta in tragedy senseless by Heartbroken violence of act horrific this following recovery Gardner's Vicki for Praying Adam. and Alison you, love We @WDBJ7: RT http://t.… → live Watch conference. the off kickoff the for EDT am 9 at tomorrow us Join @HUDgov: RT @SecretaryCastro! &amp; Mondale VP Fmr. with today Conference @HUDgov's off kick help to Excited here: live Conference the Watch conference @HUDgov the at practices housing fair for advocating experiences my Shared https://… too: can, friends your so this RT and assault, sexual stop help to pledge the Take @WhiteHouse: RT assault sexual campus prevent help can school secondary in consent, constitutes what like behavior, relationship safe Teaching the supporting we're why discuss will I and veterans post-9/11 @TrumanProject, today, PM 2:00 At Richmond in today diplomacy &amp; the of support in @TrumanProject the from veterans post-9/11 with Stood @TrumanProject weapon nuclear a to path a adversary an denying about It's adversary. an of out ally an making about not is The @TrumanProject years many for peacefully it disables &amp; success near was that program weapons nuclear a takes it – the support I leadership strong his continue can he sure make to work I'll &amp; AG as him have to lucky we’re – accomplishments @MarkHerringVA's of proud So epidemic: this combating on focused is @HillaryClinton Grateful VA. across communities harming is abuse Drug imp… not women, empower to govts on call we rgts women's on conf historic of anniversary 20th approach we As @AmbassadorPower: RT @richmond2015 here: more Learn Championships! World @UCI_cycling the hosts Richmond until counting and days 15 here: information More 9th! Sept. week, next Lexington in hours office Connects Kaine hosting be will staff My do! to more much so and for you thank to much movement--so labor the in sisters and brothers our To workers. American all to Happy persons: prohibited other or felons to sales for responsible sellers gun hold would that today bill a introducing I'm persons prohibited other or felon a of hands the in firearm illegal an place casually to able be should one No studies their and class to return they as teachers and students Virginia's of all to luck Good week. this Congress!) (like back are Schools family @WDBJ the and Ward Adam Parker, Alison to tribute pay to floor Senate the to headed I'm soon 2 @CSPAN to Tune people. prohibited to firearms selling for accountable sellers gun holds that bill new my discuss also will I @timkaine for need on @washingtonpost by piece Good @JeffFlake: RT today @USNavy the in Commander to Reeve, James mine, of fellow defense former a promote to honor an was It can. you if 6:40am around in Tune @Morning_Joe. from crew the with @IranDeal the discuss to tomorrow early up be I'll in! Tune process. review Senate the from latest the &amp; @IranDeal the on @Morning_Joe of crew the with speak I'll minutes few a In live: Listen accountability. increase &amp; violence gun prevent to take can we steps discuss to @1070WINA join to About here: in Tune Act. Firearms of Transfer Responsible the bill, new my about @1140WRVA on Jimmy to Talking peace lasting achieve to w/adversaries diplomacy US of tradition follows &amp; quo status than better far is .@IranDeal questions: with by Stop Lexington. in Library Regional Rockbridge the in noon at hours office hosting is staff My peace achieve to adversaries with diplomacy of tradition its follow must US the why &amp; @TheIranDeal on soon w/@mitchellreports Speaking here Watch diplomacy. and @TheIranDeal supporting I'm why explain to floor Senate the to heading I'm 11 as young as children for OxyContin approve to decision FDA into investigation an for call to @Sen_JoeManchin &amp; @MarkWarner Joined here: letter our read can You violence gun prevent to solutions commonsense for rally @MomsDemand &amp; @Everytown the to headed I'm today advocates reform gun passionate other many &amp; @MomsDemand @Everytown alongside speak to Honored checks background universal like violence, gun from safer country our make to solutions for pushing keep I'll people prohibited from away guns keep to aims bill my but violence, gun to solution one not There's might military our enhances diplomacy strong diplomacy, enhances military strong a as Just world peaceful more a creates &amp; values American our of part fundamentally is force military before diplomacy using believe I Iran with quo status the than position better a in world &amp; the puts The yesterday. than important more is Tomorrow safer world the makes &amp; diplomacy American of traditions best the honors deal This today. the of support in voted I disappointing &amp; unfortunate is - to agreed as - threshold vote 60 a with the on vote down or up an allow to unwillingness GOP vote the after floor the on detail in more this addressed I @AndyjudxUSA here: vote the following Senate the of floor the from speech my watch can You followed that wars the in served who those &amp; 9/11/2001 on lives their lost who thousands the honor we Today, Act: Reauthorization Compensation &amp; Health 9/11 Zadroga James the co-sponsor to Proud attacks 9/11 the of because ill becoming of at-risk or ill currently are who individuals of thousands to care much-needed provides bill This here: bill my about more Read workforce. talented nation’s our growing to critical are programs Apprenticeship missed. be will He greats. all-time NBA's the of one Malone, Moses native Petersburg of passing the of hear to Sad Hashanah Rosh observing everyone to Year New healthy and happy a Wishing process: application @FAFSA to changes &amp; affordability college discuss @arneduncan &amp; @POTUS now: Happening options ed higher their about decisions informed make students help will step This forms. @FAFSA on announcement @WhiteHouse the Applaud aid financial for process application disjointed a up speed &amp; students &amp; families empower can we data, year prior-prior use them letting By march Justice for Journey the of end the marking leaders @NAACP join to Memorial Lincoln the to headed I'm @NAACP's the of end the mark to today Memorial Lincoln the of steps the on speak to Honored nation stronger a us make will opportunity of doors Opening society. equal more a towards march its in far come has America Congreso al España de Letizia Reina la y VI Felipe Rey al bienvenida la di Le Congress to Spain of Letizia Queen and VI Felipe King Welcomed objectives mission define can that new a issue to Congress for urgent is it and complexity in growing is ISIL vs Fight vote to right constitutional their exercise to need they protections the citizens give to must We @IAFFNewsDesk co-sponsor to proud I'm bill a , for advocating are who firefighters NYC &amp; VA with Met too. do you if RT . to Congress urging responders first 9/11 w/our Congress of halls the walks he as Stewart w/Jon stand I permanent. programs these make &amp; must Congress deserve. &amp; need they care w/the them provide to heroes 9/11 our to it owe We to Congress Urge 9/30. on expire to begin will programs health 911 critical act, to fails Congress If bill important this discuss to today responders first w/ Met . of co-sponsor &amp; supporter strong a I'm @TimBurnIAFF Orange Agent by harmed were who veterans Water" "Blue of thousands help to bill a on @MarkWarner Joining up? them back you Can ready! are racers tiny Our race! relay of start until MIN 5 @MomsRising: RT … Hill! Capitol on race to ready too, here is @SenBobCasey &amp; on are faces game our tied, are laces Our @nwlc: RT ! get kids help Let's relay! learning early an for morning this lawn Capitol the on @MomsRising &amp; @nwlc join to Excited lawn! Capitol the on rally learning early the at morning this singalong little A children for opportunities learning early improving &amp; expanding by gap achievement the reduce help can We learning of lifetime a for students more prepares education childhood early to access Expanding here: them about more Learn programs. preschool quality expand that bills of pair a introduced I've Roads: Hampton in workforce maritime regional grow to @TCCva, like institutions, empower will that bill a Intro'd juntos! celebrar por Emocionado nación. nuestra de integral parte una son latinos Los aquí sobre enteras declaraciones mis leer Puedes key be will Mull Amb. &amp; essential enforcement and oversight vigilant – implementation for coordinator US of announcement Welcome Pointers! Go year. the of Principal VA named being on School High Point West of Dorsey Mark to Congrats Pointers! Go year. the of Principal VA named being on School High Point West of Dorsey Mark to Congrats week this firefighters NYC and w/VA Met Congress. pass it see to fight will and bill the co-sponsored I've why It's Absolutely. @IAFF4145 tonight! Island Brown’s at ceremony opening an with championships @UCI_cycling the off kicks Holton! Linwood Gov. father-in-law, fantastic a to today birthday happy very a Wishing neighbors. be and together live to able be to ought humans all recognized who visionary a lost has Virginia Simon, Bob In loved &amp; created he community the in on live will legacy his know I &amp; year last in birthday 100th Bob’s celebrate to honored was I family his with are prayers My duty. of line the in serving while away passed Smith, Nathan-Michael Trooper finest, VAs of one that Saddened FM to tune can you Hope minutes. few a in @WNEW with Congress to speech historic upcoming @pontifex’s Discussing 7:30AM: at @fox5newsdc with me to means visit his what discuss I'll Thursday, Congress addressing @pontifex With it against voted I precedent, of years 40 &amp; Amendment 14th the violates ban abortion 20-week the Because 13th Oct. is Deadline register. to @vaELECT with touch in Get vote! to right your exercise , On @Reagan_Airport welcome hero's a to arrive Flight Honor female all first the aboard Veterans @Reagan_Airport: RT affected. those all for Praying news. tragic this about hear to heartbroken so are and Dana and Edd love I and Anne octubre. de 13 es límite fecha La registrarte. para @vaELECT Contacta votar! a derecho tu Ejerce here: info More cams. body police for funding federal receive will localities VA 5 that announced I and .@MarkWarner serve bravely they communities &amp; police b/t relationships positive build &amp; transparency increase can that approach an is cameras body of Use fast easy peaceful, a Kippur Yom observing world the around those and Virginians all Wishing Thursday on Congress of meeting joint a to address historic his hear to and town in have to Excited Jueves este Congreso del junta una a histórico discurso su escuchar y de visita la por Emocionado today arrived Francis Pope after shortly afternoon this Hill the on leaders religious of group a Addressed Richmond: in discrimination housing fighting experiences my about story @Medium latest my Read forgotten be never will personality infectious &amp; career remarkable His Berra. Yogi legend Yankees of passing the of hear to Sad centuries: the over ride @Pontifex's of evolution the out Check popemobile! the is so means which DC, in is Pope The congrats! - 2016 in debate Presidential Vice the host to selected just was @longwoodu Virginia's official! It's heritage: Hispanic America's &amp; visit Francis' Pope between connection important the on @RTDNEWS the in op-ed my Read EEUU los en hispana herencia la y Papa del visita la entre importante conexión la sobre @RTDNEWS en opinión mi Lea @richmond2015 ! in Championships World @UCI_cycling the at trials time Watching : Congress to address Pope's the on @Georgetown at thoughts my share I'll week this Later repeal pre-DATD discharged dishonorably troops for Act Members Service to Honor Restore the co-sponsor to Proud wrong. horrible a right helps It bill. this on leadership his for @SenBrianSchatz thank to Want today Congress to address historic @pontifex's before thoughts my discuss to 6:25am at @wusa9 with Speaking message his hearing to forward looking I'm why on soon w/@ABC7News talk I'll today. Congress address to set is Francis Pope @telemundonews! a sintonízate – Congreso al del discurso del antes 7am las a @lorimontenegro con hablar por Emocionado country our in time important an such at comes address Congressional @Pontifex's why discuss to soon crew @Morning_Joe the Joining in! Tune history. in Congress to address @Pontifex first the discussing 8am at morning this @NewDay CNN on be I'll address! @Pontifex's for here be to honored So Chamber. House the to over Headed together work people when accomplished be can what show to examples American used &amp; Congress for expectations high set @Pontifex how Loved Congress to address reflective &amp; historic @Pontifex's to reaction My tomorrow! everyone with day historic this discussing to forward looking much Very world. the around Muslims to Mubarak Eid an wish and pilgrims all of safety and health the for pray I al-Adha, Eid This @Medium: en más Lee país. nuestro de hispanas raíces las celebrar a inspira nos EEUU los a Papa del visita La yesterday Congress to speech and visit historic Pope's the on discussion a for @GUPolitics join to About you: near are events which out Find tomorrow. off kicks @VAScienceFest The Lovers! Science for is Virginia @GUPolitics Thanks DC. in time Pope's the on discussion thoughtful a for group wonderful a &amp; you join to Great Same! @GUPolitics! Gracias Papa! del visita la sobre discusión buena muy una por y contigo platicar placer Un Igualmente! Woodbridge! in 1681 Blu at team the meet to Great @uci_cycling Richmond! in race road women's elite the Watching event successful a such for community the &amp; Jones Mayor team, @Richmond2015 the to Thanks . in races @UCI_Cycling the catch could I Glad year's this at well so do breweries VA the all and City Port see to Glad done! Well here: live Watch East. Middle the in crisis refugee the on hearing a hold will SFRC the , 10am at Tomorrow regime Assad the of brutality the fleeing those protect better to order in zones safe humanitarian more or one establish should allies &amp; US aquí: en refugiados los de crisis la sobre audiencia una tendrá SFRC el am, 10 las a Mañana Siria en Assad de brutalidad la de huyendo aquellos proteger para segura humanitaria zona una mínimo establecer debemos aliados y EEUU Los @CecileRichards &amp; to proud I’m Americans. million to services care primary critical provides Parenthood Planned role: humanitarian 's the and East Middle the in crisis refugee the discussing is SFRC the now: Happening EEUU los de humanitario papel el y Oriente Medio el en refugiados los de crisis la discutiendo está SFRC el Ahora: program: Federal the of reauthorization 1-year a for calling members delegation VA &amp; @MarkWarner Joined week this expire program this let to not to Congress urging in us Join students. lowest-income the for reality a college make @usedgov Schools! @NatlBlueRibbon as selected just Commonwealth the in schools the all to Congrats @macfound Reston from winner Grant Genius MacArthur &amp; entrepreneur environmental , a Cohen, Gary Meet enjoy to generations future for environment sustainable more a create to helping is work innovative Your Gary. Congrats, Commonwealth the of areas other &amp; into moves flooding flash as today safe stay to precautions takes everyone hope I Syria: in crisis humanitarian the concerning policy East Middle on hearing SFRC today's at remarks My ICYMI: Siria: en humanitaria crisis la sobre Oriente Medio el en hoy SFRC del audiencia la en comentarios mis ICYMI: 2015 to 1965 from culture Enriching @NEHgov! to anniversary 50th happy and Congrats economy the &amp; children our for dividends huge pay will education childhood early in Investing rally! @HeadStartgov a at speak to About shutdown needless another avoids and open government the keeps that CR clean a for voted Just economy VA’s &amp; security national threaten that cuts sequester replace to compromise a reach &amp; fights partisan unrelated aside put let’s Now futures bright for children our preparing in role crucial a played has @NatlHeadStart years, 50 For Washington Denzel advocate @BGCA_Clubs passionate and winner award @TheAcademy two-time met just I and .@MarkWarner leaders great become &amp; passion their find VA in many helped also It's life. Washington's Denzel in role important an played .@BGCA_Clubs development economic &amp; creation job about conversation Great today! dealers @JohnDeere Virginia local with Met updates for @VDEM Follow emergency. of state a declared has @GovernorVA VA, to headed weather severe and rain heavy With here: found be can information More weekend. this into heading precautions take &amp; safe stay to sure Make society of segments certain of rates over-incarceration reduce to steps several takes Act Corrections &amp; Bipartisan families on had have minimums mandatory effects damaging the reduces that agreement this on worked who Senators of group bipartisan Applaud Hoos studies your on luck Good today! candidates Masters Policy Public School Batten @UVA with Met service his for him thanking citizens Norfolk join I &amp; city great a in job great a did He vision. &amp; energy Fraim's Mayor admired always I've economy manufacturing advanced America's of celebration a - is Today VA Southern in manufacturers advanced the to Roads Hampton in shipbuilding from companies, manufacturing talented to home is VA manufacturing advanced in workforce our growing to critical are programs Apprenticeship ISIL vs war the for vote an hold &amp; debate to Congress for push my on piece @MorningConsult's out Check Quarterly: Connections Capitol Virginia in me from More tomorrow. not issue, today a is change VA, For online secure be to practices good and threats cyber about more learn to Visit month. is October threats from citizens American protect to more do must government the common, increasingly become cyberattacks As rates graduation increase &amp; learning early expand to work his especially @usedgov, at leadership thoughtful of yrs 7 for @arneduncan to Thx details the reviewing to forward look and deal trade a on agreement reach to able were Partnership Trans-Pacific the of members pleased I’m 2016! in victory for state key VA–a win her help to Excited @HillaryClinton! for team leadership Virginia fantastic the of part be to Proud here plan her out Check society. our plaguing that’s violence gun prevent to act must We @HillaryClinton. w/ agree I sale firearm any before completed be should checks Background measure. reform gun commonsense a is Loophole" "Charleston Closing violence gun by caused often are &amp; VA in common too far are deaths violence Domestic abusers. domestic of hands the of out guns get must We agree you if RT gun. a getting from individuals dangerous prevent help will it because system checks background comprehensive a support I checks background owners-support gun Virginians-including b/c lost haven't I but me against campaigns always .@NRA reality! a into bill this turn to w/@smashingwalnuts work to Program-proud Research Miller Gabriella the launched officially @NIH here live Watch Campbell. GEN from hear to Afghanistan on hearing SASC a to Headed @MSNBC on live Watch Afghanistan. on hearing SASC today's discuss to @mitchellreports join to About happy! you makes reading why Share @Pharrell. native Beach Virginia by initiative Great curiosity sparks and opportunity of doors opens it because happy me makes Reading htt… married! who couples same-sex 2,670 the celebrate to RT VA! in of anniversary year 1 the Today's @AGMarkHerring: RT here: interview my Watch Afghanistan. on earlier w/@mitchellreports Spoke ! and reform for need the , discuss to tomorrow @CHCI join to Excited @CHCI! con y necesaria migratoria reforma la , discutir por Emocionado summit! @CHCI address to Headed issue latest their in stand a taking for @people Applaud . to order in action take to need We … @nature_wonks ! &amp; conservation of support time long your for @timkaine you Thank @Nature_DCMDVA: RT Pickett Fort at facility training diplomatic a for need &amp; security embassy on tomorrow hearing a Chairing facility training diplomatic new a for site best the is Pickett Fort clear makes that report GAO the Read here Watch operations. military &amp; Syria in strategy Russian on hearing Committee Service Armed a to Headed here: Watch laws. safety gun improve to agenda Senate the unveil to conference press a to Headed on agree Americans piece critical a is checks background Expanding solution. comprehensive a needs violence gun of Epidemic them have to allowed legally not are who those of hands the of out weapons keep to system check records a create to need We members NRA even and owners gun of wishes the despite violence gun to solutions sense common opposes @NRA The guns illegal of pipeline down shut &amp; checks background expand &amp; improve loophole, show gun close : to solutions sense Common laws safety gun new pass to pressure up ramp &amp; to agenda Senate Outlined repairs to due tomorrow 7pm until today 7pm from closed be will ramp Bridge Key the commuters: DMV to Note nation our protect &amp; serve who women &amp; men brave the to you Thank @USNavy! the to birthday 240th Happy always. Ready now. Ready then. Ready ! our celebrate to Retweet @USNavy: RT today! Register Virginia. in vote to register to day last the is Today epidemic: this combat to more do must and can We Virginia. in deaths highway outnumber now deaths overdose Drug @The_Honda cc today! them for voting by at compete @vaunion1865 Help Parkers the and Haas Lori @MarkHerringVA, w/@GovernorVA, to ways discussing earlier Richmond In are people safer the have, you system check record background better The cc:@MarkWarner development! economic rural for @USDA the from awards grant in 200K receiving is County Goochland system justice criminal our reform to efforts discuss to today Norfolk in leaders enforcement law &amp; community Joined address to needs Congress challenges justice criminal pinpoint me help will Norfolk in today leaders community &amp; ex-offenders from Hearing Senate the &amp; Virginia in on focused I'm issue an reform, justice criminal on spoke @POTUS address, weekly his During system justice criminal centered over-incarceration an reform to ways on yesterday Norfolk in discussion my on More society into back reentry ease help could actions what on ex-offenders from directly hearing Thu on Richmond in Was @lawrence_wright. by moderated and @timkaine w/ World" the in Place "America's on panel today's to forward Looking @RepMcCaul: RT Quantico in today Group Security Embassy @USMC the from Marines of group impressive an with Visited @ResnickTeaches cc: events! current discuss to School Middle Wetsel Madison's with -skyped day my start to way Great https… what?!?" did "I @timkaine Sen VA with convo video @Skype to thanks WMS at Tuesday Terrific @ResnickTeaches: RT @RTDNEWS today's in me from More facility. training security diplomatic new a to home be should Pickett Fort @SalemVA School! Elementary Salem West of DiFusco-Funk Natalie Year the of Teacher Virginia 2016 to Congrats … can: we how on facts the Get it. solve to us of all take will it and all, us threatens change Climate @FactsOnClimate: RT week las Virginia in discussions my from learned I what share me letting for you Thank vocab some on up Brushing @PressClubDC. at title bee spelling my defend I until hours 24 than Less de abusos de víctimas por lucha que altruista y extraordinaria persona una es Morales Consuelo Sor speed-dial on Tejas have I tonight, "phone-a-friend" a get I case In . to Headed @PressClubDC ! the from updates live for staff my to account Twitter the over Handing c-u-c-u-m-b-e-r a as cool is @timkaine Staff: day another play to lives boss our so here, out you're strikes two It's "veterinarian". word first misspells @timkaine Staff: Independence of Declaration the theme: round's Next 4. lawmakers and 6 Journalists one. round of end Staff: it! nails "accustomed". Word now! up @timkaine Staff: @yochidreazen @David_Kerley @agreilingkeane @timkaine heated getting is of round First @ScrippsBee: RT haste! with and right, it spells he and "barbarous" word the draws @RepDonBeyer friend @timkaine's and Staff: intended Pun excitement. with buzzing is crowd this Staff: the at Hogwarts than spells more Officially standing. still is boss the and three Round Staff: off! it start to correctly "pedestrians" spells @timkaine and is theme three's round Staff: @timkaine boss our including left, lawmakers 5 remain, journalists 7 4. round of start the at up heating is the Staff: t's! two have should it opinion, our In "Connecticuter." after out is @timkaine Staff: @RepDonBeyer! friend my to title the along pass to excited Very htt… year next rematch a for hoping Certainly . the in you beat still I trash-talking, that all after - @timkaine @RepBradAshford: RT safe personnel embassy US keep to facility training proper a building in time more any waste shouldn't We Virginia in impact the on speak &amp; of supporter passionate a I'm why share me letting for @AHIPCoverage to Thanks care health affordable to access increase to it expand must Virginia families. to security health provides around life his turn inmate an helped jail Richmond a in program fatherhood a how on story Touching better system justice criminal our making in step big a is recidivism Reducing rehabilitation. and recovery on focus must policies Hall. Wilson at 5:30 at today @JMUSports to GameDay welcome Come @CollegeGameDay: RT ? or Corso? be, it will head mascot Which Commonwealth! the in CFB for day Big @CollegeGameDay! Harrisonburg, to Welcome today! @HillaryClinton to birthday happy a Wishing races! House and Senate state for morning this Richmond in ballot vote early my Cast Richmond! en estatales legislativas elecciones las en anticipado voto mi Emití diplomacy toward look to seal Presidential the changed Truman Harry since yrs 70 commemorate to floor the to Headed decisions of implementation delayed of b/c couples same-sex penalize to not @SocialSecurity asked we Today ET 4:30pm at Q&amp;A Facebook a for tomorrow me join can you Hope me? for question a Got fighting keep and strong Stay @JesseFFerguson. own VA’s by inspired be to Continue relief sequester of years two provide &amp; crisis debt a avoid to deal bipartisan a reached @WhiteHouse the &amp; negotiators congressional Pleased future the for plan better community defense the &amp; businesses helping while families Virginia's to certainty provides Deal @JoAnn_Jenkins with &amp; discuss to down Sat here: question a Post Q&amp;A! a hosting ET 4:30pm at page Facebook my on be I'll here: conversation the Join start. to about is Q&amp;A Facebook @ussoccer_wnt nutrition child of importance on speak to @alikrieger native VA &amp; champ Cup w/World Standing @lucymsullivan @alikrieger @TimKaine Collins, Susan Senator Champions to you thank Huge @ThousandDays: RT our improving towards step first important an represents which bill, the of support in overwhelmingly voted Senate Champion Cup World distinction: this with leave will who leader record-breaking A @AbbyWambach! for career a What deficit the reduce &amp; businesses- small are which of many exporters- US for playing-field the level helps It . reauthorize should Senate @Royals! 's now say to have I all So City. Kansas outside up Grew you! meet to honor an was it ;) vote my have You support! your all for you Thank @alikrieger: RT sale gun any before check record background completed a requiring bill a Announcing sales gun on periods waiting longer support I be. will people safer the have, we system check records background better The checks background improving &amp; loophole show gun the closing by avoided be can tragedies violence gun More on agree can Americans that pieces critical are steps These solution. comprehensive a needs violence gun of Epidemic must We . study @CAPgunsandcrime new the Read accidents car in than gunfire by annually killed are people more where states 17 of one is VA study: @CAPgunsandcrime From crime in used and state of out exported guns of number highest the with states among 3rd ranks VA @CAPgunsandcrime: from More crowd home the for victory the with away came @Royals my Glad night! last the in 1 Game wild a What veterans: our helping he's how Learn ! 10 Top a named was who Charlottesville, of Gobin, Sean to Congrats here: visiting by Year the of "Hero be to Sean for Vote store! in what's see to excited - now City Crystal to Headed deserve they certainty the businesses VA give &amp; same the do to Senate the for time it's Now budget. year 2 bipartisan a passed House Pleased @Royals! go Let's ! to go to wins more two and down Two that need We done. business nation's get to compromise to deal-willingness Murray-Ryan on w/him working Enjoyed @SpeakerRyan. to Congrats PWFA pass Let's working. continue to accommodation need and are who women with stand I PWFA! passing by Saturday this ago yrs 37 passed Act, Discrimination Pregnancy the of legacy the honor can Congress FARC las y Colombiano gobierno el entre negociaciones recientes las sobre hablar para Pinzón Emb. el con reuní Me production bomber in legacy its continuing on Company VA this to Congrats today. @northropgrumman from Bush Wes with speaking Enjoyed Syria: to forces operations special of deployment the on statement my Read budgeting crisis-to-crisis of cycle break &amp; certainty economic increase will that deal budget bipartisan a pass to together came we Happy war this on vote to needs Congress why &amp; to forces US of deployment discuss to 8:10AM at tomorrow @nprscottsimon joining to fwd Look to forces US of deployment announced the on @nprscottsimon w/ discussion my for now @NPRWeekend to in Tune know? you anyone Resemble Halloween! Happy him. miss deeply We'll competitor. fierce a was and mind brilliant a had He friend. great a was Burke George 1985! since first their winning on @Royals the to Congratulations champs! World Week! Business Small Veterans National during Virginia in events &amp; businesses veteran-owned out Check programs reentry improving by track right the on stay ex-offenders helping to focus its shift must The w/@POTUS. Agree step this for @POTUS Applaud employment. seeking those for barrier unreasonable an removes jobs federal for box the Banning values American upholds &amp; smart fiscally needed, is clear: been has roundtables recent my from message Richmond, to Norfolk From 7:00pm until open are Polls today. and heard voice your Make Virginians! Hey 7pm las hasta abiertas están locales Los . y hoy voz su Expresen Virginia! de Residentes breaks. ever check spell your if open always is door My ! @POTUS Thanks @RepDonBeyer: RT : sign Fabrics' River Dan of 'Home iconic for uses innovative find to effort Danville's on story Great Week Apprenticeship National recognizing resolution Senate a Introduced week this how highlight I'll jobs. in-demand for skillsets with workers equip &amp; economy the grow can Apprenticeships : economy century 21st the grow help will funding federal This @ValleyWDB. for news Great can you if in Tune . Congressional a for need &amp; discuss to ET 6:05pm at today @CNNSitRoom joining be I'll schemes predatory from inmates protect &amp; cards prison prepaid of impact at look to @CFPB urging are I &amp; .@MarkWarner expand: to continues ISIL against war as an of importance discuss to yesterday @CNNSitRoom Joined ICYMI: @ThrillistDC via gems hidden Virginia's of some out Check https:/… occupations. 1,000 than more in nationwide apprenticeships registered 400K+ are There FACT: @IECChesapeake: RT CSPAN2 to Tune deaths. overdose opioid fight help would that bill a Act, Lives Saves Co-prescribing the introduce to floor the to Headed America: and Virginia in epidemic abuse opioid the of scope The overdose opioid an of effects the reversing by lives saves Naloxone More: prescriptions. opioid alongside naloxone co-prescribe to doctors encouraging by lives save help would bill My naloxone: to access increasing by deaths overdose opioid fight me help that bill my on speech floor my Watch ICYMI: @chuckt… join @costareports @kathleenparker @GovernorPataki @Kasparov63 @timkaine @JimMiklaszewski → to hour One @meetthepress: RT to deployed are forces US as ISIL against an debate to need pressing about talk to soon @MSNBC on @chucktodd Joining next… me join He'll . against action military for approval new get to Obama President pushing is @timkaine Sen. Virginia @chucktodd: RT too! excited, We’re @sethmeyers. Thanks, @Sweetbriaredu: RT war the on vote &amp; debate a troops the owe We ISIL. against AUMF an for calling House the in colleagues of effort bipartisan support Strongly greatly expanded has that mission a of scope the define must We SFRC. the in up AUMF an take to colleagues Senate my urge to continue Will today than tomorrow cleaner future energy America’s make help will that choices make must We . on call right the made .@POTUS risk serious most the at Roads Hampton of community putting is flooding recurrent &amp; rise level Sea real. are VA in of Effects wrong them proving definitely possible, wasn't support bipartisan said who those For @mollymotoole here! trees Virginia grown locally find can you where out Check tree? Christmas perfect the for Looking https://t… here: know us Let campus? on planned something have you Do Action! of Week the It's @ItsOnUs: RT at movement the Join action. of week the for @GenProgress &amp; @WhiteHouse the with Standing assault sexual campus prevent help can help for go to where &amp; behavior relationship safe consent, on students Educating visit: Netanyahu's PM during w/Israel Understanding of Memorandum strengthened a prioritize to Obama Pres. Asked https://t… deaths overdose opioid fight to bill bipartisan a Act, Lives Saves Co-prescribing the intro to @timkaine w/ Joined @SenCapito: RT https:/… locally. overdoses opiate from died have people 75 about 2014, In overdoses. heroin stem to aims bill .@timkaine @NewsInTheBurg: RT : for activities special holding and fees parking waiving are parks State Virginians! Hey in tune can you Hope ISIL. vs AUMF an on vote &amp; debate a for push bipartisan my discuss to @foxandfriends join to About soon @Morning_Joe from crew the with Live ISIL. vs AUMF an approving by job solemn most its do to Congress for pushing I'm community the affects , by caused rise, level sea how at look first-hand a getting today Roads Hampton in is .@JohnKerry to risk greatest at communities the of one is base, Naval largest world's the to home Roads, Hampton leadership our on depend Roads Hampton like Communities now. act must we , of effects worst the prevent to want we If comunidad nuestra afectan el y mar del nivel del aumento el como persona en ver para hoy Roads Hampton en está @JohnKerry el por afectadas más comunidades las de una es país, nuestro de grande más naval base la de hogar Roads, Hampton liderazgo nuestro de dependen como comunidades ahora actuar Debemos , del resultados peores los prevenir queremos Si safe us keeping &amp; serving for you Thank @USMC! the proud, the and few the to birthday 240th Happy veterans: female of stories untold preserving native Norfolk a on eve this on article @PilotNews Great &amp; war declaring to indifference Congress' on Speaking Institute. Sorensen @UVA's by hosted panel a join to Arlington to Headed @calabresim cc: tonight silence Congress' with concerned I'm why share I'll Congress. of vote a without war a of 16 month in be shouldn't We veterans nation's our of all to you Thank free. &amp; safe country our keep to sacrificed have who those to tribute pay we , this On Leesburg in Center International Marshall George the at families their &amp; veterans to speak to Honored https:/… yr. last in veterans 1400+ housed - homelessness veteran end functionally to nation in state first VA announces Gov @GovernorVA: RT love: wartime his with reconnecting veteran Beach Virginia WWII a about @PilotNews from story touching a What economy energy clean a build to move we as communities coal America's revitalize to plan @HillaryClinton's Applaud future energy cleaner a in place a have communities coal Virginia’s ensuring to essential is programs CTE &amp; R&amp;D coal clean in Investing work his by enlightened &amp; surprised being miss I’ll pen. a up take to ever journalists humane &amp; inquisitive most the of one is McKelway Bill tonight France of people the to out goes heart My Paris. in unfolding situation by Horrified Attacks: the to response the on thoughts my &amp; discuss to @1140WRVA on Jimmy Joining soon @MSNBC on @mitchellreports Joining . an with war declare formally must Congress globe, the across metastasizes threat ISIL As ISIL vs an on act formally to is the of face the in resolve demonstrate to the for ways best the of One ISIL: vs an on vote &amp; debate to support bipartisan for urge to w/@JeffFlake speak to now floor the to Headed terrorism against fight global the in adversaries and allies our both to strength shows &amp; war declares formally ISIL vs An more: Learn together. families struggling keep &amp; homelessness youth prevent help to bill a Introduced together families keep help will that bill a supporting for @SenBrianSchatz &amp; @PattyMurray @SenatorCollins to you Thank care foster of out transitioning children of needs the meeting we’re ensures &amp; homelessness youth reduces bill Our the support I why That's planet. &amp; economy our for good is today than tomorrow cleaner is production energy our Ensuring ISIS" on silent too been has "Congress Flake: and Kaine Senators @TIME: RT violence: amidst resolve US shows ISIL vs an passing how on op-ed @TIME this pen to w/@JeffFlake up Teamed @JeffFlake: cc: ISIL against war this debate to people American &amp; troops the to it owe We exploration space to contributor major &amp; Langley @NASA for trailblazer A Freedom! of Medal Presidential the on Johnson Katherine to Congrats here: on statement full my Read now! in Tune @Morning_Joe. on push bipartisan our discuss to @JeffFlake w/ office the at morning Early @JeffFlake and @timkaine Coming @Morning_Joe: RT attacks tragic the of wake the in ISIL against war the discuss to 7:15AM at @ABC7GMW joining be I'll here: in Tune . on position my &amp; ISIL to response US on @jfradioshow with Talking here: interview our Watch @Morning_Joe. on proposal bipartisan our discussed I &amp; @JeffFlake ICYMI: here: help can you how out Find year. 3rd its in now , for drive coat &amp; blanket Arlington's Applaud award! year the of teacher @ACTFL's for finalist a who's Bronstein, Leni Ms. @WilliamsburgAdm's Arlington's to luck Good here: help can you how out Find year. 3rd its in now , for drive coat &amp; blanket VA Northern Applaud committed we're that allies &amp; troops our them, to message a send to ISIL vs an pass swiftly should Congress right. is .@HillaryClinton WWII since crisis humanitarian worst address to effort Aids Syria. in zone no-fly for call w/@HillaryClinton's Agree authorization: war on vote to Congress for need the underscore attacks the why explain to @ABC7GMW joined I ISIL vs war the authorize &amp; together come to Congress for take will it what about talk to shortly @FoxNews on @TeamCavuto with Live today: questions taking I'm @Quora! joining be to Excited today! Capitol the at look first-hand a getting class government School's High George King see to Great @UVAMenSoccer @RadfordMSOC @VT_WSoccer @TribeWSoccer @UVAWSoccer championship! soccer @NCAA the in teams VA all to luck Good refugees? Syrian accept US the Should to answer @Quora My Senator? a being to compare Governor a being does How to answer @Quora My Act? Powers War the with wrong What's to answer @Quora My working? strategy the Is ISIS? fighting for strategy current our is What to answer @Quora My war? ISIL the on vote to afraid Congress is Why to answer @Quora My war? illegal an represent ISIS against actions military president's the Do to answer @Quora My happen? attack France the did Why to answer @Quora My Webb? Jim from mantle the up picking was How to answer @Quora My senators? favorite your are Who to answer @Quora My Warner? Mark with relationship your is How to answer @Quora My Why? support? you do candidate presidential 2016 Which to answer @Quora My programs these defend &amp; support to Proud whole. a as country our strengthen &amp; together families keep &amp; @ChrisMurphyCT &amp; @SenJohnBarrasso colleagues Cmte Relations Foreign Senate w/my @HFXforum the for wknd this Halifax in be to Great ! @VT_Football = Beamer Frank Alzheimer's fighting to critical is resources care to access &amp; research Increasing earlier. members W/@ALZ_GRVA Cmte Aging the on work my on discussion a &amp; lunch for Richmond in Community Retirement Place Guardian the by Stopped @PilotOpinion cc: abroad violence amidst resolve show will that ISIL vs long-overdue a for fight to Proud Thanksgiving! happy very a abroad and home at everyone Wishing crisis historic address to effort global coordinate better can @USAID, head to confirmed finally Smith Gayle With seat her up give to refusing by injustice fought Parks Rosa leader rights civil since years 60 recognize to Proud @RTDNEWS cc: James the on him with paddling/singing &amp; work his miss Will Commonwealth. our of treasures natural the showcased Springston Rex programs training CTE for advocate to continue I'll workers, skilled of generation next the for look shipyards VA As violence dating &amp; assault sexual prevent to behavior relationship safe teaching of importance recognize to chose cmte conf Pleased bill: final the in included provisions relationship safe &amp; my &amp; on statement full my Read future our &amp; VA for important so is summit the why &amp; on post @Medium latest My today Torres Carlos nominee Director w/Deputy Met abroad. lives countless in difference a made have @PeaceCorps The today Sasae Ambassador with relations US-Japanese Discussed rise level sea &amp; issues higher-education discuss to today Reveley Pres. w/@williamandmary Met @MarkWarner cc: payments compensation w/state victims eugenics assist to bill our passed &amp; action impt took Senate yesterday: speech floor my from More enemy. our is ISIL States, United the of enemy the not are leadership &amp; policy foreign issues, military on Skype to @JMU from w/Cadets early up was I fashion, ROTC true In some just Here’s services. preventative critical, many provides Parenthood Planned lifetime. her in care for center health Parenthood Planned a on relied has women 5 in 1 Approximately families their &amp; veterans for work her for Freedom of Medal Presidential a received recently who Carroll, Bonnie Hamilton's to Congrats suspects the find to working enforcement law in those &amp; victims to out goes heart My senseless. beyond is Bernardino San in shooting Today's here: in Tune shortly. @WTOP with on be I'll @MSNBC to Tune shortly. @Morning_Joe Joining discuss to @Morning_Joe joined I America? in violence gun to bystanders being stop to ready Congress of Members Are an on voting &amp; debating by Parliament UK the of lead the follow to needs Congress war, into months 17 Nearly eliminated be to barrier this for Time women. to positions combat all open to decision @DeptofDefense of supportive Very support bipartisan of lack by Disappointed explosives. &amp; guns purchasing from watchlist terror on those prevent to measure a for voted Just bill 5-yr a of certainty the &amp; transportation in investments - years in had hasn't America something provide will Act FAST The oversight &amp; safety WMATA strengthening like Act, FAST the in included were for pushed I and @MarkWarner amdts Pleased companies Virginia of array vast a benefits which @EximBankUS, the of reauthorization overdue the applaud Also sobre opinión mi Lee climático. cambio el solucionar para juntos actuar que Tenemos Virginia in growth economic fuel help can government federal the how on the Addressed here: take @nytimes the Read commonsense. just is magazines capacity high Restricting nation! the and Virginia across celebrating everyone to Happy ISIL against fight the to committed and united are people American the demonstrate would an stated, @POTUS As agenda legislative the of top the to ISIL-specific an of consideration move should leaders Senate and House war authorize to duty constitutional its and threat ISIL ignore longer no can Congress that demonstrate weeks recent of events The ISIL against resolve in unified are we that public the &amp; troops allies, our shows It . an on vote &amp; debate finally to needs Congress here: address President's the on statement full my Read … overdue long is intro'd I &amp; @timkaine proposal bipartisan the like against an of passage and Debate @JeffFlake: RT authorizations existing of scope legal and intent the beyond well goes war this believe I @patrickgmfox5dc WWII in country our defend to duty of call the answered who those of sacrifice the honor we , on attacks the after years 74 workers veteran attracting at success Valley's the discussed and morning this Harrisonburg of Jones Mayor with Met @Space_Station the to cargo crucial deliver will which , of launch Successful night. last @OrbitalATK by work Nice abuse opioid prevent to strategies discuss to Winchester in professionals health &amp; enforcement law with down Sat sciences: computer emphasizing by workforce century 21st the for students preparing are counties surrounding &amp; nation a as for stand we everything against goes &amp; disgraceful is religion of basis the on country our entering from anyone banning of Talk the in refugees vilify to attempts latest the to respond to tomorrow @SenatorLeahy &amp; @SenatorDurbin leaders, faith joining be to Proud refugiados los de denigración la a responder para Capitolio el en @SenatorLeahy y @SenatorDurbin fe, de líderes con unirme de Orgulloso policies refugee compassionate for call to @SenatorLeahy &amp; @SenatorDurbin leaders, w/faith Standing values US to contrary rhetoric dangerous is refugees Vilifying ISIL. enemy: an have We US. the of enemy the aren't Refugees life better a for looking &amp; WWII since crisis humanitarian worst world's the fleeing refugees to doors its shut cannot US CTE strengthen &amp; behavior relationship safe teach to provisions my includes which , for support my about talk to floor the to Headed campuses college our off &amp; on assault sexual prevent help to funding federal use to able be will schools , of passage With opportunities learning hands-on &amp; work-based through workforce the for prepare to students for pathway a is CTE support to proud I'm compromise bipartisan a into put they've work hard the for staffs their &amp; @SenAlexander @PattyMurray, you Thank it for vote to proud I'm &amp; gaps achievement close help will success. economic &amp; success individual to key is Education this on members delegation w/VA work to Proud Squadron. Ops Cyber a for Langley-Eustis Base Joint chosen has @AirNatlGuard news! Great bigotry &amp; hate against up stand always must We slavery. of abolition the and the of anniversary 150th the celebrate we Today today House the in ISIL against our of version companion a introduce they as @PeterWelch &amp; @RepScottRigell join will I &amp; .@JeffFlake : will bill the how Here’s law! into signed just .@POTUS @JeffFlake cc: ISIL vs our of version companion introduce they as @PeterWelch &amp; w/@RepScottRigell Standing up! @'re @SenatorBaldwin, @senrobportman, members Caucus CTE Senate Hey VA impact will Act FAST the how discuss to week this VA Dublin, from employees @VolvoGroupNA with meeting Great Santa! forward, it paying for Thanks . in initiative season holiday Great full in agreement the reviewing to forward Look deal. a reaching on world the around from at leaders Applaud Senate the in an pass to efforts bipartisan my discuss to in-studio soon @Morning_Joe Joining ISIL against authorization war Congressional of importance the about talk to @NewDay CNN with in-studio Live here speech my Stream Congress. in bipartisan a pass to efforts my discuss to 1PM at @CFR_org Joining policy East Middle &amp; relations foreign US on talk thoughtful a for me hosting for @JujuChangABC &amp; @CFR_org to Thanks VA! to back championships country cross national the bringing on Kelati Weini &amp; Hunter Andrew Virginians to Congrats today: 2016. in starting coverage care health for season open for day last the is Today 2016. el para médica cobertura de plan tu cambiar o inscribirte para día último el es Hoy soldiers Sikh practicing for needed is policy in shift larger a but Singh, Capt. for made was exception that Pleased military: our in serving from Sikhs practicing preventing policy its change to @DeptofDefense urged I week Last ISIL vs authorization war &amp; measures safety gun commonsense discuss to @Morning_Joe with in-studio live was I ICYMI: discuss: to @NewDay Joined it. authorize finally to Congress for time past it's ISIL, vs war into months 17 Over here: in Tune today! later School Walker-Grant the to trip my discuss to Fredericksburg @933WFLS Joining @MarkWarner! years, 35 of friend my to birthday Happy today me hosting for Fredericksburg in School Walker-Grant to Thanks VA! across programs Pre-K great visiting love I Fredericksburg in one this like programs, childhood early high-quality to access expand &amp; improve will 'Silence' and War' Crimean 'The 'Showdown', on thoughts my Shared 2015. What Read Who @WSJ's out Check responsibility Congress' is this right, He's today. ISIL new a for need the on in weighed @SpeakerRyan Glad … Works VA! Fredericksburg, in Grant Walker visiting @timkaine Senator Virginia @NatlHeadStart: RT @MarkWarner cc: districts Western &amp; Eastern VA's for Attorneys US as Fishwick John &amp; Boente Dana confirmed unanimously Senate the Pleased them defeat to strategy the of component key a is ISIL against an passing why discuss to @WHRO on Lewis w/Cathy HearSay join to About approach right the is terrorism home-grown defeat to plan @HillaryClinton's why &amp; the discuss to soon @RobertsMSNBC Joining VA in students college low-income 7,800 to critical is which Program, the reauthorized Senate the Pleased predictability &amp; certainty financial provide also They families. VA for manageable debt loan student keep help degree college a earning of dreams lifelong fulfill students low-income of thousands helped have one right the is terrorism home-grown fighting to approach @HillaryClinton's why &amp; yesterday's discuss to @hardball join to About costs drug prescription lower to efforts increase to Administration the pressing others and @MarkWarner Joining government and families for budgets squeezing are costs Rising costs. drug down bring and pricing drug on transparency improve must We sailors! back, Welcome isolate than rather engage must We embargo. the lifting on work should Congress , with detente historic since year A readiness and maintenance operations, military's our for priorities top other &amp; shipbuilders VA's in invests provisions tax various through meet ends make to trying families low-income to middle- to hand helping a lends also training security personnel diplomatic provide to need the of recognition is which Pickett, Fort at FASTC a for funding has year! new the in cooperation bipartisan more inspire will the of passage that Hopeful caregiving improve &amp; funding research increase we if 2025 by Alzheimer's treating &amp; preventing towards move can We w/@HillaryClinton. Agree cure a find to goal @HillaryClinton's support and Alzheimer's by impacted been have who VA in families with met I've Alzheimer's on take to time our is Now research. scientific to committing by disease of threats the to responded have we history, Throughout Alzheimer's of burden the ease help to caregiving improve and treatments new find can we stakeholders, key other &amp; @NIH the with working By family's! Kaine the including cards, holiday Senators' of collection @nytimes the out Check VA! of behalf on together work our of Proud community. his on mark strong a made has @RepRobertHurt Congress, to Council Town Chatham From Christmas! merry a everyone wishing yours, to family my From years. 28 fantastic a for Beamer Coach to Thanks tonight! victory a out pulled @VT_Football Glad cyberattacks from US the defend to step critical A for. calling been I've something policy, deterrence cyber a released @WhiteHouse the Glad policy: deterrence cyber Administration's the on more Here's 2016 for wishes Best Year! New Happy to announced @POTUS actions the support strongly I why That's violence. gun of pain &amp; tragedy the well too all knows VA help to do will actions executive President's the what Here's tonight @GeorgeMasonU VA's at - opponents and supporters from - to efforts his on questions answering for @POTUS Applaud and need, we reform gun common-sense the supports who president for race this in person one only is There communities w/Muslim of importance about leaders faith &amp; Communities Inclusive for Center Virginia the to in Spoke yrs great 2 on Congrats forward! VA moved have @LGRalphNortham &amp; @MarkHerringVA @GovernorVA , helping to jobs creating From @WTOP on story Amazing heroic. Heffelmire: Charlotte Vienna's of actions the describe to word one only There's reliability &amp; safety in trust restore fully to left is work hard more But progress. seen we've incident, 's since year A process: peace Israeli-Palestinian &amp; ISIL vs fight the on focused East Middle the to trip a from returned Recently unjustified &amp; savage is innocents of slaughter continued The yesterday. Iraq and today in attacks suicide of wave the by Saddened objectives despicable their pursue to terror use who those defeat to pursuit the in waiver not will &amp; allies our with firmly stands The advocate powerful &amp; force task abuse drug VA's of member a Alexandria, of Flattery Don is the for guest My it stop to action take and epidemic opioid the of awareness raise can we that hopeful I’m &amp; guest my as Don welcome to Honored people 47,000 than more ,killing 2014 in levels record hit deaths overdose opioid @CDCgov, the to According year this epidemic opioid the address to efforts his on build to plans @POTUS how hear to Hoping higher reach to us challenged and years seven past the over made has country our progress significant the on reflected @POTUS Tonight, ISIL vs war the authorizing &amp; debating without by go year another let cannot Congress . an for call @POTUS's Appreciate epidemic this by hurt communities up lift to together come Let's lines. party across cuts addiction opioid of scourge the noted, @POTUS As in! Tune . powerful night's last to reaction my discuss to 7:15am at @ABC7GMW Joining … Senate. Virginia the to access media limiting for justification no right: exactly is .@LGRalphNortham @MarkWarner: RT deserve &amp; need they care the get can they so veterans Navy Water Blue on burdens unnecessary remove to VA the Urging America! and Virginia across communities in had have Korean-Americans impact the honor we , On @ArlingtonNatl in rights burial - WASPs or - Pilots Service Force Air Women give to effort an in @SenJoniErnst &amp; @SenatorBarb join to Proud a build will workforce strong a developing &amp; education K-12 for funding Increasing . the in vision @GovernorVA's Applaud together. working miss I’ll ground. common find to anyone with working &amp; right what's doing on focused always has .@RepScottRigell woman! "nature"-al a What issues. conservation and lands public discuss to @Carole_King meet to Great @OrbitalATK! and Commonwealth the for news Game-changing @NASA_Wallops at facilities launch space VA's for future bright a ensure &amp; economy Shore's Eastern the strengthen will contract .@OrbitalATK search. its continues Guard Coast the as best the for Hoping morning. this Hawaii of out coming news Sad achieve can diplomacy strong what of evidence and security international for day good a is Today home come finally can others and Rezaian Jason reporter @washingtonpost that happy Especially implementation strict on insisting unite, to deal the of critics &amp; supporters for Time . nuclear a of threat reduced vastly a face We agreements: international of violations for sanctions, including consequences, face will that sign Important JCPOA the implement we as even unpunished, go not will programs arms &amp; terrorism for support &amp; violations rights human tests, missile Iran’s justice &amp; equality of advancement the of pursuit and change social peaceful of legacy his King, Dr. of life the celebrate we Today, Richmond in Capitol State the at Action" of Day "King the for 1pm at organizations and leaders rights civil Virginia join to Excited leaders rights civil local with Richmond in and , Talking communities &amp; businesses schools, b/t partnerships grow &amp; CTE through jobs for students prepare will today announced program work! Great . for yesterday Doodle @Google's designed @richiepope graduate @VCU and native VA today! visited who Co. William Prince &amp; Alexandria in those like families, help to work @JackandJillInc’s Appreciate corruption fight to @OAS_official with agreement historic a signed who @JuanOrlandoH, Pres. Honduran to Congrats Act Enemies Foreign Against Security the oppose I ISIL. it's refugees, not it's enemy-but foreign our on debate a need We atrocities humanitarian fleeing refugees not ISIL, - enemy real our versus war declare to vote &amp; debate a for press to colleagues my Urge up? step Congress will when war, into months 18 Nearly begun. hasn't ISIL on debate the notes, @IgnatiusPost As refugees not enemy, our as ISIL declare formally to colleagues my urging today floor Senate the on spoke I ICYMI: town to way its makes weather wintery and icy as tonight safe stay commuters area metro and VA Hoping Secretary @USArmy next the be to Fanning Eric of nomination the on hearing Committee Services Armed an to Headed Secretary @USArmy next our be to experienced &amp; qualified Tremendously nomination. Fanning's Eric support to Proud issue critical this on support the for you Thank compassion. our deserve atrocities unspeakable fleeing Refugees Roads Hampton in stakeholders of work hard the to testament A rise! level sea address to funding federal in $120M receives VA @RepScottRigell &amp; @repbobbyscott @MarkWarner @GovernorVA w/ along funding this for advocate to work my of Proud safe! be &amp; warm Stay in. moves weather wintry as resources &amp; efforts response Commonwealth's the on up-to-date Stay at: app Virginia Ready free the download information, more For at: conditions road on updates for app 511 VDOT free the download can You Wade v. Roe weaken to efforts oppose I decisions. reproductive woman's a criminalize or restrict never should We choose to right woman's a protecting to pay equal from rights, women's for fought always has .@HillaryClinton weather inclement from safe cars keep to 9:30am at Monday until free for garages parking its opening is Metro District: the in Virginians foods fresh local, to access improve to initiative federal the in participate to selected was Christiansburg here Watch colleagues. other &amp; w/@chriscoons enforcement discuss to floor Senate the to Heading @POLITICOMag cc: past) of mistakes avoiding (and activity nuclear Iranian any detecting to key = inspections IAEA guns their of use negligent on lawsuits from shield liability federal a – gift unprecedented an manufacturers gun gave Congress ago, yrs 10 meet must industries American other that accountability of standard same the meet to manufacturers gun for time It's safety public for disregard &amp; negligence for accountable manufacturers gun holds that bill a intro to @ChrisMurphyCT &amp; @SenBlumenthal Joined afternoon! this @LynnhavenMiddle @vbschools' at graders 8th with chat Skype Fantastic debt loan student with dealing colleges &amp; universities VA at leaders student from heard I &amp; .@MarkWarner Congrats! Year. the of Coach School High @NFL named was Burnett Michael coach football HS Tuscarora .@LCPSOfficial's advance to steps new taking he's Act, Pay Fair Ledbetter Lilly the signed @POTUS after years 7 women for for time It's Americans older among abuse opioid address can policy federal how on Leesburg in hearing field @SenateAging a Held people young impact solely not does crisis This 55-64. is opioids prescription to due deaths overdose of rate growing fastest with group Age epidemic this address to VA in work their &amp; abuse opioid on testimonies informational the for hearing today's at witnesses the thank to Want US the impact positively to made have Americans African contributions the of reminded be to time a , of start the is Today today! Anne, @VASecofEdu, hardworking and wife beautiful my to birthday happy very a Wishing http… testimony! my offer to Glad Virginians. older among including abuse, drug heroin/Rx about discussion hometown Great @MarkHerringVA: RT https://t.… death? of cause for odds your about Curious resource. fantastic a as Facts Injury NSC out calls @timkaine Senator @NSCsafety: RT https://t.… visit abuse, rx on information and tools NSC more For hearing! Senate morning’s this for us joining for you Thank @NSCsafety: RT requirement permit carry concealed VA's protect &amp; SB48 defeat to vote tie-breaking casting for @LGRalphNortham Bravo same the receive can waiting also tribes VA six the Hoping recognition! federal receiving finally are Pamunkey The here: live watch can You women. to units combat ground all opening on hearing Services Armed a to Headed need they help the get people ensure must We epidemic. abuse heroin &amp; opioid the address to funding new in $ of proposal @POTUS Applaud scourge this address that solutions finding on focused I'm Virginia. of region &amp; code zip last every affects epidemic opioid The America in epidemic abuse opioid the address would proposal budget @POTUS's how Here's efficient more production energy making by Challenge Water @statoilasa / @generalelectric winning on Micronic County's Wise to Congrats it run to able be not would they physically that belief a was There 1984. until Olympics the in marathon the run to allowed not were Women history Olympic of most during marathon men's the in gold won would've That mins. 15 hrs 2 is marathon a running for record women's the Now, units combat all integrates fully military the as again it do will They history. throughout wrong wisdom conventional proved have Women aspirations service their on cap a be should there women tell can't we but meet, must servicemembers that standards tough have should We ops &amp; units combat all into integration gender on hearing Committee Services Armed today's at remarks my from More más: Lee ayuda. ofrecer para miércoles el Harrisonburg en Kaine con Conéctate de bilingüe sesión una tendrá staff Mi more: Read help. offer to Wednesday on Harrisonburg in session Connects Kaine bilingual a hold will staff My are who students help must We debt. loan student on story your sharing for thanks &amp; you meeting Nice Muslim-Americans towards rhetoric hateful the against out speak @POTUS Watch nation our of foundation the freedom religious -made Jefferson Thomas like - fathers founding our , first his at said @POTUS As nation loving &amp; tolerant a are We differently. them treat to proposals rejecting by Americans Muslim vilifying stop must We behavior relationship safe teaching by assault sexual prevent help to Act Relationships Safe Teach the introduced I ago, year 1 assault sexual &amp; violence dating prevent help can we earlier, students reaching By provisions. Safe' 'Teach important included Glad off! payed has work hard The intent. of letters their signed who athletes student school high Virginia the to Congrats debt loan student on story her shares native, &amp; student @GeorgeMasonU @realwizkaliaa, ICYMI: live: it Watch Breakfast. Prayer National the at arrived Just Pickett Ft. at Center Training Security Affairs Foreign a for groundbreaking the @GovernorVA &amp; delegation VA the with announce to Excited VA: for mean will Center Training Security Affairs Foreign new the what on @RTDNEWS the from More the address to plan action an releasing for @US_FDA the Commend addictions their overcome to need they help the people get must We plan. action the implements @US_FDA the how seeing to forward Looking School! Cathedral More Thomas St. Arlington's for through pull can crew @Space_Station the &amp; @NASA Hoping spread counter &amp; outbreak control to funding increase to @POTUS -urged the to response robust a support I Virginia and the in spread the prevent &amp; abroad the of impact the mitigate help will now action Taking … Congress! on stranglehold lobby's gun the break &amp; to fight the lead helping is @TimKaine @Bradybuzz: RT workforce century 21st the for students prepares CTE how discuss to Arlington in summit @SkillsCoalition the to Headed here: Register primary. presidential 1st March Virginia's for register to deadline the is Today Regístrate: Marzo. de 1ero el Virginia de primarias elecciones las en votar para registrarte para último el es Hoy here: live Listen @HillaryClinton. for pulling I'm why and the discuss to @WMALDC on be I'll here: Listen @HillaryClinton. for campaigning NH in weekend my discuss to @KissRichmond on Clovia joining I'm @HillaryClinton for support my &amp; primary the discuss to soon in calling I'm today. NH in live is @jfradioshow The 1:30pm! at tomorrow co-chairs Caucus CTE Senate fellow my &amp; employers with briefing the stream can You @actecareertech @senatorisakson @SenatorBaldwin @senrobportman Cc: over-incarceration of policy decades-long a fix to ways discuss to roundtable a to Headed lives people’s in difference real a make can &amp; smart fiscally is sentences drug non-violent back Scaling 1:30pm! at today co-chairs Caucus CTE Senate fellow my &amp; employers with briefing the stream can You today! world the across and Virginia in Catholics to Lent to start happy a and blessed a Wishing here: live Watch workforce. century 21st the and CTE on leaders edu and w/businesses briefing a to Heading here: it Read future. our of workforce the for vital is CTE unanimously! Senate the passed res that Proud workforce century 21st the in jobs high-skill for students prepare can programs CTE why Here's ! It's @actecareertech @SkillsCoalition programs training job short-term include to Grants Pell expand Let's @CTEworks @actecareertech programs CTE short-term for loans federal use to students allow should We @MGForumSTW @CTEworks @nassp @actecareertech exploration career to students school middle lead can CTE @CTEWorks @aftteach @all4ed @actecareertech programs! residency w/teacher curriculum CTE good create Let's colleges 2yr 1,700 schools&amp; public 1,300 nearly through state every covering CTE, in enrolled are students million 14 approx FACT: all… for about word the spreading for partners our to thanks huge - today DC in trending is that Heard @CTEMedia: RT skills employability with curriculum academic their integrates &amp; learning applied through skills real-world students gives CTE competitiveness economic continued nation's our to critical be will programs CTE to access strengthening &amp; awareness Greater @fcpsnews cc: afternoon! this Capitol the at Hornets @HerndonHS the of some see to got I Glad threat growing the confront to needed tools the have must @POTUS bill. sanctions bipartisan the for Voted allies and the to threat significant a pose &amp; resolutions Council Security @UN numerous violate by provocations Recent Alexandria! in tonight headquarters VA Northern @HillaryClinton's open help to Excited https:/… history American Afr. of yrs 400 recognize @repbobbyscott @MarkWarner @timkaine @GKButterfield , @OfficialCBC: RT 1619 since America, in Africans of contributions resilience, the recognizing bill our on Speaking history American African of yrs 400 recognize to commission a for push my about talk to 6:30am at @fox5dc w/ Live in! Tune 7:10. at @WTOP on Joan &amp; Mike Joining here: speech floor my watch can You . against sanctions for support my about spoke I ICYMI: @MPCSVA cc: affordability college discuss to HS Park Manassas from faculty &amp; students with down Sat misuse: and abuse opioid against fight the in lives save help will naloxone to access Increasing @iaeaorg the and Mexico to ambassadors confirm step: Next policy. foreign to important nominees seven confirmed finally Senate the Glad Excellence Teaching for Awards Mann Horace the of recipients amazing honor to buddies VEA with night last time Great justice of notion very the of perversion a is - qualified how matter no - to nominee any block to statement McConnell's Senator here: on statement full my Read using today them of all on facts tweeting be I'll and Presidents, most the to home is Virginia ! Happy delivered ever shortest the is It minutes! two than less was address inaugural second Washington's George War Revolutionary the throughout rode he horses Washington's George of two to names the are Blueskin and Nelson @librarycongress the in now is which France, from recipe a home brought He cream. ice vanilla loved Jefferson Thomas Adams John rival as day same and independence of anniversary 50th the 1826, 4th July on died Jefferson Thomas 5'4'' measuring President, shortest the was Madison James Philadelphia in Congress Continental 1780 the at delegate youngest the also was Madison James War Revolutionary the during Regiment VA 3rd the in enlisting before @williamandmary at student a was Monroe James Monroe James of presidency the during restorations from paint white with painted first was House White The history! in address inaugural longest the giving while coat or hat a wear to not chose Harrison Henry William office in days thirty only at history American in term shortest the served also Harrison Henry William office the the to elected being without president become to VP first the was Tyler John office in while married get to president first the also was Tyler John officer military ambitious as Ready" and Rough “Old nickname the earned Taylor Zachary himself! for 1848 in was president for vote first Taylor's Zachary Chief, in Commander new a against vote to wanting Not Game! Series World a attend to first and doctorate a with president first the was Wilson Wodrow Washington, in buried president only the also is Wilson Woodrow grandson. Yes, Forest Sherwood estate, family on lives still grandson Tyler's @jmartNYT: RT year! last daughter my with it Saw . the at big win presidents) finest VA's of some (feat. @HamiltonMusical see to Nice : Syrian to aid critical provide helping Turkey in delegation VA Northern &amp; @boblazaro from photos Powerful office! Vegas Las East @HillaryClinton's at here group great a to speak to @DoloresHuerta joined I Vegas! Las East en @HillaryClinton de oficina la en excelente gente con hablamos yo y .@doloreshuerta @TheRoot in thoughts My possible. been have wouldn't achievements crowning America’s of some Americans African W/out Act: History American African of Years 400 the pass must Congress why on story @ATLBlackStar the Read Policy relationship renewed our within progress the of sign another is to flights commercial Restoring @KlugeCtr @LibraryCongress Scholar Visiting Distinguished named being for Brooks Peter VA’s to Congrats justly &amp; fairly nominee any consider to obligation an has Senate The nominee a on vote &amp; consider to obligation an have We years. election presidential in justices 17 confirmed has Senate The … nominees” Court Supreme of case the been always has as vote, down or up “an promises McConnell Mitch WATCH: @SenateDems: RT Warner John Sen. Virginia, for statesman incredible and friend my to birthday 89th happy very a Wishing come to generations inspire will and endures work Her lawyer. rights civil a become to me inspired dignity and race of lessons Lee's Harper graduation School Apprentice The @HIIndustries' for address commencement the deliver to Hampton to headed be to Excited https… alive. is Manufacturing American that proof is Shipbuilding News Newport family: and friends grads, tells @TimKaine @HIIndustries: RT @aircraftcarrier cc: Virginia and nation our on mark indelible an left He Washington! George to birthday Happy … issues. about morning this Congress in lawmakers w/ meeting from advocates @DAVHQ: RT @DAVHQ healthcare quality highest timeliest, the deserve They us. protect to sacrificed have veterans our history Throughout veteran: VA a with interview my Watch story! 100,000th the on project history @LibraryCongress to Congrats here: @LibraryCongress the to story your Tell story? your added you have here: it Stream today. Americans older among abuse opioid on hearing a holding is Aging on Committee Special Senate communities affects epidemic the how &amp; Americans older among abuse opioid on recently Leesburg in hearing a Held too Americans older on impact dramatic &amp; particular very a has problem this people, young on centers abuse opioid assume many While Virginia into moves weather severe as precautions necessary taking and safe staying is everyone Hoping honorably Commonwealth the and country his served He Marye. Madison Sen. Shawsville's legend, Virginia a of loss the by saddened Deeply experience vast with pick excellent an is She Congress. of Librarian next the as Hayden Carla nominating for @POTUS Applaud safe Stay visit weather, severe for prepare to how on date to up stay To here: noon at today live conference press nomination the Watch nominee a on vote and hearing a hold to Republicans Senate urging colleagues Democratic with stand to to headed I'm description job the of part It’s nomination. President’s the on consent &amp; advise to duty constitutional &amp; obligation an has Senate Constitution the defend to responsibility of abdication complete a is begins it before process nomination down Shutting ! the in ballot my cast to morning this Richmond in Albert Robert voter first-time Joined today him join to proud was I and @GovernorVA by restored were rights voting Robert's safety &amp; reliability service improve to cars Metro 7000-series newest the need we - right are colleagues House My 2019 in in Congress Astronautical International 70th the host to bid @aiaa's supporting members delegation VA &amp; @GerryConnolly Joining violence gun of epidemic this seriously take to need the underscores Kansas Hesston, in yesterday shooting The order restraining a to subject individuals of hands the of out guns keep would that bill a support I why is This today! wishes birthday kind very the for everyone to you Thank more: Learn resources. educational high-quality with students all provide to to committed has Virginia Virginia! in @HillaryClinton for trail the on Hillary con Latinos join to Proud involved. all and friends family, Guindon's Officer for Praying weekend. the over William Prince in tragedy Horrible today House White the at Honor of Medal the received who Jr. Byers Edward SEAL @USNavy to Congratulations sobre hablar para 8:15 las a AM 1380 Poder Radio a Entronízate VA! en primarias las de día el es Hoy Entonízate! VA. en y @Hillaryclinton por apoyo mi sobre hablar para Nueva La FM con Estoy home! travels Safe ) ; vote? to time in just Earth to returning @StationCDRKelly, Hey, ! a after tonight Earth to return crew the &amp; @StationCDRKelly Watch here: page Facebook her liking by Virginia in @HillaryClinton of track keep can You Budget… Affairs International US the of importance the for case the making on hearing, at @timkaine Sen from shoutout USGLC @USGLC: RT community the in do you work hard the all for you Thank today! @dstinc1913 of members VA w/Delta meeting Fantastic tonight here victory primary a on @HillaryClinton to Congratulations Hillary! for is Virginia in! Tune Virginia. in results the discuss to 8:20pm at @NPR on be I'll VA in rights women's deny to attempts similar Saw health. women's to detrimental be would law shutdown clinic TX Upholding GOP: Senate them? respect else anyone would why noms, on government our of institutions the respect don't Senators US If Suess Dr. - try!" you only if up think can you thinks the Oh, high. think and low think and right think and left "Think @fcpsnews cc: mark to Friday on Fairfax in School Elementary Run Daniels visiting be to Excited tests missiles &amp; nuclear for accountable hold to action unmistakable &amp; strong now Congress, First so! do to colleagues GOP my urging help your need we exactly, thoughts My @lynchburggov cc: Board! Review Valor of Medal the to appointed just was who Johnston, Abbey Lynchburg's to Congrats appointment! presidential deserved Much bravely. community her serves who Department Fire Lynchburg w/the Paramedic &amp; Captain a is Johnston need in most those helping and serving for country the across and Virginia from volunteers the of all to you Thank ! It’s 1961! since served have 7,500 over and @PeaceCorps, the in serving volunteers 250 over has currently Virginia Thailand! &amp; Brazil Republic, Dominican Armenia, Liberia, Romania, in served who today volunteers alumni @PeaceCorps @pcorpsconnect with Met serving for you thank meeting, the from photo a Here’s for graders fourth our to reads @timkaine Senator @DanielsRunES: RT ! mark to Fairfax in @DanielsRunES at graders 4th to Reading program X-plane innovative the on developments continue to funding @DARPA awarded being on Manassas in @AuroraFlightSci to Congrats family. Reagan the to condolences deepest our send I &amp; Anne grace. &amp; strength of example an as Reagan Nancy Remembering ahead still work &amp; come we’ve far how of reminder Powerful blizzard January the by affected areas in efforts recovery aid to VA to assistance federal for order signed @POTUS pleased Very this fix to Time 28%. Afghanistan 64%, is Rwanda comparison: For women. are members House &amp; Senate US of 19% only unacceptable It’s integrated &amp; inclusive is military our ensure &amp; care health women's protect women, &amp; men b/w gap pay close to work must Congress @pandora_radio on station @aimeemann Day? Women's International for soundtrack My to need urgent the about Capitol the in today Cannon Jonathan professor law @UVA with Talked homelessness combatting lines front the on organizations Virginia for million $23 Includes meal nutritious a with day their starts child every sure make Let’s . be to deserves child every and It's minds active are minds Nourished Virginia. in nutrition child for champion a been has .@FirstLadyVA yesterday Alexandria in School Elementary Ramsay William at event @FirstLadyVA's from photo a Here's … @VAFilmOffice season! 2nd a for VA to back coming is @mercystreetpbs series hit @PBS news Great @GovernorVA: RT today! office my outside just @WTWoodsonHS Fairfax's from students some with Spoke in! Tune more. and Senate, the in week this discuss to 7:10am at @WTOP Joining discuss: to soon w/@fox5dc Live crisis. abuse opioid the fight to co-sponsored I bill a pass to expected is Senate more and talk to morning this @fox5dc &amp; @WTOP with in-studio be to Great @CanEmbUSA the at night last Grégoire-Trudeau Sophie wife his &amp; @JustinTrudeau meet to Honored consent &amp; advice providing path: one only is There today. nom on forward paths discussing members Judiciary Senate on @NAHPinc @NNPA_BlackPress address to @PressClubDC to Headed it. fear not diversity, country's our embrace should We America in epidemic heroin &amp; drug prescription tragic the address to consensus bipartisan strong a is there that showed just Senate The services treatment drug people get &amp; lives save help will It Act. Recovery and Addiction Comprehensive passed just the co-sponsor to Proud level federal the at epidemic this fight to me led has It abuse. opioid of consequences tragic the see to continue we Virginia, Across lives: save help will bill opioid Today's injector. Naloxone life-saving a use to how learning VA Lebanon, in @MarkWar… and @timkaine Thanks addiction. confronting families VA of 1000s for news great is bill of passage Senate @MarkHerringVA: RT Israel and US the between partnership economic strong the recognizes that resolution passed just the Co-sponsored across care dental expanding do they work important the firsthand see to @missionofmercy visit to Excited Manor Chatham at tour preservation Battlefield Fredericksburg our off kicked I &amp; @civilwartrust .@NatlParkService bill protection battlefield my by secured funds through preserved be will that land the of Hill Prospect from View dance big the to it making also on @_HamptonU &amp; @VCUramsnation to Congrats seed! #1 a get @UVAMensHoops seeing Love battlefields VA preserve will secure helped I funds Proud @CivilWarwp. by feat trip Fredericksburg my see to Great happening: keep can't incidents these but Dec) in policies safety fed new Nov, in GM (new time take changes Policy w/opioids: naloxone co-prescribing discussing of importance highlight guidelines @CDCgov released Just naloxone: to access increase to bill my considering be will committee HELP Senate the Tomorrow safety ensure to takes it whatever doing is management new signals it riders, for inconvenience major a be will closure Metro While options transit limited face they as tomorrow flexibility employees offer should - @USOPM including - region the across Employers @USOPM by call Right experience unrivaled and qualifications impeccable with jurist well-respected a is Garland Merrick .@SCOTUSNom process. confirmation obstructing for excuse no GOP Senate leaves past; the in Rs &amp; Ds from support enthusiastic earned Garland @SCOTUSNom Cc: same. the do to Senate the for time It’s duty. constitutional his fulfilling for @POTUS commend I tragedy another to preferable is day inconvenient one but decision, Tough . today ok are commuters NoVa Hoping @irlfunds tonight's at play to harmonica which decide can’t you When … at you honoring to forward Looking choice! right the make you'll know We @timkaine decision Big @irlfunds: RT ! Winner? @XavierUniv. and @VCU, @UVA, @KUnews, : year. this @marchmadness for picks my are Here down. shut was system the why is this cable frayed a is This Wiedefeld: Paul GM Metro @WTOP: RT necessary was this why saw we but day Tough complete. are repairs all Not 5am. at morning tomorrow re-open can service that Glad in! Tune @SCOTUSnom. qualified extremely an obstruct to excuse no has Senate the why discuss to @1140WRVA join to About @SCOTUSnom cc: discuss to soon @NewsRadioWINA with Talking justice. excellent an make would Garland Merrick tunes favorite some play to at you join me letting for @The19thStBand to Thanks ! Happy https:… skills/jobs. century 21 to education orient to Congress in effort leads @timkaine VA, in school high transform we As @GovernorVA: RT epidemic: heroin &amp; opioid the address to @timkaine w/ bill my passed Committee @GOPHELP Glad @SenCapito: RT ! @NCAA’s in competing teams Virginia our for support your show to RT @RepScottRigell: RT VA Lee, Fort in Museum Women's Army the by organized event great today; Month History Women's @USArmy Celebrated potential full their to serve to opportunity the have must Everyone roles. command &amp; units combat into women placing @USArmy see to Pleased accepted! Challenge season. great a on @Hampton_MBB to Congrats . in advances @UVAMensHoops Wahoowa! ! for treat excellent An @RTDNEWS - whatsoever." rationale principled no has nominates Obama anyone consider to even "refusal McConnell's : more." Nothing maneuver. partisan a is "This battle: @SCOTUSnom on today @PilotNews the From hearings hold to refuse to excuse no has GOP Senate. the of institution the for one is battle @SCOTUSnom The !! dance big the the to it making and season great a on @JMUWBasketball to Congrats commander combatant a be to woman first be Command-would Northern US head to nominated be will who Robinson Lori GEN @usairforce to Congrats round next the to On @VCURamNation!! by win Great bound! Sixteen Sweet are Cavs @UVAMensHoops. by win a What season great a on congrats and end the until hard played @VCURamNation The people its for opportunity of doors open help will relations Reestablished . ongoing his during @POTUS for best the Wishing responsible those find to seek they as people Belgian to out goes heart My attacks. Brussels savage the in lost lives innocent many Too su… never will They life. of way our of foundation the are that values democratic the undermine to seek terrorists These @HillaryClinton: RT @Space_Station! the to launch successful a for @OrbitalATK to Congrats works coverage healthcare to access gained have Americans million 20 than more Now, law. into the signed @POTUS ago, years Six disease deadly this confronting to voice our lend all let’s On minute. every people 3 kills but curable is Garland @SCOTUSnom to obstruction GOP unprecedented about questions answer to Quora on session a Hosted @UVAMensHoops and Bennett Coach to congrats tonight, win a What Elite!! are Hoos The ! me &amp; Anne from VA in celebrating everyone to Easter wonderful a Wishing 1984 since first their in spot a for plays @UVAMensHoops as watch to Excited ! go Let's proud!! VA make you Bennett, Coach &amp; @UVAMensHoops to Congrats season. fantastic a had Wahoos the but take, to loss tough A justice. and peace for Praying Pakistan. in children and women innocent on attack Easter heinous the by Heartbroken service @CapitolPolice's the for always, as Grateful, safe. are visitors and staffers Hill Capitol that Relieved op-ed @PilotNews My . vote &amp; hearing a @SCOTUSnom qualified superbly a deny to shameful It's to proud I'm &amp; women of millions for care preventive essential provides Parenthood Planned HB1090. vetoing for @GovernorVA Thx America in epidemic heroin and prescription the fight to today resources more in investing for @HHSgov &amp; @POTUS Applaud distinction this earn to Sampson Ralph since 1st All-American! @AP first-team a named just Brogdon, Malcolm @UVAMensHoops to Congrats here: vote your Submit 2016! Town Small Coastal Best the for @USATODAY by nominated been has Chincoteague safety &amp; efficiency improve to for funding approps full urging @SenatorCardin @MarkWarner Joined law the under equality full deserves Everyone VA. in discrimination permitted have would that bill a vetoing for @GovernorVA Applaud VA across families on Alzheimer’s of burden the alleviate help can services support &amp; information to access Increasing https:… : to RT communities. &amp; families devastating is disease Alzheimer's @alzassociation: RT paycheck a of less 40% not equality, deserve Women Soccer. from for fighting are who the of members the with stand I Johns Barbara by led strike student historic the of site Farmville, in today @MotonMuseum the Toured responders first &amp; station Greyhound the at wounded those for Praying today. Richmond of out news Terrible loss senseless this mourns VA of all &amp; safe us keep to everything risk @VSPPIO Dermyer. Chad Trooper of loss the by saddened Deeply discrimination fighting &amp; about morning this Summit Leadership Annual 15th @HRC's at speak to Honored country the across legislation anti-LGBT against back fight &amp; protections non-discrimination secure to hard work must We region. the in employer large A today! center packaging &amp; mill paper Covington @WestRock's of tour Great @timkaine today! us joining for You Thank @TheVaPFF: RT Singh Capt. for accommodation long-term w/@USArmy’s Pleased country. our to service &amp; religion her or his b/t choose to have should one No country: their serving from soldiers American Sikh practicing deters that policy its repeal should .@DeptofDefense world modern today’s in stronger and cohesive more military our make will forces armed our of members all among Equality loved he that district his and Sharron wife his to sympathies deepest my Sending servant. public great &amp; friend longtime a was Miller John afternoon this forum policy @NLIHC's the at practices housing fair for fighting in time my discuss to Excited forum today's at housing fair for fighting experiences my share me letting for @NLIHC you Thank vote &amp; hearing a Garland @SCOTUSnom deny to precedent no is there that agrees @newsadvance Lynchburg The hearings hold &amp; @SCOTUSnom with meet should senators GOP that agrees @PvilleGazette The equality and justice freedom, of values the uphold always must the and everlasting are words Jr's King, Luther Martin @IAFFNewsDesk at today @TheVAPFF &amp; Fighters Fire of Association International the address to Honored nation compassionate a be must We @DanMalloyCT. to Congrats @CENTCOM cc: service of years 41 for you Thank servicemembers. &amp; country our to invaluable been has leadership Austin's GEN laws unjust hateful, these against up stand must Americans simple. and plain discrimination, permits law anti-LGBT now right @SCOTUSnom on GOP the by obstruction unprecedented the discussing are Dems Senate at live Watch . to progress our discussing is @SenateAging Today, and funding @NIH increase to time It’s care? 's on spent are dollars Medicaid 3 in 1 know you Did and research @NIH support Let’s up. going is number that and with living are Americans million 5 than More all for and once disease this end Let's today. chapters @alzassociation Virginia of members with Met to time It's million. $860 exceed will VA in Alzheimer's with people for caring of costs Medicaid 2016, In to longer any wait can't We 2025. by 190,000 reach to expected w/number VA in w/Alzheimer's living are older &amp; 65 people 140,000 GOP Senate by obstruction @SCOTUSnom &amp; deal nuclear the with compliance Iran's on earlier @News8NewsTalk with Spoke 11:30pm and 8:30pm at @NewsChannel8 on tonight interview full the catch can You security airport strengthen must We year. per @Reagan_Airport &amp; @Dulles_Airport through pass travelers million 40 https://… safe. Virginians keep to security airport strengthen to bill FAA the in provisions include to @timkaine w/ Working @MarkWarner: RT @Dulles_Airport: &amp; @Reagan_Airport at security strengthened for call my discuss to soon @fox5dc Joining @WSVA550 with celebration my off kick to @ShenandoahNPS at hike upcoming my discuss to About with latest the as well as airports, VA at security stronger for calling I'm why discuss to @WTOP Joining https:… us! join you Hope @timkaine. friend my with Friday this event an for back me inviting for @Kennedy_School to Thanks @sethmoulton: RT here: you near one Find breweries. craft 100 over to home is Virginia discuss: to @fox5dc Joined airports. VA at lines check-in &amp; areas claim baggage in security stronger for calling I'm here Details security. airport strengthen to pushing been I’ve amendment the for vote bipartisan strong with Pleased here apply can orgs justice VA pathways. career find youth at-risk help to funding announced .@TheJusticeDepartment w/@sethmoulton @Kennedy_School the at tomorrow affairs world &amp; the on work my discussing be to Excited @GerryConnolly &amp; Cheryl wife his w/ Here Day. Founder's on today Simon Bob founder Reston of legacy the about Spoke @GerryConnolly &amp; Cheryl wife his w/ Here Day. Founder's on today Simon Bob founder Reston of legacy the about Spoke trail hiking Va. one on @timkaine into run may You @WTOP: RT Photos @NatlParkService ! celebration my off kick to @ShenandoahNPS in hike a wrapped Just ! in morning this Trail Man Stony the of Start ! generations future for parks our maintain to Important trail! the from More trail! Man Stony the of top The @ShenandoahNPS in trail Man Stony of summit the from view Amazing … @timkaine! view, Great walk. the walk AND talk the talk who senators 💛 We @OIA: RT best! the retweet I'll year. all using photos Park National VA best your me Send this about concerns serious raise to first among been have to Glad Southern. Norfolk over take to threat its receded Pacific Canadian jobs Virginia and competition to detrimental been would’ve merger This advocates @SavetheChildren @SCActionNetwork with today speak to Honored mission US the shape &amp; define to an for calling be I'll morning. this ISIL of spread the discussing is career 40-year a of course the over $416K VA in women cost will gap wage today's @nwlc, to According pay equal have workers all ensure Must women. for $42,445 to compared $52,864 were VA in men for earnings median reports .@AAUW Park!) National a in (hopefully outdoors kids get Let's @OIA. of efforts Applaud ISIL: &amp; extremism homegrown combat effectively to strategy discussed hearing, today's At march! forced first her on L almost-3-months-old An @sarahkarlene: RT @timkaine NP Shenandoah @h2osusie: RT @timkaine County Albemarle River, Moormans @emilywhitworth: RT @timkaine River James the along @VAStateParks Chippokes @CarolDWoodward: RT coming! them Keep Park! National VA a to trip their from photos me send to use people seeing Already in! tune can you Hope 7:40am. at crew @Morning_Joe the Joining Canyon Oak White @timkaine @IGMaklielski: RT @ManassasNPS from photos @dsoderstrom: RT too! lovers park state for is VA @HamiltonMusical Jefferson! Thomas President to Birthday Happy service @wmata improve to steps and operations, safety, discuss to Wiedefeld GM with meeting a wrapped Just … @ShenandoahNPS trecking pleasure absolute the Had @timkaine @HikeMoreVA: RT family his with are prayers My community. the up lift helped work whose friend dear a was Singleton Oliver Info: Fair. Job Veterans-Only Annual 5th the host will @vaemploy &amp; Center Medical Affairs Veterans Salem Tomorrow, Commission Cyber @CommerceGov the of member a as appointed just was who @StevenChabinsky, Virginian to Congrats @aircraftcarrier ISIL to fight the take helping are who 75) (CVN Truman S. Harry USS the aboard sailors the Saluting @Op_Homefront cc: today! family his &amp; Quantico of Fagala Christian Child Met here story his about more Learn awareness. cancer childhood for advocate powerful a is Christian from benefit to stand they how about me with story their sharing Arlington of family Orellana the Appreciate apart them tear not together, families bring should policies our and immigrants of nation a are We de beneficiarían como compartir por Arlington de Orellana familia la a gracias Muchas missed. be will He deserve. they recognition the vets American Filipino get to hard fought Baltazar Jesse vet today ago years 9 soon too lost we lives the of remembrance in be Let's Jerusalem in bombing bus today's of aftermath the in wounded the for Praying efforts humanitarian &amp; recovery in assist to ready stands The Ecuador. in earthquake deadly the of victims the to out goes heart My families their support to residents legal as work &amp; government w/the register families VA 91,000 help could &amp; together Arlington of Orellanas the kept have which , &amp; uphold must juntos Arlignton de Orellana los mantenido han que vigor en y mantener debe to hesitate don't so country, the across parks visit to free It's ! Happy week this favorites my RT I'll , using photos me Send abroad &amp; home at Virus Zika of spread stem to request funding emergency @POTUS's approve to colleagues GOP my Urging @timkaine Park National Falls Great at views great and climbing Easy @AbbeyCompton: RT for qualifications his underscores ago years 21 case tragic the in justice bring to work Garland’s Merrick .@SCOTUSnom https://t… America: in faith on @SenatorLankford &amp; @timkaine @pewresearch, w discussion a for 2pm at tomorrow us join Please @ChrisCoons: RT Landscape Religious Changing America’s report: @pewresearch's on discussion a for @SenatorLankford &amp; @ChrisCoons colleagues join to Excited freedom for tirelessly fought choice! Excellent communities resilient more build enforcement law &amp; groups faith between relationships Positive command combatant a lead to female 1st be would &amp; @NoradNorthcom head to nominated been who's Robinson Lori GEN Met on effort bipartisan this &amp; the support to Proud year! all graders 4th for admission Free . get helping by Celebrate favorites! my RT I'll and using photos me Send ? during Park National VA a Visiting nominee qualified highly a such consider must Senate The today. Garland Merrick @SCOTUSnom meet to Honored Jamestown of birthday 400th the for visit Virginia II's Elizabeth Queen to ! planet our save &amp; pollution carbon reduce to effort worldwide a of start the marks Agreement Climate Paris the Signing @GovernorVA to thanks right this exercise can Virginians more 200,000 now and democracy our of fabric very the up makes vote to right The combatting by it preserve help &amp; beauty natural planet's our recognize let's , On @timkaine @RichmondNPS VA County Hanover Battlefield, Mill Gaines @adamtlewis: RT Sameach! Chag world. the across and Virginia in celebrating families to Passover reflective and joyous a for Wishing @ShenandoahNPS in wildlife the among safe stay to tips are here reminder, a As photo! Nice favorites my RT I'll . using photos best your me Send weekend? this park national a to Headed Virginians! Hey jobs high-skill in-demand, for students prepares science computer K-12 to access Increasing @VDHgov lives: save help can responsibly drugs Rx unused Disposing Day. Take-Back Drug Rx National is Saturday @VDHgov you! thank and Congrats efforts. take-back drug Rx 2015 their for awarded was Corps Reserve Medical Virginia Southwest The … website Zika @VDHgov visiting by season mosquito for prepare to Virginians all encourages .@GovernorVA @GovernorVA: RT hikes: price Rx drastic 's of victim a was who Heyman Berna Williamsburg's introduce I'll 3:30, At today story her tells She model. business hike price sudden 's of b/c needs she drug a afford couldn't Berna 9:30am: at here strategy East Middle &amp; operations counter-ISIL on hearing Committee Services Armed today's Watch strong. remain must Israel and the between bonds economic the agreed unanimously we yesterday, resolution Senate a of passage With economy VA's to contributions important their &amp; rights workers' talk to yesterday reps @steelworkers VA seeing Great families their &amp; veterans nation's our empower helping are @DogTagBakery at folks The life: civilian in succeed to need they education the get &amp; jobs find veterans helping is @DogTagBakery how Learn success!!! amazing their in partner small a is @WCKitchen my that proud @DogTagBakery @timkaine @chefjoseandres: RT operation. counter-ISIL the on hearing yesterday's &amp; policy foreign talk to 7:40am at crew @Morning_Joe the Joining conflict armed nation's the end and peace pursue to efforts Colombia's support to cosponsored I that week this resolution a passed Senate pacificamente armado conflicto el solucionar en Colombia de esfuerzos los respaldando copatrociné que resolución una aprobó Senado El @airandspace! to heading is Wise in @ramusaorg to supplies medical of delivery historic the made that drone The ET 3:00pm at Wednesday this thoughts my post I'll and Qs, your me Send @Quora. on education on questions Taking country the across students for protections legal clarify to @usedgov urging in colleagues my Joining https://t… More: protections. IX Title clarify to @usedgov urging I’m people, of rights limit to try NC like states As @SenFranken: RT teachers hardworking VA's thank to RT lives. students' in make can teachers difference the seen I've parent a As country the across and VA in community the of influence the celebrate to time a Month, Heritage Islander Pacific &amp; American Asian It's HM2016 history our on impact immeasurable an made &amp; communities our in leaders as served country, our for fought have Americans https:… students non-conforming gender &amp; transgender 4 protections on guidance comprehensive 4 @usedgov urged I &amp; .@TimKaine @MarkWarner: RT level federal the at resources mitigation and prevention in investing of importance the highlighted has Flint in contamination Lead contaminants for schools in water drinking testing for resources more request to week last colleagues Senate joined I Week @RestonChamber the to today expo good a on wishes Best innovative. &amp; strong economy Commonwealth's the keeps Week POY! VA 2016 the winning for Diagnostics, Made Taylor of President &amp; RN Taylor, Caroline to Congrats perduran que EEUU a Mex de contribuciones las de importancia la y Puebla de Batalla la en mexicanos los de valentía la reconocemos Hoy today! Vote America. in Town Small coolest @BudgetTravel’s for nominated been has Abingdon 1/3 disruptions. service &amp; insulators arcing outages, power incidents, smoke near-daily of normal new the than better deserve riders Metro 2/3 situation. the of urgency the grasps today announced Plan issues. safety Metro’s w/ deal to plan take-charge a see to years waited We’ve plan: repair @wmata the on @MarkWarner w/ statement full My served he those &amp; colleagues former his by missed be will who servant public accomplished an family; Joannou's Johnny with are prayers My in weekend this Anne &amp; parents my with time Enjoying Day! Mother's Happy streets the off opioids unused keep will that success great A Day. Back Take month's last during VA in collected were drugs Rx of lbs 31,000 fall the in one another organize to look will @DEAHQ the and agencies Virginia participated! who all to Thanks @MSNBC to Tune . in play will it role important the and policy foreign discuss to on now @mitchellreports Joining students for on briefing a holding @All4Ed &amp; Caucus Education Technical and Career Senate now, Live @All4Ed @NovaAccess cc: beyond and college for students preparing &amp; on thoughts his share @NOVA_Prez Watch serving for you thank and Congrats, today. 2016 of class @ArmyWarCollege the of students with Spoke in classroom the leading for named being on Arlington in Abingdon of Firster Jacqueline to Congrats industry VA #1 of commodity ag #1 Poultry @WTO. trade fair on China challenging in @USTradeRep Applaud day every us protect to serve who officers the all and them honor Let's . during Guindon &amp; Dermyer Officers of Thinking law be will @ArlingtonNatl at rights burial Pilots Service @usairforce Women give to cosponsored I bill the Proud wrong this right could Congress Glad recognition. special this deserve and admirably nation our served pilots brave These library and museum @GeoCMarshallFou’s through Marshall George General of legacy &amp; life the honoring resolution a intro to @MarkWarner Joined sacks in leader @NFL and @VT_Football all-time and Norfolk from end defensive Fame of Hall Smith! Bruce to Congrats for: fought I and @MarkWarner priorities VA several with Senate the passed has bill Appropriations Water &amp; Energy prosperity and security mutual our to vital and strong remains nations our between bond The Israel. of State the to day independence Happy statement: full My community. defense hardworking Virginia’s benefit will that provisions many includes Proud abuse: opioid addressing on @Macklemore with @POTUS from address weekly Important resources treatment to access increase to Senate the in working be to Proud anyone. affect can it discriminate, doesn't abuse Opioid lead to us on depending US &amp; VA across communities and Families epidemic. this address to Congress in work bipartisan more for Hoping here: bill my about more Learn lives. save help can medications opioid with naloxone Co-prescribing 11:00am at live Watch 2016. of class @VMInews for address commencement the deliver to Excited godspeed! and luck Good Lexington. in leadership global and on 2016 of class @VMInews address to Honored students enrollment dual for program Grant Pell experimental in part take to selected were @germannacc and CC VA Central that news Fantastic higher-ed of cost the cut help &amp; students benefit Will program. site experimental @usedgov’s applaud I enrollment, dual of beneficiary a As @edworkforcedems cc: of future for Act CTE Perkins passing of importance on testify to way my On @edworkforcedems here live hearing the Watch some are Here Committee. @EdWorkforce House the for on testimony my wrapped Just track academic the into CTE of integration promote that bills bipartisan intro'd I've priority. edu my made have I Senate, In life in success to path great a is sciences, computer or carpentry, welding, be it whether skills, of acquisition The workers retraining &amp; jobs creating for solutions proven are They society. in programs surrounding stigma a be shouldn't There Board v. Brown in skin their of color the on based schoolchildren to denied be not could equality of promise the ruled 1954, in matter important this on rule to justices 9 had Board v. Brown ensure to nominee a confirming &amp; considering by job its did Senate @SCOTUSnom of obstruction unprecedented re: @SenBlumenthal @CoryBooker w/@SenatorCardin 4pm at floor to heading spirit, that In Virginia in many to appears obstruction this how share to want I but motivations, majority's the know don't I constituents many among perception painful a feeds - president American African first the - @SCOTUSnom President's this consider to Refusal country… our challenges pressing most the addressing to critical so is functioning full, a why reminds @ChrisCoons: RT @USArmy the of Secretary new the Fanning, Eric to Congratulations today! Capitol the out checking Council Youth Danville the of members see to great was It public American the to sends it message dangerous the &amp; @SCOTUSnom of obstruction unprecedented on speech my ICYMI: nomination Garland’s Judge on vote &amp; hearing a for time It’s perceived. are actions our how to ourselves blind cannot We all for equality and justice providing discrimination, housing from people protects rule (AFFH) Furthering Affirmatively choice people giving and communities, in investing opportunity, expanding about It's Act. of core the at is rule AFFH choice of way the in stand that barriers down break that decisions investment &amp; planning informed make communities lets AFFH planning community of control local ends or move, to people requires laws, zoning to changes mandates AFFH say to fiction is It rule AFFH the weaken to attempts against stand you if RT new. not is further affirmatively to communities for obligation The year fiscal this refugees Syrian 10,000 resettle to commitment fulfill to Administration the Urging US the to travelers of vetted carefully most the are Refugees Syria. in violence unspeakable the fleeing those help must We security ensure &amp; times wait long address help to funding TSA increased for calling in colleagues Joining paramount and vital is measures security substantial through travelers and transportation, surface airports, our Protecting Hillsboro! in latest the and infrastructure discuss to today Vance Roger Mayor with meeting Great 9:15 at in Tune perceived. it's how &amp; obstruction @SCOTUSnom continued discuss to tonight @maddow Joining program! its for designation national the on @TCCva to Congrats perceived being it's how &amp; @SCOTUSnom President's of obstruction the discuss to night last @maddow Joined missed. dearly be will who craft his of master A Safer. Morley legend @60Minutes &amp; @CBSnews of passing the at Saddened economy global in compete employers &amp; workers students, more help to is apprenticeships-goal promote to bill Intro'd Virginia: for provisions solid with bill approps VetAffairs / MilCon / a pass could Senate the Glad months summer the into move we as Important virus. of spread prevent to funding supplemental emergency important includes also Bill choices: healthcare women's of freedom the defend to bill a on colleagues Joining doctor her with decision a made has she after counter pharmacy the at denied be should contraception to access woman’s No https:/… 5/24 on @CSIS topic this discuss will @timkaine Act? Cybersecurity the after sharing info on stand we do Where @CyberCSIS: RT https:/… pharmacies: at access protect to Act Control Birth to Access introducing for @timkaine Sen. Virginia's you Thank @NARALVirginia: RT ! today Series Championship D District the for College Montgomery on take they as baseball men's @DCCPR to luck Good @SenPatRoberts! colleague my with tonight @CFTNI the by honored be to Proud live: Watch @CSIS. at posture cyber elevating &amp; Discussing today office the in classics Dylan some Enjoying Dylan. Bob advocate rights civil &amp; musician legendary to birthday 75th Happy championships! national back to back on @UVAMensTennis to Congrats Month Heritage American Jewish for today community American Jewish the in leaders to speak to Honored challenges: employment of cost economic shows study @BlueStarFamily . is May today! finals @ScrippsBee the in Edwin and Tejas, Hannah, Virginians to luck Good earlier) mistake my catching for @philosophykat (h/t week this performances great their on Edwin and Tejas Kyra, to Congrats trap! wolf at day Fun @HokiePedro: RT well job the do to experience has she Confident oversight. for esp position, Important ambassador. @iaeaorg as confirmed Holgate Laura https://t.… graduation @WMLawSchool at remarks on story @VALW @TimKaine: Senator of Education The @WMLawSchool: RT favs my RT I'll . using photos best your me Send ? on park national a to Going VA! Hey nation our protected have who servicemembers the to Grateful forgotten. be never will heroes fallen Our https:… call! Great yours. of hike favorite a is stairs devils little Heard .@timkaine @TimBialecki: RT VA! in peak Highest Rogers. Mt @NeffGould: RT families: their and troops, veterans, our support to plan comprehensive a has @HillaryClinton Trump, Unlike society American in prevalent so remains violence gun when complacent be cannot Congress @CDCgov at research prevention violence gun &amp; safety firearms on ban 20-year facto de a lift would that bill a support to Proud sales firearm online &amp; private all on checks record background strengthens dramatically that bill a for support my Announced Act Checks Gun Fix &amp; Act Prevention Violence Gun or Safety Firearms on Research CDC the about more Learn again.… &amp; again happening from this prevent to action take must We normal. new the as violence gun of level our accept cannot We @POTUS: RT admirably. Virginia SW served who Commonwealth our for servant public great a Stump, Jackie Delegate of loss the by Saddened Chief in Commander be to unfit is Trump why out laid clearly she - watch and back go should today speech @HillaryClinton's missed who Anyone @Daily_Press: today's in country our to risk unprecedented an poses Trump Donald why on take My floor the broadcasting @CSPAN of yrs 30 marks Today best. works Senate the when sees public the Productivity lines: OR/SV to impacts on updated stay tomorrow, begins surge As sign good a is which up, stepping finally is WMATA overdue. long is work safety but commuters, for inconvenient be will know We 🇺🇸 @ussoccer support! your show to RT ! off kick they as tonight the for Rooting invaluable were athletes and sport to contributions His worldwide. inspiration an was Ali Muhammad month holy this during world the across and Virginia in Muslims to Kareem Ramadan on Forces Allied the of sacrifice and devotion valor, the remember we Today, 11am: at it cover will @WDBJ7 @DDayMemorial. the at ceremony today's of part a be to Honored Center Command Launch Mission new a for Friday last groundbreaking its on @NASA_Wallops to Congrats Island Assateague park, favorite my at weekend the Spent @lizchar: RT Assateague on spotting horse Wild @lizchar: RT mission clarify &amp; terrorism against fight US tailor better to 2001 revise can we hope my it's year, this ISIL-specific of Short here: the on today introduced I amendments the on statement full My nominee presumptive our @HillaryClinton call to proud So made! History House White the to @HillaryClinton send we ensure to together come to us for time it's Now night last wins primary historic @HillaryClinton's discuss to 7:15am at @wmalnews Joining 7:35AM at in Tune @jfradioshow! of edition special a on friends many so join to Excited abroad Americans &amp; servicemembers protect to @StateDept Urging virus. to responding proactive more be must We cooperation legislative future for model a is process this in shown faith good The support. unanimous with @POTUS to sent Senate Proud years 25 past the for carcinogen, known a asbestos, of regulation prevented has that obstacle bureaucratic a away clears forgotten! be never will bill this on leadership His Lautenberg. Frank Sen. NJ late the after named was reform 🇺🇸 !! in night last win decisive a for @USSoccer to Congratulations 🇺🇸 !! en anoche decisiva victoria su por @USSoccer a Felicidades today Capitol the in Congress of session joint a before India for vision Modi’s Minister Prime hear to Honored combatting &amp; issues defense on US-India b/t cooperation increased by Encouraged here: statement full My year. every growing is relationship US-India the of importance Strategic exist: still disparities rankings, high Despite region. NoVa in disparities health on tool mapping &amp; report New justice seeking &amp; life of loss the mourning in Israel with stands The Aviv. Tel in attack terror violent today's by saddened &amp; Shocked th… to resolution peaceful for need the to attention bring to efforts Almagro's General Secretary @OAS_official commend I @SenatorDurbin: RT families their with reunite to program @USCIS announcing in @SenatorReid &amp; @maziehirono join to Honored US the in reunite to decades, even years, waited have who members family loving from care receive to allow will policy @USCIS New WWII of contributions important the forget never we ensure &amp; community American Filipino the for issues champion to continue Will members: family their with reunite to parole request now can US the and Virginia in businesses VA for opportunities &amp; jobs creating is Pickett Fort at center training security embassy new the Pleased home! Welcome time difficult incredibly this at wounded &amp; lost those of ones loved the to out goes heart My Orlando. in tragedy senseless &amp; Horrific here: in Tune Orlando. in tragedy the discuss to 7:30 at @WTOP on Joan &amp; Mike Joining here: in Listen Lynchburg. in WIQO with 7:50am at shootings Orlando the Discussing @WTOP on ISIL against new a for push continued my &amp; morning this Orlando in tragedy the on Reflected ! the of years 100 celebrating are who Washington in today @girlscouts Virginia with Met today birthday 241st it's on - present and past - @USArmy the in women and men the all Thanking serve bravely you communities the protecting for @LoudounSheriff to you Thank today. Chapman Mike Sheriff with Met in! Tune 7:20AM. at @Morning_Joe on be Will https://… tutoring: years spent he's where school elementary the for speech commencement a delivers Garland Judge Today, @SCOTUSnom: RT now: School Elementary at address commencement the deliver Garland @SCOTUSnom Watch @Morning_Joe on violence gun address to Congress in take can we steps right the &amp; shooting Orlando the Discussed in! Tune @MSNBC. on on soon @mitchellreports Joining violence gun prevent to reforms commonsense about bring to stand a taking are who today colleagues my Applauding too. had I’ve need still but Progress, shadows the in live longer no to opportunity the got hardworking young ago, years Four today: Park State Virginia your Find @VAStateParks! Birthday, 80th Happy ! and tonight later floor the on be to Planning it. miss Wouldn't hearing Committee Aging today's at @MyBlueRidgeBank of President Plum, Brian introduce to Honored Americans lower-income among savings increase to way innovative an offers bank his how shared Brian CSPAN2 on live Watch violence. gun to comes it when had have Virginians . to Headed @ChrisMurphyCT by job Amazing colleagues. with tonight to Honored now. action taking by Orlando of victims the honor can We on action force to powerful night's last during floor the from remarks My vote a cast Let's . on bystanders being stop to time It's 6pm. at in Tune w/@ABC7News. reform gun on inaction to comes it when had I’ve why and night’s last Discussed 🇺🇸 tonight! game big their in @USSoccer to luck Good 866-DOM-HELP calling by wires downed Report storms. severe night’s last after safe staying is County Henrico in everyone Hoping ago year one Church AME Emanuel at soon too lost the remembering in today alike Americans &amp; Carolinians South Joining 🇺🇸 proud!! us make You semi-finals! the to advancing for @USSoccer to Congratulations today! country the across and VA in dads loving the all to happy very a Wishing today recognizing in nation the across people and Virginians join to Proud … firsthand deterioration Bridge's Memorial see to tour a on @MayorBowser &amp; @timkaine join to ready Getting @MarkWarner: RT Bridge Memorial of parts deteriorating touring after shortly @MayorBowser &amp; @MarkWarner with Standing today! fields academic other &amp; CTE in students brightest country’s the of some of work inspiring the recognizing for @WhiteHouse Applaud fields technical and career in renaissance current the demonstrate Scholars Presidential Today’s to access increase to ways on working keep Will education. the in invest we well how on depends success future America’s scholars! the all with here Photo today. Scholars Presidential of class inaugural address to Honored commonsense be should sales private on checks background implementing &amp; terrorists of hands the of out guns Keeping appalling. is This strikes tragedy another before issue this on act &amp; reconsider will we Hope violence. gun on action take and bystanders being stop to need We war of savagery the or disasters fleeing those on backs our turn can't we tested, is compassion our When discuss to 9:35 at @1140WRVA Joining yesterday. measures reform gun post-Orlando pass to failure the at Appalled here Live terrorists. from guns keep to proposal bipartisan intro to soon @SenatorHeitkamp &amp; @SenatorCollins Joining this fix to proposal bipartisan support to Proud gun. a buy to able be shouldn't you fly, to dangerous too you're If economy our on dice the roll to Trump Debt" of "King self-proclaimed the allow cannot we agree, I earlier. @HillaryClinton from speech Great 🇺🇸 you! in believe We Argentina. versus tonight @USSoccer on cheer to Excited violence gun on action take to Time . had have who colleagues Democratic my on cheer to floor House the to Heading violence gun to bystanders being stop to has Congress @repjohnlewis. with floor House on in sitting be to Proud Challenge College Community the for finalist @NSF a as selected was It exhibit! @VirginiaWestern's Saw in! tune can you Hope 7:15am. at @NewDay CNN Joining up! it Keep reform. gun commonsense of support in at speaking @repbobbyscott friend my saw Just roll. a on are Dems House gun a buying from terrorists prevent to commonsense be should it why &amp; discuss to @NewDay Joined over from far is shadows the of out families of millions bring to fight the but setback, a is &amp; on ruling immigration effort @POTUS's support to can I everything do to continue will I system, broken a fix to refuse to continues Congress While law of rule the to is the filling on blockade Republican the destructive how shows today cases two in rulings Split branch another undermining by advantage political gain can it believes government of branch one when day sad a is It support people American the reform meaningful for Time stronger. party our make will that unity of sign a was memory his in Boys Mountain Clinch some to Listening be Will Stanley. Ralph native County Dickenson of passing the about hear to Saddened help need you if Office Sheriff's Co Alleghany the contact &amp; areas flooded of clear Stay morning. this safe is Covington in everyone Hoping hate &amp; intolerance fight to work must We always. and today community LGBT the with stand to Proud won. love ago, year One choices healthcare own her make to right woman's a undermine to attempt an is: it what for law Texas seeing for Applaud all for freedom reproductive expand to fight the as well as families, &amp; women for win major a is law Texas on ruling virus the combat to funding pass than politics play rather would Republicans yet country, the across threat serious a poses stmt: My talks. of round new a in engage immediately &amp; distraction partisan this abandon to colleagues GOP my Urge injured or killed those of ones loved &amp; families to out goes heart My city. beautiful a , in attack Horrific end. must violence The decisions informed make borrowers student help to @SenDeanHeller &amp; @SenCoryGardner w/@MarkWarner bill a intro'd Just earlier guidance financial comprehensive providing by loans out take they when decisions smart make families help will bill This funding prevention virus on negotiations restart should Congress time. much too wasted already We've territory uncharted into island the pushed have would debt the on default A necessary. is it but perfect, from far is bill Rico Puerto perjudicial sería pagos los con cumplir No necesaria. es si pero perfecta es no Rico Puerto sobre Legislacion process the in voice stronger them give &amp; interests residents' Rico Puerto protect better to amendments considered have could Senate Wish voz mayor darles y puertorriqueños de intereses los proteger para enmiendas considerado hubiera Senado el que Quisiera issue this on engage to continuing to forward look I better. deserve they &amp; citizens US are home Rico Puerto call who people million The debate al contribuyendo seguir Espero mejor. merecen y estadounidenses son Rico Puerto de habitantes de millones 3,5 Los op-ed @FauquierDotCom My patients. Alzheimer's for outcomes improve can care &amp; planning research, in Investing stronger forces armed our make will inclusivity &amp; Openness today. Carter by lifted ban service transgender military see to Glad competitiveness. and jobs for Crucial vote. a for up nominee @ExImBankUS bring to leadership Senate Urging forget never will we time a of generations future teach to forever live will writings Wiesel's Elie today family and friends with celebrating is everyone Hoping Day! Independence Happy today virus the to response Virginia's on orgs advocacy health &amp; @VDHgov with Spoke virus the against prepared be to do can we what on Virginia in diligently working are officials health local and State term short and long , against prepare to needed tools the fund and games the end to responsibility a has Congress Chicago in legend life than larger a Mikva, Abner of family the to condolences deepest our send I &amp; Anne this for push the on colleagues DC &amp; VA with closely worked have to Proud commuters. NoVa for boost much-needed A people their &amp; stability regional to commitment our Affirms Afghanistan. in levels troop US of trajectory adjust to decision @POTUS Support announcement: Afghanistan the on statement full My passage final for Senate in it advance to work Will heritage. &amp; history country’s our to connected so is bill This need: you information The travelers. @Reagan_Airport affect will it and begun, has @WMATA of 3 Phase today world the across and Virginia in celebrating those all to Mubarak Eid morning! this @RoyalRangersUSA &amp; @boyscouts @girlscouts VA's with time spend to excited were I and .@MarkWarner communities black &amp; police b/t trust build pattern, this end to Need tragic. are deaths Agree .@neurolosophy border southern our at refugees in increase by posed challenges address to obligation the ignore longer no can US sur frontera la en refugiados los de aumento el por desafíos los a responder de obligación la ignorar podemos No &amp; of shootings police disturbing on tonight speech floor from @Medium on remarks My citizens fellow their protect to jobs their doing officers police brave on attack calculated &amp; brazen a were night last in Shootings wounded the for praying &amp; heroes 5 of loss the mourning , in violence senseless of act horrific this condemning in Americans Joining you: near location a Find questions. your answer to week next Virginia the across hours office hosting is staff My wounded &amp; family victim’s the with are Prayers violence. gun of act an to carrier a losing after family @heraldcourier to Condolences @NARAL: funding their restrict not respond, to clinics health women's equip fully should bill comprehensive A speech Trump's discuss to Joining disdain. them shown only has who someone not them, applauds who President a deserve veterans VA Congress in action climate blocking industry-led the it's because @SenateDems w/ stand I it addressing of challenge the to rise must and can we and Virginia in happening it’s real, is change Climate environment security complex today's in critical &amp; relevant are UNCLOS like frameworks international existing means ruling the in actions China’s challenging for avenue important an is it proves Ruling treaty. UNCLOS ratified hasn't US Unfortunate region the in allies &amp; partners our &amp; norms international to commitment demonstrate &amp; law of rule strengthen would UNCLOS on leadership US leadership! MHI's of members with met I while yesterday Norfolk in stopping Arlington USS see to surprise Pleasant @HillaryClinton behind unite Dems see to excited So Trump. on taking in force a be will movement the &amp; campaign superb a ran .@SenSanders VA to important Workforce, Federal the strengthening on post blog @OPMDirector &amp; @ShaunOMB the Read @USSHARRYSTRUMAN the of women and men @USNavy brave the to you Thank home! back Welcome nations our to important mutually issues the discuss to Honduras of Hernández President with down sit to Great countries both benefit will that investment an is which region, prosperous &amp; peaceful a build to Honduras with stand will The importancia mutua de asuntos nuestros sobre hablar y Honduras de Hernández Presidente el con sentarme placer un Fue países ambos beneficiará que inversión una próspera, y pacífica región una construir a Honduras a apoyará EEUU Los step first good a is bill This Virginia. on having is epidemic abuse heroin &amp; opioid the impact an significant how firsthand seen Have naloxone life-saving to access increases that CARA in provisions draft to group bipartisan with worked have to Proud statement: Full abuse. medication from elderly the protect to provision a draft to colleagues with worked Also https… today: speech My exist. not does it mean not does another, of anguish the pain, the feel not do you because Just @SenatorTimScott: RT it. watch to others Urging today. @SenatorTimScott colleague my from heart, the from straight speech, powerful Very it: on hearing Committee Relations Foreign Senate today's Watch . the reaching since year one marks Today Commonwealth! the in @HillaryClinton with time rally It's Virginia! en @HillaryClinton con todos reunirnos de hora Es today! @HillaryClinton join to Honored President! hired" "you're a want They President. fired" "you're a want doesn't VA time difficult this at to world the of rest the Joining . to condolences Deepest @TimKaine. Senator and Virginia you, Thank @HillaryClinton: RT . Now, Commonwealth! the to back you welcoming Pleasure .@HillaryClinton PTSD from suffering vets to dogs service provides which Act, PAWS the on @SenatorFischer &amp; @CoryBooker join to Proud sacrifice their honoring finally are we Glad Senate! the passed has Medal Gold Congressional a veterans WWII Filipino awarding Bill violence. hateful of acts senseless these for justification No morning. this Rouge Baton in news the by Horrified it condemn must All atrocity. absolute an is Rouge Baton in today Shooting safely home come will they whether about shift daily a for leave they when worry who families their &amp; everywhere police to out goes Heart Rouge Baton in like attacks cold-blooded out carry to weaponry murderous the obtain to people for easy so is it that troubled Deeply others of expense the at himself enriching of history long very a has Trump live: out all it Check ! celebrate tomorrow and today events holding is .@NASA_Langley issues business regional on discussion @NOVAChamber a for Fairfax in afternoon this @MarkWarner friend my join to Excited together us bring would that plans of instead apart, us tears that rhetoric with fill to chose Trump Miami! in tomorrow trail the hit to wait Can’t mate. running her be to honored I’m Hillary. with phone the off got Just @HillaryClinton! de vicepresidencia la a candidato el ser de ¡Honrado people. million 16 deport and up, round profile, criminalize, to going not are We it. is This Trump. Donald other no is There communities destabilize families, apart rip would Policies history. in candidate anti-immigrant most the is @realDonaldTrump tonight seen As together. Karla's like families keep to fighting be should we walls, building of Instead families. working to essential absolutely are They luxuries. not are leave family paid and days Sick look.” you way the than more are “You stupid). aren't we (and exists Google Trump, Donald and Pence Mike for Unfortunately night, last lied Pence Mike time every for dollar a had we If debate. night's last at told Pence Mike lies many many, The Hillary: on —@FLOTUS guts.” her and persistence, her heart, her by inspired “I’m slobs. called be to women allow and back sit not will We .@realDonaldTrump work for looking are millions while China to jobs our sending continue can’t You billionaires: the to message My —@JohnPodesta it." about lied and room the in beat got he choke, just didn't Trump out turns "It Trump. Donald See: out. you help they'll so politician a to donation a making of act The Pay-To-Play: -H Mubarak! Eid values. shared those on reflect poor—let's the feeding &amp; charity, sacrifice, of festival al-Adha—a Eid celebrate Muslims As fuel. fossil from away transition to time the is Now pipeline. oil fracked another need don't We Hillary. for vote to you want doesn't really He collector. debt student a is Bob Bob. Meet it. defend couldn't Pence Americans—and of millions about said has Trump things bigoted the of Pence Mike reminded just .@timkaine now. right it doing literally Donald's campaign. insult-driven an running are Pence and Trump Yes, fo… deportation a have should we that claim mate’s running his defend and here sit would Pence Governor that believe cannot "I @timkaine: RT https://… people.” million 16 out kick and business-to-business and school-to-school house-to-house, to go to guys…want “These @timkaine: RT —Tim foot.” the in himself shooting without Universe Miss with war Twitter a start can’t Trump "Donald @timkaine: RT ISIS. defeating on offered have Trump Donald and Pence Mike everything Here's @TheBriefing2016: RT waiting. still We’re ISIS. defeat to plan" "secret his Pence shown has Trump if Wonder … website. their on still It's Muslims. on ban a put would Trump Donald that denied Pence Mike @TheBriefing2016: RT agrees. mate running his And Obama. President than leader better a is Putin said Trump Donald @literally_trump: RT laughable. is taxes pay doesn't probably and them insults he when veterans and troops our supports Trump that claiming Pence Mike —Tim taxes?” pay won’t you if troops the support you can “How @timkaine: RT —Tim law.” the by respected being and law respecting about is justice “Criminal force.” deportation a have should we that claim mate’s running his defend and here sit would Pence Governor that believe cannot "I people.” million 16 out kick and business-to-business and school-to-school house-to-house, to go to guys…want “These —Tim foot.” the in himself shooting without Universe Miss with war Twitter a start can’t Trump "Donald Clinton. Hillary It's terrorism. beat can who candidate one only There's waiting. still We’re ISIS. defeat to plan" "secret his Pence shown has Trump if Wonder @HillaryClinton: RT —Tim class.” civics grade fifth a to back go to have you’ve then leadership, and dictatorship between difference the know don’t you “If —Tim taxes?” pay won’t you if troops the support you can “How Donald. sorry, say to now late too It's himself. of paintings six-foot-tall *multiple* purchase to foundation charitable his used Trump Donald FACT: off? us ripping are who companies drug to up stand to guts the have we Do this: to down comes America in costs prescription of future The live: Watch election. this in stake at what's about talking Hampshire New in is .@FLOTUS cars. more million adding as planet the on impact same the have would pipeline Access Dakota The Commander-in-Chief. be to deserve doesn't this like families military and veterans our about talks who man A school. to going weren't disabilities with kids why investigating by career her started Hillary him. believe should We is. he who us shown has Trump Donald @SenSanders via next happened what guess drug, lifesaving a funded Taxpayers @4TaxFairness: RT tool: new our with offensive something tweets Trump time every donate Automatically "criminals." and "rapists" them calls who sisters, and brothers Mexican our insults who candidate a accept not will We be. to have not does That education. an get to just debt insurmountable with hit be to have not should Students here: Watch 61. Prop support to LA in is Bernie prices. drug skyrocketing stop to time It's means. she what is this lives, our in kindness and love more needing about talks Hillary When liar. pathological a is Trump Donald vote: to Register decisi… those to closer been nobody’s you tell I crisis…but global a manage to like it’s what know fully can "Nobody today? it do we can't hell the why ago, years 50 it do could We tuition-free. be must America in education university and college Public change. climate against action block to power their in everything doing on hell-bent are percent one the of subsection small A passpor… improving Hillary on —@LaverneCox matter.” policies small these but thing, small very a like seem might “It https… Democrats: for vote to Commit generations. future for planet our save to now act to need We @TheDemocrats: RT https… -@BernieSanders people.” young our to happens what on depends country our of future the know I &amp; Feingold "Clinton, @russfeingold: RT -H ! Happy protecting. &amp; celebrating worth That's world. the in class middle largest the and weekends, wages, higher us gave Unions everyone. for rise wages well, do unions When class. middle our rebuild to movement union strong a need We @r… via families." working for champion a been "has @timkaine Crouse-Mays: President AFL-CIO Virginia @da_wessel: RT why: Here's election. general the of endorsement newspaper every nearly earned has Hillary -H justice. to brought be must terrorists The families. victims' the to go prayers my and Jerusalem in attack today's condemn strongly I actually… what's to listening of lot a do doesn't he tell can you country," "third-world a America calls Trump When here: it Read endorsement. presidential third our makes Atlantic The @TheAtlantic: RT https:… @HillaryClinton: interviewed , of founder @iammarleydias, 11-year-old when happened what Here's @ELLEmagazine: RT Michigan of University the at @HillaryClinton for stumps @BernieSanders live: Watch @PolicyMic: RT class. middle the stiff can he thinks He that! of proud he's And taxes. income federal in nickel a pay not does multi-billionaire, a Trump, taxes? pay to you get can they when taxes pay to have they do Why system. the own they – America in Billionaires share. fair their paying start to going they're &amp; elected get gonna is @HillaryClinton billionaires: the &amp; Trump Mr. for message a got We've government. the buy to trying literally billionaires is United Citizens of result a as seeing are we What that. of part a be to proud families—I'm working for results getting about be will administration Clinton-Kaine The https:/… support to agenda @HillaryClinton's about spoke &amp; walk-in joined @timkaine that Great @rweingarten: RT did: actually himself, he, things terrible the doing of Hillary accused Trump Donald times 9 … painting six-foot-tall a buy to money charity's his of $20,000 used once .@realdonaldtrump @Fahrenthold: RT it. against stand a taking are voters more do, really would TPP the what about out comes information more As response. had Pence Mike immigrants, and Latinos demonizing and insulting Trump about pressed When problem. the solve never we'll bias, implicit about talk and up bring to able aren't we If Unpatriotic. it? call I what know You "smart." was taxes paying not said Trump Donald night, Last @timkaine: RT ) answer: Trump's to as guess (One billion? $4 spend you would how president, were you If over. is fight the mean not does that But community. LGBTQ the against discrimination end to way long a come have We spikes: price drug stop to idea bold quietly a has Clinton Hillary @Slate: RT @HillaryforMI follow updates the all get To ! in out day my Enjoying @OfficialJLD cc: like. you'd time any harmonicas my carry can you Tony, lives. save EpiPens reckless: and unforgivable is people before profits put to willingness Bresch's Heather consequences. catastrophic avoid to able be not will we boldly, act not do we If critical. is change climate on action of decade next The in! tune to sure Be campaign. our in started we revolution the continuing for vision our outline will we Tonight benefits. and wages fair for organize to right workers' for @NLRB the from victory Big game. shell complex a through high costs keep to tactic industry well-defined a is program discount EpiPen Mylan's Hike Price EpiPen Mylan’s About Concerns Raise Senators NEWS: clearly. quite him heard all we is problem His night. Monday on heard be couldn't he that isn't problem @realDonaldTrump's @jmpalmieri: RT … States: United the of president next the as serve to @HillaryClinton endorsed has .@SunSentinelOpinion @SunSentinel: RT → vote to registering by Celebrate . It's here: Watch City. Kansas in live faith her about @nbcusa_inc to talking Hillary’s much. so missing is despair and crime, poverty, only sees and community American African the at looks who Anyone @nbcusa_inc the to —Hillary us." among lost' the and last, the least, 'the especially people, all loving for you "Thank code. zip their matter no schools, good and breathe to air and drink to water clean has child every sure make to together work to have We country. our ravages violence gun of epidemic the while back sit can us of None fare. the afford can everyone so jobs good more create to job our it’s bus—now the on seat every up opened Parks Rosa playing. harmonica little a more—including for tonight in Tune @AJCalloway. me, having for Thanks … contenders Senate House, for days two in million $2 nearly raise to network donor his taps Sanders Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT … year. this force into enter to track on squarely now Agreement Climate Paris Brussels— of out news Good @johnpodesta: RT families. working for career—fighting his started he way same the campaign this finish to going is .@TimKaine issue. after issue on leader a He’s Congress. States United the to @keithellison sending for Minnesota congratulate me Let break. tax billion $53 a need not does Walmart of family Walton The street. the on sleeping children got We've years. for it paying be to and debt in dollars of thousands with school leave to people young our of millions for insane is It @HillaryClinton clear: is answer the families, working protect to ideas the has candidate which at look you If world. the around countries low-wage in products his makes he that time same the at trade about talks Trump that incomprehensible it find I Trump: Donald to according care, child in role man’s A serious. aren't proposal leave paid his of details the plans, Trump’s of most Like @TheBriefing2016: RT opponent.… her elect to helping are you all—then at vote don't you if Hillary—or than other someone for vote you "If this:… of part a Be faster. run to time it's back, your at wind's the when But great. polls—that's the in up We're too. friend, a as have to guy great a mate—he's running great a just than more is .@TimKaine started.… getting just we're and years, 100 all. for health &amp; autonomy for fighting everyone &amp; @HillaryClinton you Thank @CecileRichards: RT taxes. of share fair your pay to have to going are you -- friends his and Trump Donald for news some have I lead to unfit Trump Board: Editorial TODAY's USA @USATODAY: RT listings: local your Check morning. this @meetthepress NBC's on Sanders Sen. Watch called thing this @mike_pence—there's Hey @TheBriefing2016: RT @NHDems… @ColinVanOstern @Maggie_Hassan @HillaryforNH @HillaryClinton for campaigning @UofNH at be to Great 🎂 HRC!! Birthday Happy Surprise! @NickMerrill: RT for… life his gave who immigrant Rodriguez—an López Damián like people welcomes it because great already is America ht… daughter your be to am I as children my be to proud as are Aidan &amp; Charlotte day one that hope I Mom! Birthday Happy @ChelseaClinton: RT → Day Election until left days 13 just with Florida in campaigns Hillary live: Watch election. an of outcome the respect we’ll whether about suspense” in you “keep to going we’re say don’t we America, In Florida.” in here right are them of million two election—and this in voted already have people million 10 than "More —Hillary thrives.” America thrives, class middle the when that believe I ballot. the on is economy the of future "The —Hillary table.” the on food put can you whether about worrying poverty, in living be still shouldn’t you full-time, work you "When hate. trumps love that once-and-for-all prove Let’s future. own their chart to chance the American every give to together come Let’s books. history the for one is year this hope I Hillary. birthday, Happy @timkaine: RT vote: to plan a making by birthday happy a Hillary Wish discrimination.… housing for sued gets Trump disabilities. with kids against discrimination on takes Hillary 1973: → campaign this in left days 13 just with campaigns Hillary Tampa: from Live economy. our with wrong what’s for boy poster the is Trump Donald that campaign this in learned We’ve 10,000,001: it make can You election. this in voted already have Americans 10,000,000 than More Century. 21st the of superpower energy clean the America make to going We’re firefighter. a or policeman a or nurse a or teacher a than rate tax lower a pay never should multimillionaire A —Hillary for.” are we what It’s polls. the to go to you motivate should that against we’re what just not "It’s -H night! last show the Loved @Adele. surprise, birthday a quite was That details. the all for 47246 to JAYZ Text Hillary! for vote the out get help to concert a for Cleveland in @S_C_ Join letter… a her write to determined was he 26—today!), (October Hillary with birthday a shares he out found Bronx When card: her sign to forget Don't birthday! Hillary's It's need." we fighter the She's us. of all for fighter a is Clinton "Hillary come: to year historic) (and great a her wish to card birthday Hillary's Sign heritage. their embrace or religion their practice to afraid feel should America in child No heartbreaking. is This work! to get Let's grindstone. the to Nose complacency. No close. be to going It's @RobbyMook: RT today: vote Early there. get Hillary help can you and line, finish the to almost We're lie: racist the spread he how Here’s @POTUS. discredit to movement birther the lead to proud” "very he’s said Trump https://t… plan the thwarted maker drug's The crisis. a became opioids before prescriptions OxyContin limit to tried state One @statnews: RT politics. Senate of state obstructionist ossified, the change could candidate, superior a @DeborahRossNC, Electing mean: I what is this Americans of lives the to threat major a being corporations drug about talk I When not… people the for work must Washington 2015. since donations in million $ with Congress buy to trying is AT&amp;T nature.… of part are beings human as us of all that is us taught have people indigenous that lesson profound One Merger Warner AT&amp;T-Time Block to Department Justice Urges Sanders NEWS: less. not ownership, media diverse more need We https://t… with poverty Senior : without poverty Senior @TalkPoverty: RT books. history the for one is year this hope I Hillary. birthday, Happy card: her sign to forget Don’t birthday! Hillary’s is Today 8: November on vote to plan a Make birthday? happy a Hillary wish to way best The hiding? he What's Trump. for returns—except tax their released has candidate presidential every years, forty For here: volunteer to up sign tied--please is race The deck! on hands All @ZephyrTeachout: RT script the Follow 3. state a Pick 2. to Go 1. easy! is Hillary for calls Making president: be to her prepared state of secretary as tenure Hillary's why on leaders World at country the around Americans from Hillary to letters out Check @Tumblr! new a have We donations. for rich the beg to have not and office for run can anyone sure making about is revolution political The vote: to registered you're sure Make it. waste Don't Prisons Private of Use Federal End to Decision Applauds Sanders NEWS: —@BernieSanders president." elected is Clinton Hillary that sure make to can we everything do to got have "We one). hard a not (it’s election this in jobs on choice The Americans. of for nothing do and half in rates tax their cut millionaires let would Loophole Trump The disabilities. with people mocks and women, demeans families, Star Gold insults who man same the still is Trump Donald site: "news" fringe this running for responsible guy the also is chief campaign new Trump’s @TheBriefing2016: RT Getty | role commander-in-chief for "unfit" is @realDonaldTrump Kaine: @politico: RT this. than better We’re defend. to fighting are we values very the against go prisoners mistreat and torture to calls Trump’s get. CEOs their paychecks dollar multi-million the at look Just levels. obscene to prices their raise companies drug why mystery a not It’s million. $18 over to raise 671% a got CEO company’s the prices, drug egregious Mylan's afford can't they because dying are Americans While medications. seven on 100% than more and medications, 24 on 20% than more prices raised has Mylan EpiPens. just not It’s prices. their quadruple to acceptable is it thinks company the but improving, isn’t drugs Mylan’s of quality The 542%. gallstones, treat to used medication generic a ursodiol, of price the increased They 444%. disease, reflux gastroesophageal treat to used commonly is which metoclopramide, of price the increased They 400%. by up jacked price its had syndrome, bowel irritable treat to used drug a Dicyclomine, customers. their of lives the over profits their value companies drug when wrong very very, is Something industry. pharmaceutical the of CEOs the just not everyone, for work that policies drug prescription enact to time is It -H need: in families displaced helping is @RedCross The Mississippi. &amp; Louisiana in flooding the monitoring Closely concocted. has party Republican the hysteria xenophobic bigoted, the by divided be to ourselves allow cannot We president:… becomes never he sure make to in Chip Americans. of millions to lied and stage debate a on stood Trump Sexes.” the of “Battle the in Riggs Bobby defeated King Jean Billie champion tennis 1973, in day this On choice. hard a Not veterans? our of care take or cut tax huge a family Trump the Give @CHCI at community Latino the to —Hillary you." with I’m and you, see I that know to you want "I others. and Mexicans Muslims, scapegoating up, us divide to trying - bigotry on based done, has Trump Donald as campaign, a run don't You https… president" become not must that like things does who man "A statements: "birther" Trump's criticizes .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT abomination. an That’s 18. turn they before year one least at for line poverty the under live will children black 4 of out 3 charities. actual stiffing opponents, would-be off paying foundation: Trump's Donald deal. this block should @TheJusticeDept Americans. all to threat a is Bayer by Monsanto of takeover attempted The disaster. a beyond disaster, absolute an be would it think I country? this of people the for mean presidency Trump Donald a would What sense. common is wage minimum the Raising workers. better become they rent, pay to going they're how about worry to have don't workers When ballot." the on is Justice ballot. the on is Democracy ballot. the on is Tolerance ballot. the on is "Progress prayer… My yesterday. away passed who Thompson, Ken DA Brooklyn servant public outstanding and friend my of Thinking president for @HillaryClinton recommend We @dallasnews: RT anniversary: DACA's on people undocumented young to letter A barrier." a be never should birth your of place "The … president for Clinton Hillary endorses board editorial Post's Washington The @washingtonpost: RT —@FLOTUS… kids." our to message clear a sending are we then election, this win opponent Hillary's let we "If race! 2016 the discuss to @jaketapper joins @BernieSanders on Sunday @CNNSotu: RT pre… a There's people. for fought I've companies. pipeline and lenders payday for lobbyist a was Faso, John opponent, My @ZephyrTeachout: RT economy. nation’s our of 60% to —equivalent trillion $10 nearly of assets have which banks big other and Fargo Wells up break must We —@azcentral rhetoric." own his command can’t Trump arsenal. nuclear our commands president "The accountable. bankers hold and Steagall Glass reinstate banks, big up break we that demand and up stand to people of millions need We Presidential. hands. his in economy the have would Trump Donald president, becomes he If Remember: pipeline. Access Dakota dangerous the stopping in Tribe Sioux Rock Standing the of sisters and brothers our with stand must all We Ameri… LGBT showing by courage that honor let's , On courage. incredible takes often out Coming president? he's if change that would Why hurt. gets else who matter all—no above profits own his put always Trump's Hillary: elect help to *today* do can you things 8 Hillary: endorsed just paper the why Here's Democrat. a endorsed never has @azcentral history, 120-year its In be? you can hypocritical How people. working of champion of kind some he’s that pretend is do to trying is Trump What better? life your make will that action into plans the put can Who election: this in question The people. our and planet our ravages change climate profits, record in raking are companies fuel fossil While health? people's over profits fuel fossil putting stop Republicans do When recorded. ever month hottest the was July 2016. de agosto de 18 el Trump, —Donald mentiré" les "Nunca @Hillary_esp: RT negotiator. worse even an from idea bad a for: pay will Mexico that wall A plan nuestro Lee grande. más ser puede no inmigración en Trump y Hillary entre diferencia La https://t.… Americans? all serve he can how Americans, all respect or Americans all see doesn’t Trump If @HillaryForGA: RT day. every choice that make to have millions yet and food, their and medicine their between choose to have ever should in America in one No York." New and Jersey, New Minnesota, in attacks terrorist apparent the condemn strongly "I puede. se Juntos @Hillary_esp: RT puede. se Juntos @Hillary_esp: RT said: also Trump's What citizens." its for opinion low a such have you if nation this lead can't "you says Trump fuels. fossil of amounts enormous on depend to continuing of consequences devastating the afford cannot States United The America. in race about truths hard the face to have We president. be to takes it what has Trump Donald believes them of one Not Obama. Bush. Clinton. Bush. Carter. hasn't. Trump Donald it. of out grow bullies are who people Most deplorable. it's And racism. normalizing It's game: a isn't supremacists white of courting Pence's and Trump pipeline. Access Dakota the to no say to PM 5 at House White The at leaders tribal and me Join —@FLOTUS champion.” a need who kids for fighting life her spent has she why is drives what is “Hope here:… video own your kids—make our for future better a leave to responsibility a have we because November: this Hillary for voting he's why about daughter his to letter a wrote Republican lifelong This Again? Great Slovenia Mexico Vietnam Indonesia India China Bangladesh ________ Make Trump: Donald → Day Election on does it sure make Let’s paranoia and prejudice on campaign his built has Trump start, the From .@HillaryClinton: @Morning_Joe: RT tonight. back Hillary's have to proud you're if this RT @NHDems!… @ColinVanOstern @Maggie_Hassan support to Glad office. for running candidates fine some has Hampshire New elections.” buy can billionaires sure make “Let’s thinking weren’t they sure pretty I’m Constitution, the wrote Fathers Founding the When tonight. back Hillary's have to proud you're if this RT @HillaryClinton: RT -H forward. step right the is This prisons. private of use the ending is Department Justice the that see to Glad https:… -H forward. step right the is This prisons. private of use the ending is Department Justice the that see to Glad @HillaryClinton: RT —@TimKaine degree." college affordable an seeking American every with and students with siding "We’re … started: Get tool. call online our using home from voters Call win: Hillary help to now do can you something Here's @HFA: RT this: it make debate, tonight's before thing one read you If apart. them tearing not together, stay families immigrant more helping be should We history. made and gold won @Simone_Manuel swimmer Olympic night, Last Congress. of session lame-duck a during TPP on vote a to opposition in record on go and Clinton Sec. join must Democrats Senate and House Sanders Bernie By Inspired People Young By Bids Saw Primary Vermont @vprnet: RT 10%. is rate poverty elderly the Today, poverty. in lived seniors of half nearly law, into signed was Security Social Before -H safe. stay &amp; warnings latest the heed Please flooding. dangerous such with dealing Carolinians South and North for concerned really I’m -H Matthew: Hurricane by affected families the help to in chip able, you’re If -H fast. easy an and day meaningful a you Wishing . celebrating those to tova chatima G’mar 't… days 17 woman. strong a such support to happier be couldn't I and ticket, this joined I since months 3 been It's —Hillary night." good a having not is problems microphone about complains who "Anyone Revolution! Our of launch 24 August the for country the across state every in events 2300 passed just We live.” to want we which in world the not is “This say, and up rise people when happens Change career: successful a have to degree four-year a need shouldn't you why reasons Eight wage. living a to wage starvation current the raise must We hour. an $15 to wage minimum the increasing from benefit would workers NJ 3 in 1 American. is @POTUS that believe to refuses he why exactly answer to have should Trump discrimination. and sexism but nothing is That makes. man white a what of 60% make women Black hat… much so with someone for bad feel honestly I disability. sees only he me, like people see doesn't Trump "Donald both… in wins home bring Let's Day. Election is season football than about excited more I'm thing only the fall This drugs life-saving on hikes price 'unjustified' address to plan announces Clinton @ReutersPolitics: RT → Tampa in trail the hits Hillary as live Watch left. days 63 vote: to registered you’re sure Make higher. be couldn’t campaign this in stakes The make. to corporation a for investment profitable most the be not should lobbyists on dollars of millions spending democracy, a In Commander-in-Chief. be to unfit is disaster" "a military American the calls who Anyone stronger back comes she down, knocked gets she When tough" is Clinton "Hillary Obama: Michelle @CNNPolitics: RT "smart." you make doesn't more and care, health kids' schools, public military, our to nothing Contributing ,… Arbor, Ann and , Dearborn, at us Join MI! to coming is Sanders Bernie Sen. @DebDingell: RT him.… like just be can you voting, to comes it when And early. be to loves really me—@POTUS Trust Seriously. richer. himself make to system tax whole America's game he'll president, becomes Trump Donald If the in workers than deal better a get country industrialized major other every in workers protections, workplace basic to comes it When … Hillary: elect help to how on recommendations personalized for quiz our Take type? personality volunteer your What's @HFA: RT down. gone have benefits and wages their productive, more become have workers as that acceptable not is It disgrace. a is did just Trump What citizenship. @POTUS's on jury &amp; judge himself appointed again Trump theory, conspiracy racist a pushing of years for regret zero Expressing asinine. is attacked Trump who president the to service" great a "did it say to Attempting deplorable. is movement birther the Leading lying. is he America, in born was @POTUS that denying for blame deflect to tries Trump When glue." you're rubber, "I'm it call Kids "projecting." it call Psychologists others. on faults his turns Trump Again, it. buys one No work. doesn’t It done. you’ve things worst the did else someone say to get just don’t You said: be to have shouldn't This back. it take just can't He president. American African first the undermining at aimed conspiracy racist a peddling years spent has Trump people. American the of needs the at look and that from away back to got We've personality. about talk we much too politics In disgrace. a is did just Trump What @HillaryClinton: RT candidate. presidential a was he before long started discrimination and prejudice of pattern Trump's Donald . about word impromptu an giving Beyoncé here's vote, to motivation need you If @RaquelWillis_: RT together. stand will We up. us divide to demagogues other and Trump Donald allow to going not are We https://t.… Clinton Hillary for together campaign Warren Elizabeth and Sanders Bernie Sens. LIVE: WATCH @NBCNews: RT Hillary.… need We first. country our put will who one need first—we himself puts who president a need don't We change. climate reversing on lead the taking means that and stage, global the on leader a be to needs country our believe I https://t… poverty: reducing &amp; work rewarding kids, young for $2,000 to Credit Tax Child the double will @HillaryClinton NEW: @mpshapiro: RT that. About Trump —Donald citizens." its for opinion low a such have you if nation this lead can't "You now: in Chip House. White the reaches never bullying @realDonaldTrump's sure Make himself. of Portraits Payoffs. settlements. Legal money—on: people's other spending at good really is Trump Donald celebrated. and loved, accepted, is culture every where America an create can we Together employees. all for conditions working and benefits, pay, better to leads members—it their serve just doesn’t unions Strengthening aisle." the across working of record a that is mate running my be to Kaine Tim asked I reasons the of "One future. the build and out go Let’s American… all to affront an is plot "This community. Somali at aimed Kansas in plot terror disrupted on .@HillaryClinton @rosenbergerlm: RT —@POTUS happens." progress decade, after decade it at kept has Hillary way the it at keep we "If registered. you're sure make to 47246 to CLIMATE Text —@AlGore election.” this in difference the all make can vote your me, from it "Take ballot. the on is progress Our ballot. the on is Justice ballot. the on is Equality can. she Yes @HFA: RT examining.” now is he what of details full the provide immediately to people American the to it owes Director “The live: Watch Florida. in trail the on Hillary’s Day, Election until days 10 just With —Hillary: distracted.” be won’t We down. back won’t we days, last these in us at throw they what matter "No —Hillary election.” this of story the that make Let’s voting. for had ever we’ve that record every break "Let’s women. of treatment demeaning Trump’s Donald rejecting are Americans division. and hate reject to together coming are Americans vote: Go stake. at is women for pay Equal stake. at is equality LGBT stake. at is economy our of future The further." even go and @POTUS under made we’ve progress the on build to proud be will I president. new a have to going we’re 20, January "On http… anyway. letter the sent he But emails. these of significance" the know don't "we -- himself it said Comey James @TheBriefing2016: RT —@NYTimes case" email Clinton in move on Comey discouraged strongly Dept. "Justice —@POTUS 8." November on close polls the until way the all hustling you want "I https:/… facts. the Get Director. FBI the by leaders Congressional to sent letter bewildering a about heard probably You've @johnpodesta: RT ge… help to this RT down. Hillary bring to try to stops the all out pulling are Republicans go, to days 10 just With event: an at you See @HillaryforCO. @HillaryClinton for campaigning today state your in I'm Colorado: in Friends t… purple from state their move to ready are Coloradans &amp; @coloradodems today! me having for @HillaryforCO to Thanks https://t… truly are We @HillaryClinton for GOTV to today @MomsDemand CO joining .@MartinOMalley @LynnPinB: RT Tickets: tonight. Dinner @MontcopaDems at @HillaryforPA @HillaryClinton for campaigning I'm Philly: in Friends voice. a deserve They long. too far for and much, too far suffered have Americans Native country, this over All planet. this of beings human the destroying ultimately are we nature, destroy we When -@billmckibben Keystone New the Is Dakota Why Read: Must change. climate against fight our to blow huge a be would Pipeline Access Dakota The Keystone. against stood you as just Pipeline Access Dakota the against stand a take to time It's President: Mr. it. of proud they're and crooks, of bunch a are executives industry Pharmaceutical repaid. be never can that gratitude of debt a people American Native the owes States United The : you while to listen to songs favorite my of few A htt… policy with inconsistent was emails Clinton on Congress update to decision director's that FBI warned Dept. Justice @washingtonpost: RT off? us ripping are who companies drug to up stand to guts the have we Do this: to down comes America in costs prescription of future The https://… aquí: afectados los para donar Puedes Matthew. huracán del trayecto el en familias de millones las por Preocupada @Hillary_esp: RT them. about says Trump Donald what than better deserve families military and veterans Our production. fuel fossil expand should we believes Trump problems. devastating creating and real is change climate understands Hillary Trump by Used Loopholes Tax Close to Bill Announces Sanders NEWS: 3/3. ruins in campaign Trump the left performances debate three Clinton’s Hillary @voxdotcom: RT countries. different 12 to jobs outsourced who guy a for lot a hat Again" Great America "Make his loves Trump idea. good a like Sounds chairman. Budget the be I'll Senate, the loses GOP the If said: @SpeakerRyan what heard I morally… is it economy, our to damaging that is only Not leave. sick paid no have country this in people million 51 Trump on —@POTUS could.” he as people working from away far as stay to trying life his of most spent "He’s America. corporate and Street Wall on take to prepared are we unless needs country this changes the make can't We Hillary on editor-in-chief —@WIRED's met." I’ve politician any unlike is detail and issues of mastery “Her back. that take just can’t He citizenship. @POTUS's about lying years five spent Trump Donald percent. 1 the for breaks tax massive for calls who billionaire a He's people. working with stand to going isn’t Trump Donald -@BernieSanders candidate." superior the is far by @HillaryClinton the at look you "If @TheDemocrats: RT 2016 18, August Trump, —Donald you.” to lie never will “I Pennsylvania… in night last —Hillary ballot." the on is it about, care you issue what matter "No close. up takes it work the seen I've Anne—so wife my Hillary's—and of passion a is system care foster our Reforming vote: to Register out. sit to important too is election This @FLOTUS: from it Take Ohio in Clinton Hillary for campaigns Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @NBCNews: RT racism. than less nothing is That Obama. President delegitimize to tried which Movement," "Birther the in leader a was Trump Donald States. United the of president for campaign any of cornerstone the as bigotry accept cannot we 2016, year the In free. tuition college making about talk must We grade. 1st-12th about talk to enough good longer no it's education public about talk we When affordable. college make will who candidate one only There's have. they debt student much how ask vote, won't they say friends your When memory. their be Blessed Army. American the saved 400 Maryland the 1776, 27, August day this On —@DenverPost Clinton” Hillary race: this in candidate qualified clearly the choose and Trump dump to voters urge "We -H looks. it as easy as isn't Diplomacy test. foreign first his failed just Trump zero is Mexico from immigration Net claims. mongering fear his &amp; @realDonaldTrump for check Reality @YesOn62 it banned that MD incl states 19 join to CA for Time biased. racially &amp; crime deterring at ineffective costly, is penalty death The grandchildren. and kids our for habitable and healthy is that Earth Mother a on passing than important more is that nothing is There -H hikes. price these for justification no There's death. and life between difference the be can EpiPens … hikes. price these for justification no There's death. and life between difference the be can EpiPens @HillaryClinton: RT “phony." a and “fraud” a is Trump Donald said he when head the on nail the hit he but @MittRomney quote rarely very I @BernieSande… — country." this of class middle the for tuition-free universities and colleges public make to going are "We @HillaryforNH: RT @TeamUSA. for medal gold Olympic second her on @ClaressaShields Michigan's Flint, to Congrats together. Stronger @timkaine: RT us. for decisions life-or-death making Room Situation the in him picture tantrum, a throws Trump time next The -H you. with I'm joy. much so us brings who someone all of this—least deserves one no @Lesdoggg, great. so America makes what of part are Luisa's like Stories team: her Join 1976. in Rodham Hillary organizer Indiana -H families. victims’ the to out goes heart My earthquakes. today's to respond they as Myanmar and Italy both of people the about Thinking midnight: by volunteers 50,000 recruit us Help Day! Volunteer @HFA It's Trump Donald on —@FLOTUS ‘them.’” is America of most him, to that, clear becoming “It’s president. their be to Trump Donald want not do I kids. 4 and grandchildren beautiful 7 have I powerful. the on take necessary, when and, people working with stand to poor, the with stand to courage the have we that imperative is It care. health to right a have should people all happens: it until it saying keep I’ll but it, say to have I times many how know don’t I them. educate to spending than faster rises people incarcerate to spending when problem a have we know We radical. a as me count yes, then country, other any than jail in people more have shouldn't States United the that think to radical it's If unacceptable. just is That schools. on spending as fast as times three increased has corrections on spending local and state years, 30 In Reagan. Ronald socialist" "radical under paid they what today taxes in paid corporations if colleges public tuition-free fund fully could We people. American the to hazard health major a become has industry pharmaceutical The children. their and people our for economy, our for environment, our for -- sustainable is that future a ensure to is Congress in job Our outrageous. That's treatment. per $84,000 or pill, per $1,000 to price the up jacked and medication funded taxpayer a bought Gilead says report taxes, in billion $10 avoided drug $84,000 of Maker @4TaxFairness: RT potential. country's this understand you if not grandchildren, or kids your for future decent a want you if option--not an not is Despair it. need they when need they treatment abuse substance the get to people for easier it make must We up. us divide to anybody allow to not is job Our back. fight to is job Our up. stand to is job Our Congress. of true is same the why explaining in way long a goes Americans most with step of out wildly are views billionaires' that fact The it. doing while rich getting and impunity with planet the destroying is industry fuel fossil The nation. our for tragedy a It's individuals. those for tragedy a just isn't cost to due college to going from people young discourage To need. they medication the afford can't who millions of lives the for fighting means hikes price senseless over lobby drug the Challenging college. through childcare from world the in system educational best the have must we economy, global a in prosper to are we If people. French the support to ready stands States United The Nice. in killed those of ones loved and families the with are thoughts My issue. moral a is It issue. human a is It economy. stronger a building of matter a just not is inequality wealth and Income billionaires. of greed the indulging not class, middle the protect to fighting is about be should economy American the What fuels. fossil to addiction society’s of consequences severe most the bear will communities minority and low-income in live who People discussion. of vote—end to registered is age of years 18 everyone that demand to much too not is It economy. productive real the of outside centers profit huge as standing themselves, unto island an be cannot institutions Financial bailout? their Where's collapse. Street Wall the of result a as wealth their of half lost nationwide community African-American The do. should we what obvious It’s jobs. create we and bills energy people’s cut we planet, the help we energy, sustainable to switch we When family. every to promise that keep must We college. to go kids their see they'd parents, as hard worked they if that was dream parents' My sick. get they if bankrupt go will they that fear in live to have should Earth, on country richest the in people all of least one, No percent. top the of wages the than faster times three roughly grown has compensation CEO should. they taxes the pay finally marketplace the manipulating billions make who managers fund hedge if taxes lower pay can Americans Most wage. starvation a undoubtedly is That year. a $15,000 about making are you wage, minimum federal current the at week a hours 40 work you If nation. our of fabric the become have programs these Yet socialist. called was - wage minimum a Medicare, - proposed FDR everything Almost become? to wish we do nation of kind What question: moral a asking we're ultimately reform, campaign and inequality wealth discuss we When doing. be should we what exactly is that and jobs, million 13 create would infrastructure our repair to investment of trillion $1 a Making backwards. it got We’ve lobbyists. their and wealthy the welcomes it yet you, on back its turns government poor, are you if now, Right care. health no have they when free truly not are People family. their feed to unable are they when free truly not are People ways. racist and xenophobic in up us divide to trying again are people now but discrimination combatting in progress enormous made have We children. have quarter a than more wage, minimum hour an $15 a under raise a get would who workers Of them. expand to have We rights. women's on retreating avoid just to enough not It’s us. me, Not Together. continues. revolution that and America transform to revolution political a begun have we Together, that. for her congratulate I and process, nominating Democratic the won has .@HillaryClinton campaign. our on hard so worked who volunteers of thousands of hundreds the and me for voted who Americans million 13 the to you Thank Hampshire. New in trail the on Hillary joins @BernieSanders as live Watch @HillaryClinton: RT addre… to ideas the &amp; people American the of needs the about It's Sanders. Bernie electing about just isn't campaign This @BernieSanders: RT presidency. Clinton Hillary a and House Democratic a Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform progressive our see to is now job Our … help. your need we president, a electing just than more in interested you’re If @BernieSanders: RT California. in Bernie debate to afraid too was who guy same the from talk Big continue. must — revolution political this — ours of movement This right. is what for fighting stop never will We … @BernieSanders: from note A movement." our needs country our ever than more "Now @TheDemocrats: RT beyond. and November through continue we as support your for ask I campaign, historic this throughout have you As program. care health national single-payer a is crisis care health America's to solution long-term only The energy. sustainable toward and fuel fossil from away system energy our pushing in world the leading be should States United The us joins @BernieSanders @CBSThisMorning: ON AHEAD @CBSThisMorning: RT . will We Bland. Sandra job. another get should they election, free a face can't Republicans If vote. the suppress to overtime working are governors Republican $ of wage minimum federal the raising opposes but rich the to breaks tax huge give to wants Trump Bully Billionaire Pathetic. … convention. at equity pay and reform, justice criminal reform, immigration on speaks .@BernieSanders @LULAC: RT out. stay to prison from released are who people allow that conditions the create can we America of States United the In planet. entire the to damage devastating causing already is and activity human by caused it's real, is change Climate over. is debate The registered. automatically is vote to eligible is who older or age of years 18 anyone that so registration, voter universal implement must We sentences. minimum mandatory long unnecessarily serving are America in people many Too sentencing. minimum end to need We for. stands Constitution our what not is elections buying Billionaires public. data that make and custody police in happen that deaths on data collect to states require must We Shameful. issues. the about discussion serious a need We opera. soap a or game baseball a like treated be not should politics society, democratic a In poverty. in live to has week a hours 40 working nobody ensures that America an creating about is movement Our … @thenation via History Party Democratic in Platform Progressive Most the Delivered Sanders Bernie How @KatrinaNation: RT participation. political without place take cannot Change response. first the not resort, last the be must War sake. goodness' for half in pills cutting are people Elderly prescribe. doctors their drugs prescription the afford can't people five in One disappearing. been has — world the of envy the once — country our of class middle great the years 40 last the For conviction. felony a by away taken vote to right their had have who Americans million 5 than more the re-enfranchise to need We share. fair their pay corporations large and wealthy the Street, Wall means reform tax Real countries. other and Canada from drugs prescription importing to barriers the reduce and prices drug negotiate to Medicare allow must We involved: Get movement. our are you And movement. a It's moment. a not is This shameless. truly It's taxes. paying avoid to ways inventive and new with drugs on prices outrageous couple companies pharmaceutical American enough? is enough say and industry pharmaceutical the of greed the to up stand to courage the have Congress will point what At movement. grassroots powerful a without country this of families working the facing crises the address effectively can alone president No contributors. campaign wealthy and billionaires of handful a just not - us of all to belongs country this because movement a building are We elections. buy to continue to able be won't they that class billionaire the and brothers Koch the tell to movement grassroots a need We all. of lives the improve to together coming about is Politics opera. soap a not is politics you, tells media the what Despite politicians. buy to millionaires allowed has which decision Court Supreme United Citizens disastrous this overturn to going we're Together movement. grassroots unprecedented an organize and together come to nation the across people asking I'm about. is America what not is This parents. their than living of standard lower a have may generation younger Our seniors. low-income to paid benefits minimum increase and cost-of-living-adjustments increase would Security Social on cap the Lifting inequality. that protects that structure power a have we inequality, income and wealth of level absence an have only not we America in Today continue. must revolution political This over. from far is work our but – historic is far so accomplished we've What acceptable. longer no is change climate to related science the Denying say. to has Pope the what to listen Republicans the hope I richer. even made be to need America in people richest the that believe Republicans the inequality, massive of time a At planet. this of future the than important more not are profits short-term their that industry fossil-fuel the to say to got have We people. Palestinian the to but Israel, to only not friend a be to got also has States United the peace, of cause the advance To … . to time is It lives. innocent 49 claimed that tragedy the since month one marks Today @HRC: RT Hampshire. New in trail the on Hillary joins @BernieSanders as live Watch —@BernieSanders 1%." the just not and us, of all represents which government a for fight to continue will we "Together, that. for her congratulate I and process, nominating Democratic the won has .@HillaryClinton @BernieSanders: RT —@BernieSanders that." for her congratulate I and process, nominating Democratic the won has Clinton "Secretary —@BernieSanders president." next the be will she certain make to can I everything do to intend I Democratic the be will "She Hampshire New in —@BernieSanders Clinton." Hillary endorsing am I why to as possible as clear as it make to here come have "I —@BernieSanders face." we that crises serious very the addressing and people American the of needs the about is campaign "This —@BernieSanders that." do to candidate best the away and far is Clinton mind my in doubt no is "There —@BernieSanders poverty.” in living be not should person that week, a hours 40 works America in someone if that understands Clinton "Hillary —@BernieSanders nominate." will Trump Donald justices SCOTUS the about not is election this thinks there out anyone "If Trump on —Bernie coverage." care health to access lose will millions whether about care doesn’t who president a we thing last "The —Bernie millionaires.” fund hedge than higher rate tax effective an paying are Americans middle-class that absurd is it that "knows Hillary —@BernieSanders up." us dividing not together, people our bringing about be must election "This —@BernieSanders together.” us—stand of American—all Native American, Asian Latino, white, and black when stronger become "We —@BernieSanders Party." Democratic the of history the in platform progressive most the far, by produced, "We Clin… Hillary a and House Democratic a Senate, Democratic a by implemented platform progressive our see to is now job Our @BernieSanders: RT —@BernieSanders today." her with stand to proud am I and president, outstanding an make will Clinton "Hillary @BernieSanders on —Hillary country.” our about deeply care who people young of generation a inspired and energized has "He injustice. fighting of lifetime a for but endorsement, your for just not @BernieSanders, you, Thank us. of all require will serve they communities the and enforcement law between respect and trust rebuilding and racism systemic on Taking —Hillary America.” in violence gun of epidemic the end to action meaningful real, take “Let’s wage. minimum the raising we’re wage, minimum the cutting not we’re watching, you’re if Donald, sorry So wage. starvation a is hour an $ altogether.” schools those at tuition eliminate we’ll year, a $125,000 than less making families “For taxes. of share fair their pay super-rich the and corporations, Street, Wall that sure make to going We’re all. for and once women for pay equal guarantee Let’s leave. family paid offer Let’s it. privatize or cut Security—not Social expand Let’s —Hillary country.” the across rights voting on attacks against back fight Let’s harder. not vote, to easier it make "Let's voices. your needs desperately country Our you. thank campaign, Bernie’s into soul and heart your poured who everyone To know.” you too, donations, $27 accept We to go Or 47246. to JOIN text and now right phone your out take can "You election. this win go let’s Together, —@BernieSanders today." her with stand to proud am I and president outstanding an make will Clinton "Hillary all. us from contributions require citizens—will and police between trust rebuilding racism—and systemic on Taking @HillaryClinton sequel. the in women Include @Lin_Manuel: RT education. an to right girl's every for fighting for you Thank Malala! birthday, Happy … agenda. rights civil nation's the on speak opportunity the skip and president for run cannot You @NAACP: RT justice?" promote and violence stop to do I can "What ourselves, ask Let’s Hillary. sobre Obama alguien"—presidente a juzga se como es Así respeto. con todos a trataba ella cómo "Vi you. alongside fight to Proud @BernieSanders. you, Thank https://t… two. Or ago. decade a written been have could it like feels platform, GOP hard-right the on @jwpetersNYT from This @mikiebarb: RT speakers. Trump's of copy a found finally we but awhile, took It @TheBriefing2016: RT together. stronger always we're America, In December: since and say who people uniting been has hashtag One @HFA: RT 1858. in speech divided" "house his gave Lincoln where statehouse, Illinois the from speaks Hillary as live Watch —Hillary stand.'" cannot itself against divided house 'A said: us for resonance hold ago years those all spoke Lincoln words "The people. all for justice promote that policies embrace to need We attitudes. our and laws our at look hard a take to need We —Hillary again” happen doesn’t week last saw we kind the like violence where country a in up grow to children our of "I ago. year Bland—one Sandra Castile. Philando Sterling. Alton incidents. police in killed been have ones loved whose families to listen Let's —Hillary disposable." are lives their like black many Too Matter.' Lives 'Black say who those to listen to need "We serve. they communities the with trust rebuild to day every hard working officers police principled dedicated, the to listen to need We ground. common is this ground, common for looking we’re If violence. gun prevent to have we agree: owners gun of majority vast The violence. gun stop to more do to need We police. support to need We reform. justice criminal need We once: at true be can things These —Hillary II.” War World since jobs good-paying new, in investment biggest the make will we president, as days 100 first my “In dangerous. so is Trump Donald why that's And apart. us split not together, us pull help can who president a need we these, like times In Trump on —Hillary him." about all somehow police—is by people black of killing this—the "Even —Hillary wrong." badly gone has something sign a it’s debates, policy and candidates political by scared are kids "When president? as same the do would he doubt any there Is him. criticized have who press the of members banished has Trump @Hillar… - Policía". la con incidentes en pasada semana la vidas sus perdieron también que latinos 5 que reconocer que "Hay @Jorge_Silva: RT restrained? be he’d think you Do military. our IRS—or the also but opponents, and critics after go to Twitter just not had Trump if Imagine himself." to listens only something. learn actually might He while. a in once people other to listen would Donald wish do "I —Hillary afraid." be should you that message A America. to message dangerous ugly, an to up adds campaign Trump’s "Donald —Hillary own." our as struggles other’s each on take Let’s other. each to allies than more be "Let’s —Hillary all.” for justice and liberty with indivisible, be will We divided.' be to 'cease will we work, the do we “If own. our as struggles other’s each on take Let’s other. each to allies than more be Let’s —@MarkKellyTyler fair." and inclusive, tolerant, more society our make to all us push will who leader a need "We @HillaryClinton. endorses @JohnFetterman Mayor Braddock supporter Sanders Bernie Former BREAKING: @HillaryforPA: RT together. stronger we're because together stand We walls. not bridges, build We up. other each lift we America, In — ) to committed Democrats the when (or day the of news important incredibly the On @lessig: RT @hamiltonmusical. brilliance tactical practical, of presence the In together. it solve to need We problem. our of all is Americans against violence Gun listening. are kids our mouth, his opens @realDonaldTrump When Remember: stu… of dose daily a for Follow Trump. Donald literally tool: devastating a got we've Trump Donald stop to fight the In @literally_trump: RT @LULAC: at live speak Hillary watch to in Tune @LULAC at —Hillary America.” of future the are you because America of future the shape us help to have "Latinos @LULAC at —Hillary here." disconnect a There’s wealth. its of 2% only hold you but population, country’s our of 17% are "Latinos —Hillary outrageous." just is That man. white a by earned dollar every for cents 55 just earn pay gender the close to need "We wage. minimum the raise to need We poverty. in live ever should America in full-time works who one No college: afford color, of students especially students, more help will plan college new Hillary's —Hillary universities.” and colleges public at tuition eliminate we’ll year, a $125,000 than less making families “For —Hillary: citizenship.” to path a with reform immigration comprehensive introduce will days…I 100 first my "In this. fix to have We home. get they when there be will dad or mom if knowing not morning, every parents their to bye say kids many Too bowl. taco a of picture a out tweeting is outreach” “Latino thinks who someone nominate will Republicans Cleveland, in week Next division. racial of flames the fans just That heritage." "Mexican his of because trusted be can't judge federal a said .@realDonaldTrump comment.” racist a of definition textbook “the Curiel, Judge on comments Trump’s called @SpeakerRyan Even —Hillary Trump." Donald as American as and am I as American as is Curiel Judge won’t: Trump Donald what say will "I rails. the off badly gone has something sign a it’s debates, policy and politicians our by scared are kids our When —Hillary equal.” are us of all that notion timeless simple, the reflects that future a ourselves…toward and country our move to have “We -H key. is enforcement Effective work. can diplomacy principled Strong, program. nuclear Iran’s on lid a put has the in, year One … Americans ALL are we believes that candidate a for fight to proud I'm and American an I'm @lorellapraeli: RT community. American the of part vital a are Latinos that voice one with say to got We’ve → Virginia in stage the take @TimKaine Senator and Hillary as live Watch http… us: Join —@HillaryClinton. history." our in elections consequential most the of one is "This @HillaryforVA: RT … “U”: Trump like schools fake about @DeptVetAffairs &amp; @CFPB @FTC, @usedgov, to letter a sent I &amp; Dems Senate 11 @SenWarren: RT Nice in attack the on —Hillary France" of people the with solidarity strong in stands American "Every @TimKaine. Senator and Virginia you, Thank him: about know to need you What mate. running his as Pence Mike chose just @realDonaldTrump official: It's pick. VP his to hello say America, for plan dangerous his with sticking Trump about doubts any had you If House: White the of out agenda extreme their and Pence, Mike Trump, Donald keep to in Chip America. for disaster potential and Indiana of governor current Pence: Mike pick, VP Trump's know to Get president. vice for choice his love to going you’re Trump, Donald like you If vicepresidente. para escogió quién conoce país, el para plan peligroso su continuará Trump que duda alguna tenías Si él: de saber debes que lo Aquí vicepresidente. su ser para Pence Mike a escoger de acaba @realDonaldTrump Oficial: this: of more fund to dollars tax federal your use to wanted Pence Mike @GavinNewsom: RT Kill.” Doesn’t “Smoking titled op-ed an wrote Pence time one and Oh, @TheBriefing2016: RT Indiana. in outbreak HIV an caused Parenthood Planned against battle Pence's Mike @cameronesposito: RT bloc… to attempt law, (Anti-LGBT him. like look don’t who ppl attacking policies supporting of history long a has Pence Gov @DanMalloyCT: RT … Security. Social privatize to wants really really, really, he and wage, minimum the raising opposes He @TheBriefing2016: RT haircut. different a with Trump Donald He’s Pence: Mike https:… lobby. gun the from donations campaign in thousands of tens accepted NRA, the by A-rated : pick VP Trump's @MomsDemand: RT . in situation the on Hillary decisive. so Not divisive. Always Trump: Donald people. LGBT against discriminate to businesses allowed that legislation for advocated Pence Mike FACT: history. in tickets anti-woman most the of one is this but women" for "great he's thinks Trump @UltraViolet: RT https:/… ever than more Now for. fought have people LGBTQ all to threat a are @mike_pence and .@realDonaldTrump @ChadHGriffin: RT control… to trying for famous is who VP a picked – bimbos &amp; pigs fat women calls who guy a – @realDonaldTrump COURSE Of @elizabethforma: RT Pence Mike pick, VP —Trump's history." of heap ash the to sent is Wade v. Roe that day the for long "I pro-cigarettes but anti-immigrant, anti-LGBTQ, anti-woman, is Pence Mike pick VP Trump's Donald @nowthisnews: RT go: you Here Pence. Mike about say to plenty got ​*we’ve*​ Well, planet the *literally* And ✔️ Immigrants ✔️ Women ✔️ economy The ✔️ for: Bad https:… . end to ready you're if RT days! 30 first in plan reform pledges .@HillaryClinton @StopBigMoney: RT mate. running his him made just Trump Donald And abortion. outlaw would Pence Mike to? up looking kids our want we do president of kind What community. American the of part vital a are Latinos that voice one with say to got We’ve bowl'. 'taco un tuitear es latina comunidad la para campaña una que piensa que alguien a nominarán republicanos los semana, próxima La team. the Join You Hillary&amp; Barack&amp; @HFA: RT bathrooms. And a building on president next potential Your of. running his introduced Trump Donald time That Rouge. Baton in shooting the on statement Hillary's presidency: the for unfit he's that proven has @realDonaldTrump ways the of few a Just reform: for advocating is Carr, Gwen mother, his how Here's today. ago years two killed was Garner Eric —@Lin_Manuel bridges?" building who's someone for or wall a build to wants who guy the for vote to going you "Are Trump: about know to need you What country. the entering Muslims Banning zones. school gun-free of rid Getting Trump: on Republican a from confession A Cleveland." in mistake terrible a make to about is Party the think "I -H . an for fight the in Durban in Conference AIDS International the at everyone with stand I win: him let won't you if name your Add president. for nominee @GOP the become to about is Trump Donald me." scares man This man. of kind different a he's Trump, a was "I Republican: a of Confessions president. become never you sure make to can we everything do to going We're Trump: Donald Cincinnati: in @NAACP the to speaks Hillary as live Watch —Hillary accountable." held be must helps who anyone and officer police a kills who terrible a is officers police "Killing better." do to striving are who country the across departments police of lead the follow to is police our honor to way best the "Perhaps law. the by respected is everyone when and law the for respect is there when safer is Everyone reform. justice criminal for fight must We act. to time It's incarcerated. formerly the Helping pipeline. school-to-prison the Dismantling crisis. incarceration mass the Fixing streets. our off weapons assault getting to committed be should officers police of lives the protecting about care who People —Hillary ourselves." it experienced haven’t who us of those especially all, us from contributions requires racism systemic "Ending day. every face you that barriers unseen and seen the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans White eyes. their through world the see to try to got We’ve ways. both works Empathy officers. police of shoes the in ourselves put also Let’s that." just do to day single every work will I apart. us split not together, us pull help can who president a need we these, like times "In threat. a country—it's our for loss a just not That's Trump. of Party the become Lincoln of Party the watching We're —Hillary silent." be to afford can of None matter.' that things about silent become we when end to begin lives 'Our said, King Dr. "As —Hillary election." this in vote to commit and vote to register to people million 3 get to drive nationwide a announce to pleased "I’m : we're @realDonaldTrump show to today vote to Commit hoy: Firma Trump. a abierta Carta representan" nos no valores Tus representan. nos no ideas Tus representas. nos "No House. White the near anywhere two these let can't We of kind is this So @TheBriefing2016: RT –@POTUS had." we've state of secretaries finest the of one as down go will Hillary think "I Order.” and “Law theme: Today’s war." love "I @realDonaldTrump? it. hated he said FDR "terrible." it called Lincoln -H together. families immigrant keep Let's Texas. v. rehear to petition DOJ's grant should SCOTUS line, the on lives million five With started." even it before convention own his of control lost Trump "Donald inmigrantes… familias las Mantengamos Texas. v caso el reconsiderar para DOJ del petición la aceptar debería "SCOTUS @Jorge_Silva: RT : the at Trump Team for line-up starting the Meet one. day from community our disparaging been has he Trumplandia: in day other every than different no is Tonight @lorellapraeli: RT ht… admin? Obama the undermine to Iran of leader the to letter a wrote Cotton Tom when Remember @TheBriefing2016: RT disagrees. world The us. respect doesn't world the say Republicans Giuliani. Mayor Thanks, year. election an not it's say—when to things nice of lot a have Republicans property. Street Wall swanky his businesses—for small for funds 9/11 emergency from $100,000 over took Trump him…sad! make to in chip mad, you makes @realDonaldTrump When Literally. @literally_trump: RT rational." is Muslims of “fear that thinks Flynn Gen. Lt. Ret. @TheBriefing2016: RT invoices. his paying at great isn't Trump company. rental machine fog out, Watch @TheDemocrats: RT ht… country this of history the in candidate presidential dangerous most the is Trump @charlierose tells @HillaryClinton @CBSEveningNews: RT big.” so “win Trump let can’t we agree you if $1 in Chip reminder. good A payment. the for him stiffed Trump casino. City Atlantic his for pianos Trump Donald sold owner business small A are. we who not that's him tell to name your hate—add sowing by nomination this into way his bulldozed Trump us: Join win. to going we're and possible, as Americans many as enfranchise to going We’re not. He's tough. She's @HillaryClinton. for vote racist, faced orange this stand can't who humans decent all To … . to got We’ve action. need they silence, than more need of survivors and Victims @RepSwalwell: RT shoes! knocking door my bring Will wait. Can't France. of people the and you with solidarity in stand We Nice. of City the to out goes heart My Mike. you, with agree Totally https:/… country better a built never anger &amp; fear that them reminding vols Portsmouth up fires .@MartinOMalley @vicreyesep: RT https… -@MartinOMalley fight" important more no is there you, with fight this in be to honored "I'm @HillaryforNH: RT thing. this win gonna We're @realDonaldTrump. from country our protecting for you Thank … @MartinOMalley ourselves?" for it in just or together this in all we're believes who nation a still we "Are @HillaryforPA: RT sing! @MartinOMalley Governor hear to @padems at Snapchat on us Add @PADems: RT violence gun of disease the from citizens and officers our guard to enough doing not We're heart. my breaks today in tragedy The November. this proud all us make gonna You're me! having for Thanks honor. American That's first. safety to families terrorists' the brought they Laden, bin out took SEALs our When richer even bankers rich make help taxpayers US how shows cartoon simple This @voxdotcom: RT here: Watch forward. country our move to do to need we what about talking Cleveland in live Hillary's democracy. our threatening he’s that, doing By election. this of results the respect he’d that say to refused Trump Donald apart.” us sets that things the of one is power of transition peaceful the and dictatorship, and leadership between difference the know “We them: Join before. ever than more That’s election. this in vote to registered are voters million 200 than More them: Join —Hillary Ohio.” in here right you of many including voted, already have people million 3 than “More —Hillary division.” and hate reject together…to coming are now—people right happening exciting really something “There’s —Hillary disagreeable.” being without disagree can we believe president…I American’s single every be to want "I Cleveland in —Hillary thrives.” America thrives, class middle the “When Trump on —Hillary that.” change to going we’re and steelworkers, American not work, to steelworkers Chinese put has “He Cleveland. of instead Turkey in made is furniture Trump Ohio. Brooklyn, in them made have could Mexico—he in made were suits Trump loans." your down pay and back pay you help to going We’re back. you hold not up, you lift should "Education —Hillary deserve.” we that country our in respect and dignity the with treated are girls and women that sure make to got “We’ve Office. Oval the in foot set never should military own our talks trash who person A @timkaine: RT Commander-in-Chief. our be to unfit he's that again over and over proven has Trump Donald Commander-in-Chief. our be to temperament steady a and toughness, experience, takes It Office. Oval the in foot set never should military own our talks trash who person A —@PhillyDotCom president." be should She running. else anyone or Trump than better far is Clinton "Hillary others. to service than calling higher no There's @timkaine: RT change. climate combat to time it's agree you if RT now. make we decisions the on depends future planet's Our country. our of history the in worst the of one is decision United Citizens the that record will History brothers. and sisters fighting, Keep union. a and hour an $15 demanding are who workers the applaud I article. @Newsweek that reading after Trump Donald for questions some has Clinton Hillary @TwitterMoments: RT planet. the on fuels fossil dirtiest the exporting by worse even change climate make to companies gas and oil for easier it make not must We weapons. nuclear with trust can we man a not is tweet a with bait can you man A lenders. responsible like acting start and sharks loan like acting stop must banks Big money? own our withdraw to fees large pay we do Why here: tote Politics of Art the on $10 save and Hurry left! 71 Only —@BostonGlobe Hillary." it’s and House, White the near anywhere belongs 8 Nov. ballot the on candidate one "Only them. reject "colored"—then for "C" a with applications renters' black mark would company housing Trump's families. working to services cutting while 1% top the for breaks tax huge support would candidate serious any that belief beyond It's bottom. the to race a It's hour. an pennies making folks with compete to workers force would TPP the NAFTA, Like "Dangerous." working? Wives "inconvenience." An Pregnancy? "punished." be Should Abortion? men. as job" a good as "Do pay: equal on Trump watch. to want You'll service. national about talking Florida in be we'll meltdown, Machado his of 5 day continues Donald While available. college public make to afford can't we me tell don't 1%, top the to breaks tax in billions give to OK it's say Republicans When pe… hardworking and work hard respecting about learned I where That's City. Kansas in shop ironworking union a owned Al dad My @timkaine: RT destroyed. weren’t lives of millions though as crash, 2008 the caused that practices corrupt continues today Street Wall Unbelievably, opportunities job their expand to wants Clinton Hillary disabilities. with people mocks Trump @YoungPwD4HRC: RT hour. happy Pittsburgh a at team @HillaryforPA the and @MartinOMalley w/ Celebrate TGIF: @YoungDems_AGH: RT … military the of treatment its over Warren Elizabeth and Sanders Bernie Senators from heat catching is Fargo Wells @CNN: RT Hillary: endorsing it's why Here's WWII. before since president for Democrat a endorsed hasn't @DallasNews The Americans. of millions of lives the than more profits values Mylan Apparently amor. con todos a aceptamos cuando triunfa que cultural diversidad increíble una Tenemos https… equality gender on dialogue global a forced and discourse political the pushed speech @HillaryClinton's ago years 21 @LizRomanoff: RT https:/… plan. tech ever" "wonkiest @HillaryClinton's in all internet-- open all, for Ed CS wireless, 5G broadband, Universal @sarasolow: RT —@POTUS curve." a on presidency the grade don't "You https://… to go pass, this let Don't banter. room locker not is said Trump what and rooms, locker of lot a in been I've @realgranthill33: RT https:/… @TimKaine @TylerOakley YAS! is of episode new the about say can I All @TheEllenShow: RT House. White the into it welcome shouldn't We homes. our in welcome not is Hate @HillaryforUT: RT @JonBatiste! me, with riffing for Thanks friend. new a with favorite old An tha… subtle—biases so not subtle—and the of part 's is oftentimes emotions her expresses who woman "A team: Hillary's on you're show to tonight's before in Chip most? counted it when up stepped you say you Can back? her Got generations. for country our affect will make we decision the days—but 20 in over is election This wealthy. and powerful the of side the on not people, American the of side the on stand to needs Court Supreme The Amendment." 2nd the defending and lives people’s saving in conflict no see "I … sales. gun for checks background expanding support not does Trump Americans, of 92% Unlike @TheBriefing2016: RT —Hillary Wade." v. Roe support strongly "I question. hard a actually not was This … it: prove to list a released He Wade. v. Roe overturn who'd judges appoint to pledged .@realdonaldtrump @PPact: RT decisions. the making be shouldn't He health. women's to comes it when about talking he's what know doesn't Trump ht… speech. announcement his in just was that rapists—and and criminals them calling immigrants, attacked Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT "Hombres"? happening. not That's people. million 16 deport and wall a build to going not are We h… happened. never it pretended then and it, about lied room, the in beat got Mexico, to went Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT said. Enough choked. He it. for pay Mexico have and wall" a "build to is proposal policy major Trump's president. a than House White the in puppet a have rather would Putin Vladimir that clear pretty It's de… is Trump why of question a is There Trump. for scales the on thumb their put to trying Russia's question no There's @TheBriefing2016: RT Trump —Donald friend." best my 't "Vladimir minutes. four as little as take can It launch. to has officer The it. that’s weapon, nuclear a launch to order the gives president the When htt… power. that have to Trump want don't They missiles. nuclear launching for responsible were men These @TheBriefing2016: RT now. by weapon nuclear a launched have could Trump Donald minutes. four been It's Terrifying. whim. a on weapon nuclear a launch to Trump Donald for be would it easy how Here's @TheBriefing2016: RT world… the to risks greatest the among 4th for tied as policies economic his and Trump Donald ranked .@TheEconomist https:… him. like millionaires billionaires--and to away give yuuuuuuge a be would plan tax Trump's Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT familie… working for wages poverty corporations, large and billionaires for breaks tax America: for vision Trump’s Donald @BernieSanders: RT … debt. lower and plan tax his by stick to Trump Donald for impossible be would It @voxdotcom: RT Apprentice.… the on was Trump Laden. bin out take to mission the on @POTUS advised Hillary 2011, In dollars.… billion a nearly lost Trump rights." human are rights "women's that declared Hillary 1995, In … this. wage. minimum the raise to bill a co-sponsored Hillary 2005, In bully. a him makes just It man. bigger a him makes women belittling thinks Donald … Malaria. and HIV/AIDs attacking is Foundation Clinton the Foundation, Clinton the attack Republicans While @TheBriefing2016: RT billionaire. so-called a than tax income federal more paying are who America in immigrants undocumented have We the… for fit seems he yeah, So polls. and primary, a caucus, Iowa the Emmy, an loses he when reacts Trump how Here's —Hillary anything.” for sorry he’s says or apologizes never women—[Trump] about just not “It’s 2014: and 2013, 2012, in Emmy the losing on Trump won." should've "I tonight: Emmy the losing on Trump “rigged.” it’s says Trump Donald way, his going aren’t things time Every job. this do to takes it what have doesn’t he over, even is game the before whine to going is Donald If t… wants he Yet democracy. American defend won't and Putin, condemn won’t outcome, election our support to commit won't Donald @timkaine: RT —Hillary it." "Google democracy our of out money unaccountable get &amp; overturn will that SCOTUS a need We right. is .@HillaryClinton Americans. innocent countless endanger would policies those cowardice, political just isn't pandering NRA .@realDonaldTrump's system. inhumane our fix to wants @HillaryClinton camps. internment in them put and families up rip to wants .@realDonaldTrump @NATO. disbanding supported leadership, Putin's praised candidate @GOP knew he if grave his in over roll would Reagan night minutes of couple a just is get issues Latino and policy immigration time presidential most the Disappointing @realDonaldTrump than taxes in more pay all debt, by crushed students immigrants, Undocumented coward. a of act the &amp; dangerous it's presidential, isn't democracy our delegitimize to trying @realDonaldTrump: Act. Rights Voting the gut and United Citizens support choose, to right woman’s a oppose would nominees Court Supreme Trump’s abortion. an have to right woman’s a including bodies, own their control to women of right fundamental the defend must We "criminals." and "rapists" as Mexicans slurred have rants anti-immigrant whose president a electing by clock the back turn cannot simply We together. families keep and immigrants undocumented for citizenship to path a provide to need we understands .@HillaryClinton families. working for wages poverty corporations, large and billionaires for breaks tax America: for vision Trump’s Donald China. not States, United the in ties his make would he maybe abroad, going companies about concerned really was Trump If America. in goods your make and example by lead you don't why trade about speeches giving of instead Trump: Donald to say I China. from came It Wisconsin. or Ohio Pennsylvania, Not from? come hotels his construct to used Trump steel the does Where … her. believe I and years 30 for her known I've . against she's me told and eye the in me looked .@HillaryClinton @RichardTrumka: RT years. 30 last the in empire casino Trump’s than more protection bankruptcy 11 Chapter for filed has company major No vote! Go country. our of history the in president become to person qualified least the is Trump Donald reform. commonsense support Americans Most anti-gun. being mean doesn’t Amendment pro-Second Being … it: prove to list a released He Wade. v. Roe overturn who'd judges appoint to pledged .@realdonaldtrump @PPact: RT decisions! health own their with them women—trust criminalize could states means That states.” the to “back Wade v. Roe send to wants Donald answer. the is reform Comprehensive jeopardy. in people million 16 put would force” “deportation Donald's puppet. a not president, a need We side. Putin's takes No—he election? our of outcome the influence to effort Russian the condemn Trump Will save: could you what out Find handy. been would’ve calculator This once. at college in kids 2 had I clearer. be couldn’t choice The billionaires. &amp; millionaires for taxes cut would Trump jobs. and people in invest to wants Hillary Democrats. under stronger is economy Our Donald. music, the Face “me-first.” of decades been it’s Trump with but service, public to life her of decades dedicated Hillary stomach. my to sick me makes behavior his defend Donald Watching equal. as women see can't he us shows Trump again and Time first. the weren’t women on comments His Americans. of groups demeaning of pattern a has Donald fraud. a What York. New in business doing from prohibited was Donald’s Watch. Charity from rating A+ an has Foundation Clinton The yours? are Where taxes. my and Hillary are Here @realDonaldTrump. Hey, president. be to wants he Yet democracy. American defend won't and Putin, condemn won’t outcome, election our support to commit won't Donald vote: to registered you're sure Make now. back turn to far too come We've https… tonight reunion 40th his celebrating is Kaine School. High Rockhurst at here squad pep the on was .@timkaine FACT: FUN @jesshop23: RT judgment. calm and thinking, clear leadership, steady on depends America crisis, of times In plan. insurance public-option a of choice the have must American every low, costs care health keep to going we're If together. rise will we together, unite we If . support I why That’s companies. insurance and companies drug the for profits huge make to designed is system care health Our amazing. is this with up grow didn't that us of those For now. right tears back Holding @RachaelGass: RT https… Math Climate the Recalculating NADA ZIP, ZERO, change? climate beat still and extract can we fuels Fossil of Amount @MarkRuffalo: RT happens never Investigation 3. AG to $$ gives Trump 2. investigation possible faces Trump 1. works: pay-to-play How Pipeline Stop to President on Calls Nations, Tribal with Stands Sanders NEWS: him. against allegations fraud considering official elected an off pay to foundation his from money used Trump pay. equal ensure to time It's color. of women for wider even is gap wage gender The it. support Americans of majority a Now idea. radical very a be to seen was wage minimum hour per $15 of idea the began, we When album. Affinity his of copies multiple out wore I away. passed Thielmans Toots legend music that hear to Sad Trump. Donald by touted those like policies hateful law into signed actually has Pence Mike City: York New from election the on remarks deliver Hillary Watch —Hillary country.” our of behalf on him with work to offered and Trump Donald congratulated I night “Last Trump Donald on —Hillary Americans.” all for president successful a be will he that hope “I country." our for hold we vision the and share we values the for election this win not did we sorry I’m wanted. we outcome the not is "This @HFA to —Hillary life.” my of honors greatest the of one been has candidate your being and America, of best the represent “You —Hillary love.” we country the about was It election. one even or person one about never was campaign Our this: remember to you want "I —Hillary will." always I America—and in believe still I But thought. we than divided deeply more is nation our that seen have "We —Hillary lead.” to chance the and mind open an him owe We president. our be to going is Trump “Donald —Hillary time." the all but years, four every just not participation, our demands democracy constitutional "Our will.” you know I And seek. we America fairer stronger, better, that build to part our doing keep to is citizens as responsibility "Our —Hillary journey." this on partners our being for Holton Anne and Kaine Tim thank to want "I leadership.” determined graceful, your for you thank We gratitude. of debt enormous an you owes country our Obama, Michelle and Barack "To —Hillary express." ever can I than more means you for love family—my entire our and brothers, our Aidan, Charlotte, Marc, Chelsea, Bill, "To —Hillary it." worth is right what’s for fighting that believing stop never please But hurts. loss "This —Hillary champion." your be to than prouder me made has in and campaign this in faith their put the all "To —Hillary will." someone day, some But ceiling. glass hardest and highest that shattered not have still have "We world." the in opportunity &amp; chance every of deserving &amp; powerful and valuable are you that doubt girls little the all "To —Hillary American.” an am I that day every blessings my count I me. given has it all for country our to grateful am “I —Hillary that.” for fighting regret ever never, should you And together. forward go will and together stronger are “We do.” to work come to seasons more are there For heart. lose not us Let weary. grow not us Let other. each in faith have us “Let heart. lose not do we if reap, shall we season, due in for good, doing in weary grow not us Let us: tells Scripture anyway got you've best the world the Give enough; be never may it and have, you best the world the Give American fellow a you call to proud more be not could I everything. your country our and campaign this giving for @HillaryClinton you Thank 5:36 Mark believe.” only afraid; not "Be Trump on Statement Sanders NEWS: j… incredible this on me and family my including for you Thank history. made and dreams to fast held Clinton Hillary pockets.… own his line could he so all interest, nation's our against acted and law the broken have to appears Trump majo… other every almost as prices drug negotiate must We prices. drug lower action government want Americans of 78% mongering. fear this reject will Americans &amp; immigrants by stronger made are We values. our against goes ad .@realdonaldtrump's workers. American of millions represent which union, every practically by opposed are that agreements trade pass not should We Putin. about say to things good has only he but trash, talk to likes Trump Donald family.… own his for break tax billion $4 a wants he taxes, federal no pays probably Trump While Reminder: host? you Can Revolution. Our for steps next the about talk will we where meetings 2700 reach can we help your With convention. a at speak to person trans openly first the became @SarahEMcBride Secretary Press @HRC DNC, 2016 the At November: this rights LGBT supporting in country the across activists and @SarahEMcBride Join Against… Violence the of years 22 celebrate to Proud fear. from and harm from free be to deserves country this in woman Every @JoeBiden: RT us. defend to lives their risked who streets, the on out sleeping veterans have we that crazy is It problems." legal settle to charity his from $258,000 used "Trump nominee: Republican the about headline real A https:/… call. easy an it's - president for Clinton Hillary endorses Post Denver The ENDORSEMENT: @denveropinion: RT vote:… to Register —@RepJohnLewis equality." in believe truly we powerful and strong a send will "It don't. you No, Trump —Donald do." generals the than ISIS about more know "I problem. a isn’t this pretend can’t We firsthand. wrongdoing criminal potentially seen have executives financial of third a Over Mexico: about said he’s things the of some on refresher helpful a Nieto, Peña President with meets Trump As @PPact. with stand and choices health own their make to women trusts that ticket a on be to Proud https:… millones. deportar muralla", la "construir inmigrantes, demonizar claro: sido ha inmigración sobre Trump de plan El @Hillary_esp: RT 2016 31, August Trump, —Donald Americans.” Mexican for feeling tremendous a have to happen "I @TheBriefing2016: RT families. those on backs our turning are we cost, affordable an at childcare quality find to trying desperately are families working While $35,000. of out her scammed and her targeted company Trump's Then Iraq. in husband her lost Cheryl Trump. Donald like people Rich plan? economic "new" Trump's Donald from benefits Who http… how: Here’s Obama –Michelle vote.” go then speech, that liked you if – week last speech my about tweet just “Don't @TheDemocrats: RT w… just it undermine to attempts shameful Trump’s through see voters because turnout, record have will election This that… change to going We're color. of people and women for harder even it's business—but small a start to tough It's away? it take to hard so trying be people would why didn't, it If matters. vote Your history: more some make Let’s Democrats. are We @TheDemocrats: RT Hillary. with you're if this RT debate. presidential final the is Tonight reform. immigration real need we believe I and @HillaryClinton people. undocumented million 11 deport to idea “brilliant" a has Trump … @HillaryClinton. about boasting @MichelleObama and @BernieSanders have that commitments policy the out Check @MoveOn: RT already. countries many in reality It's right. a as insurance health have should American every that say to thinking utopian not is It me! having for @TheEllenShow Thanks Ellen. to pong ping the leave I'll think I either. wouldn't she and that, like daughter my to talking anyone tolerate wouldn't I @timkaine: RT @AnastasiaSomoza advocate rights disability meeting on —Hillary girl." 9-year-old this by away blown just was "I fraud? his investigating from general attorney state a prevent to foundation charitable his use Trump Did need. they medication the get to debt into deeply go to having people about it’s dying, people about just isn’t prices drug High moment"→ ceiling-shattering "glass that remembers Juan , of anniversary fourth the On @HillaryforCO: RT well. as families their protect to time is It deportation. from immigrants young 700K than more protected has DACA implementation, Since system: justice criminal our in problems the addressing in ahead work serious some got We've https… businesses. for-profit his of settlements legal off pay to charity his from $250K+ more used @realdonaldtrump NEW: @Fahrenthold: RT change climate on progress our threatens TPP How @VanJones68: from read Must —@LATimes catastrophe." a be would Trump Donald president. pragmatic and smart sober, a make would Clinton "Hillary presid… be to prepared candidate only the is @HillaryClinton clear so it's And do! girls @Wellesley we what That's .@timkaine @madeleine: RT thing: this win go Let’s left. days 43 up. bottom the from happens it down, top the from happens never almost change that remember always must We Merger Humana Opposed Feds If Pullout Obamacare Threatened CEO Aetna Read: Must https:… segunda, la vez, primera la inmigrantes los a demonizando Trump de comentarios los claramente Escuchamos @Hillary_esp: RT plan health single-payer a for case the makes Reich Robert @Salon: RT vote. to registered automatically is age voting of is who anyone that ensuring by turnout increase and suppression voter combat can We 1: Episode to listen and Subscribe podcast. campaign official our Her, With launched: Just 🎧 year. a million $1 over make who Americans to cut tax trillion $3 a provide to wants Trump total, In Trump? Donald see they will How model. role a as president the see kids Our country. this of class middle the help to time their it’s maybe Street, Wall out bailed families working after that believe I anymore." win don't "We @Deadspin: RT help: can you how Here's support. our need they and expected, anyone than worse is Louisiana in flooding The decision. United Citizens disastrous Reverse @PramilaJayapal: RT DACA. protect to need we why that's me—and or you as American as are kids These values. same the of many so share they because Trump Donald supports Duke David leader Klan Klux Ku Longtime → future our to dangerous so is rhetoric divisive @realDonaldTrump's why discusses Hillary Reno: from Live —Hillary election." this in opponent my from coming rhetoric divisive the by are they concerned how me tell people go, I "Everywhere mainstream. groups hate taking He’s paranoia. and prejudice on campaign his built has Trump Donald stopped. be must It planet. the on fuel dirtiest the of some transport will pipeline oil fracked Access Dakota The oil. on dependence our increase not fuels, fossil to addiction our break to is job our nation, a As pipeline. Access Dakota dangerous the fighting nations tribal many the and Tribe Sioux Rock Standing the with join I —Hillary decisions." care health own their make to rights women's defend will "I candidate. presidential a and friends, family, her of support the with cancer breast beat Janelle year, This → Philadelphia in Hillary for campaigns @ElizabethForMA as live Watch unacceptable. and outrageous is test nuclear another conduct to decision Korea’s North when. back way to back going unions their and workers of struggles the remember we , on Today fraud. voter so-called of because laws changing are people that is fraud the is What America. in fraud voter no virtually have We … night! incredible an such create to helped who else everyone &amp; volunteers, staff, speakers, our to Thanks @PramilaJayapal: RT country. this of people American Native the with solidarity our show we vital is It vote: to goes Trump Donald When -H registered. you're sure make and to Go out. sit to important too is election This … . for up shows @MartinOMalley fellow, @GUPolitics current and + Gov Maryland Former @VoterRegDay: RT Flint? to money send won’t Republicans somehow but Iraq, in war to go to available money much so have we did How president. African-American first our on attack racist a was conspiracy birther whose president a electing by clock the back turn cannot We workers. American of interests the endanger, not protect, should policies Trade them. stiffing them—not supporting on focus should We economy. our of backbone the are businesses Small … Rouge: Baton in alone."—@POTUS not this—you’re is know to Louisiana of people the want I "What @WhiteHouse: RT poverty. in living not are kids our of 20% where nation a create can We become. can it what into America making to essential are intelligence, and energy and idealism their with people, Young —Hillary families." and children for better life make for—to it in I’m who is this and it do I why is “This enough. wasn't that apparently yet history, in corporation any of reported highest the were 2015 in earnings Apple's decision. EU’s the applaud I higher. even profits obscene their boost to havens tax and loopholes use to allowed be can’t corporations Huge n… our be to ready she's that showed debate night's last during command and vision Her @HillaryClinton. of proud more be Couldn't @POTUS: RT https:… 2004. since — all at — wage min the of mention debate first the was wage min the raise to promise up-front Hillary’s @daveweigel: RT Hillary: from note A history." make to going we’re together, and — together stronger are truly "We Congress. in friends their to thanks to have don't Trump Mr. like billionaires But taxes. their pay families class Middle interests? financial own his over security America's put he'll that guarantee Trump will How export. number-one our are jobs American not products, made American that sure make to be must goal Our it. address to plan a has candidate One crisis. a it's problem, same the facing are Americans million 40 When beyond. and state own her in minorities and women for doors opened Richards Ann Gov. TX former 1933, 1, Sept. Born oligarchy. an of direction the in rapidly more even move will we view, my in together, act our get not do nation a as we If president. become to man this allow cannot We horrific. is This cou… our transform to together come to prepared are and eyes their in hope have who state every in people met have I class. middle the burdening stop and share fair their pay to Trump, Donald like wealthy, the asks that code tax a need We president. become to man this allow cannot We horrific. is This @HillaryClinton: RT them. of advantage took University Trump after home their lost Leah wife his and Williams Danny succeed. to chance the kids give helped Hillary @ChildDefender, At future. your define shouldn't disability A money. more even have can families billionaire so Tax Estate the repealing than people our to priority higher far a is cancer Curing drugs. prescription of cost outrageous the lowering to respect with right priorities their get colleagues Republican my hope would I C-SPAN2 on LIVE - Prices Drug Prescription &amp; Care Health on .@SenSanders @cspan: RT h… and month a $700 to month a $75 from up went disease Crohn’s for drug his that wrote Conn., Plainville, from Mark c… he because disabled now is He 2010. in $4 was that medicine a for month a $300 than more pays Oklahoma from man A med… new afford can't they because EpiPens expired use to have Many patients? impacting gouging price Mylan's is How job our doing start to time It’s .@RepCummings: @OversightDems: RT today! @TheEllenShow on me Catch moves. dance her to only second are skills pong ping Ellen's voters. American African to pitch ignorant shockingly a made Trump Donald week, This together: stronger be to means it what show let's Day, Election On deserve. and earned have they care of quality the to access timely receive must veterans Our months: for Trump from hearing been they've what on ad new Our veterans. our about talk Trump hear we'll Today, top. the to wealth all funnels that economy an in happen can’t that But opportunity. and progress of dreams with people many so met I've grandparents. are today born kids when century, the of end the by underwater be could Florida in homes 8 in 1 rate, this At security. national America’s to threat a as change climate identified has Pentagon The FACT: change. climate on face we choice The Miami in —Hillary us." be to it want I us—and or China, Germany, be to going probably is century 21st the of superpower energy clean "The https:… it ignore can’t Donald even campaign, his in change climate acknowledge to chooses he not or whether And @johnpodesta: RT it. cancel to wants Trump Donald crisis. climate the solve to chance best last, our is Agreement Climate Paris The on. it take to ready are and seriously change climate take who government, of level every at ballot, the down and up people elect to need We https:… 2025. by 30% as much as emissions cut &amp; them exceed to aim Paris—she’ll in set we goals the meet just won’t Hillary @johnpodesta: RT @HillaryClinton plan. a has president next our because change climate fight can We @johnpodesta: RT —@AlGore priority.” national top a crisis climate the solving make will Clinton "Hillary —@AlGore consequences.” has vote Your counts. vote Your consequences. have “Elections are they who being for discriminated is one no that so the passing to country our commit lets Day, Natl of honor In clear. is choice The energy. renewable to transition must we understands @HillaryClinton hoax. a is change climate thinks Trump Donald stake. at not were planet the of future the if funny be would really it that ludicrous so is change climate on position Trump's Donald possible. as soon as so do to failing of cost the fear truly should energy renewable to transitioning of cost the about concerned Those White… the to take she'll experience the that's career—and entire her families and kids for fighting been Hillary's night: last stage debate the wrong—on totally just was lied—or Trump Donald times 43 stigma. or shame care—without health mental quality deserves American Every budget. defense whole our That’s billion. $700 almost taxpayers save could we abroad, profits stash companies let that loopholes closing By Secretary-Gen… next the as appointment his on Guterres António to congratulations warmest my extend to like would "I them. for set we example of kind what see to watching are children Our us.… for working not is That anymore. shots the call corporations big and business big let to going not are We -H violence. of kind this for justification no There’s Iowa. in killed were who officers brave two of families the for Heartbroken … ready? you Are Tuesday! is Day Election Vegas. Las in @HillaryClinton introducing honor an was It @TraceeEllisRoss: RT Mother. Tough "Madam" it's —but Louis Thanks, Cher.… with war Twitter a started once who man a decades—and in candidate qualified most the between is choice Our season." of out gone have to seem that reason—traits and equality, freedom, for vote to ready all strong million "27 supporter. Hillary proud a and veteran, War Korean and II War World a American, generation first a is Ramos Lawrence → go to days 6 just with Carolina North in Hillary for trail the hits @POTUS live: Watch Carolina North in Trump on —@POTUS president.” be to equipped not he’s and Commander-in-Chief be to unfit temperamentally is guy "This https… Clinton. Hillary that's and America, up lifting to life entire her devoted has who candidate one only is There .@POTUS: @politico: RT —@POTUS office.” in you’re when women disrespect will you president, were you before women disrespect you "If Hillary on —@POTUS tested.” is who steady, is who smart, is vote—who your of worthy is who candidate a have "You Hillary on —@POTUS us.” of all for better country this make and us of each in best what’s summon can we believes "She vote: go to plan your Make —@POTUS you.” of All You! you. on depends "America vote: Go —@POTUS democracy.” our advance to chance a us gives Hillary now—and right ballot the on is democracy "Our Effect: Trump the is This know." you hurts, It Muslim. being for bullied been "I've capabilities.” own our purposes, our and dreams our with beings, human full as us at look "doesn’t Trump live: her watch to in Tune Day. Election from days 6 just Vegas, Las in is Hillary —Hillary them.” serve who police the respect people the when and protect they people the respect police the when safer is "Everyone —Hillary ground.” my standing while ground common find to seeks who president a be will “I → Trump? President under you for like be life will what yourself, Ask 2017. 20, January it’s that Imagine Trump Donald on —Hillary consent." their without them to things doing about president a with up grow would "Girls hate.” trumps love that prove and Tuesday on win we sure make ’s them pull not together, people bring to best my do will “I vote: to plan a Make You? Joe. Michelle. Barack. America." in kindness and love more need we say to president for running someone for odd little a seems it know "I details: the of care take We'll guest! a bring NYC—and in Night Election on Hillary join to chance the for up Sign 🙌🙌🏻🙌🏼🙌… Tempe! in rally @HillaryClinton this at looking it know wouldn't you but 1996, since Arizona won hasn't Democrat A @HillaryforAZ: RT Hillary. for voting they’re Now vote. to right the had women before born were women These @HFA: RT -H America. in place no has hate of kind This justice. to brought be must fire on MS in Church Hopewell the set who perpetrators The → Arizona in live Hillary Join lifetimes. our of election important most the until days 6 https:… Arizona. Tempe, in University State Arizona at Rally Vote Early Party Democratic Arizona the at .@HillaryClinton @dougmillsnyt: RT him. supports Trump Donald Latinos. profiling racially for court of contempt with charged was Arpaio Joe Sheriff week, Last Arizona in —Hillary president.” your as you for be will I promise, I me, for not you’re if "Even down. other each tear not up, people lift to want We small-minded. not big-hearted, is America that know We Arizona in —Hillary paid.” has Trump Donald than taxes more paid deport—they’ve to wants he people the of half "About → them Join —Hillary early." voted already have people million 31 than "More https://t.… weekend: this @HillaryClinton for volunteer to up sign and ahead go free a have all we that now Well, @JohnDingell: RT night. a What @HillaryforAZ: RT -H @Cubs. history, make to Way over. finally is drought the and later years 108 it! did They —@FLOTUS too." Hillary, for early vote to you urge I and Clinton, Hillary for early vote my casting "I'm you: see to Hope Dems! local and @HillaryClinton for campaigning today here I'm - PA Southeast and NJ in Friends loss. unfathomable their for Moines Des in community enforcement law the to out goes heart My offic… county to down @HillaryClinton from Dems elect Let's me! having for @HillaryforNJ @NJDSC @MonmouthDems Thanks States. United the of history modern the in president for candidate worst The Trump: J. Donald taxes. of share fair his paying start to going he's year next but 8th, November on lose to going Trump Donald is only Not the stopping on @BernieSanders — right" "Damn @nowthisnews: RT burden. the bear people and competitors, out keeping and lobbying on much so spend pharma--they big on take to have We @ZephyrTeachout: RT … now: Russ with stand and up, Step ever! than more now support grassroots your need we , Hey @russfeingold: RT governor. for @SueMinterVT supporting I'm why That's leadership. bold require times Tough you. intimidate friends his and Trump Donald let Don’t democracy. American for fighting died have people many Too U… the in side my by back him see to me, believe wait, cannot I years. for together worked have I and .@russfeingold @russfeingold. for vote to have you then brothers, Koch the like billionaires to up stand to someone want you If profits. their increase to risk at patients put Glaxo fraud. is industry drug the of model business The prices. drug skyrocketing about more and campaigns their funding makers drug the about less worry should Republicans Dakota… the protesting been have who allies their and Americans Native to listening for @POTUS to grateful very am I review. environmental and cultural full a completes Engineers of Corps Army the until stopped be should pipeline the on Construction greed… their end to time It's care. health of cost high the for industry pharmaceutical the blame Americans 10 of 9 v… of kind this for justification no There’s Iowa. in killed were who officers brave two of families the for Heartbroken @HillaryClinton: RT vote: to plan a proud—make them Make watching. are kids Our today: Hillary for calls Make House. White the of out Trump keeping to comes it when counts conversation Every today: vote to plan a Make there? her get help to prepared you president—are be to prepared is Hillary fans. their all and @Cubs the to Congrats season. a What game. a What Wow! happen. it make Let's agenda. progressive our enact to going we're Senate the loses GOP the if that knows Ryan Paul (1/3) lost were that lives the mourn we Together loss. and tragedy unfathomable of face the in together came nation our today, ago years 15 (2/3) terror of face the in bravery unflinching showed who badges w/out people the and responders first our of courage the remember also We (3/3) face we challenges the conquer &amp; together come to ability our and made, sacrifices faced, we setbacks of reminder sobering a is Today children… our and now alive Americans for bad are policies and words his birtherism, on wrong @realDonaldTrump is only Not @RevDrBarber: RT House.… White Clinton-Kaine the in table the at seat a have always will Labor together. stronger know—we're Unions fans. biggest Hillary's of some from letters see to ET 11:35pm at @FallonTonight Catch care. child in revolution a need We college. to kids their sending than more parents cost not should Preschool others. to service than calling higher no There's Onward. sidelines. the on kept be to refused people because perfect more union our made We've people. its all to right a as healthcare guarantee not does that earth on country major only the still is America that absurd is It country. the around all spread will it believe I Colorado, in win can proposal this If https:/… me including people, countless to been she’s model role incredible the &amp; Obama Mrs. to tribute wonderful a What @ChelseaClinton: RT around. way other the Street—not Main for works Street Wall that @WellsFargo tell to time It's -H do. to work much so have We intolerable. be should This incident. police a in shot was man Black unarmed Another 1%. top the for austerity some for time is It Medicaid. and Medicare cut to need don’t We class. middle the for austerity more need don’t We @TeamUSA. of women history-making the of some behind stories The Revolution! Our of launch 24 August the for state every in events 2300 passed just We Donald. taxes, in share fair their pay folks unless military best the have can't You … ask. to much too isn't really Trump from set One Hillary. from returns tax of years 40 almost seen have People @timkaine: RT plan: college Hillary's with save could you much how out is—find who kid a have college—or in you're If drugs. on war the end to have We right: is Z Jay sacrifice.” minimum at benefit maximum for out worked arrangement "an Foundation: Trump The vote: to registered you're sure out—make sit Don't today. deadlines registration voter have states Many families. middle-class of millions for taxes Raise him. like millionaires &amp; billionaires for taxes Cut plan: Trump's t… tell even couldn't he but country, the run to trusted be could he show to wanted Trump Donald debate, Monday's At one: Attend the across meetings organizing 2,000 than more at live volunteers our address will I 24, August On early.” always I’m that “Probably strength? greatest Obama’s Barack taxes. of share fair his paying start to going is he but president be to going not he is only Not Donald. for news bad some have We … everywhere. women for inspiration an is Clinton Hillary DNC. the at history of part a be to honored was I @AndraDayMusic: RT http… Register: @TheRivetersPod. on vote our is voice our why about talk &amp; story my share to Got @lorellapraeli: RT don… and said has Trump Donald everything much pretty deny to hard really really, tried Pence Mike , the At words. empty his than louder speak actions Trump's Donald believe you if RT @timkaine: RT today. continues fight That color. of women for continued rights voting for struggle the remember Amendment, 19th the celebrate we as Even it: exercise to ready you're sure making by vote to right your celebrate , On —@MartinOMalley Get-Together. the at back be to Happy Minnesota! Hello, @HillaryforMN: RT https:… test. literacy a take to had vote. to get to battled color of women ratified, was 19th the after Even @meredeetch: RT https… practice. in but principle in just women—not all for abortion legal and safe to access ensure must We @mayaharris_: RT stomach. my to sick me makes It disgusting. is behavior of kind This @timkaine: RT Trump. stop to power the have Women stomach. my to sick me makes It disgusting. is behavior of kind This system. justice criminal our reform to work and racism systemic of reality the head-on face we’ll Together, love. they who or like, look they what from, come they where matter no potential, God-given their to up live to able be should child Every instead. rights voting expand should We stopped. be must that past Crow Jim the from blast rights—a voting on assault the back beat Let's vote. to registered are friends your sure Make sidelines. the on sit to anyone for important too is election This can. you as long as for can, you ways the all in can, you people the all for can, you good the all Do —Hillary perfect." is us of None should. we But it? is politics, in about much hear you something not is "Humility @nbcusa_inc the to —Hillary home.” us leads that grace up, us lifts that grace It’s roads. stony own their on stumbled "Everyone alone. problems our fix can person one no and answers the all has us of none that understands who president a need We humbly. walk and kindness, love justice, do will who president a need We year. last the over support incredible your for you thank that, than more But wishes. birthday the for all you Thank humbly. walk and kindness, love justice, do will who president a need We @HillaryClinton: RT surprised. Not friends? billionaire his and himself for out looking only is Trump Donald it. rigged who one the He's economy? rigged a fix to plan serious a with up come to Trump expect even we would Why wage. living a the in workers pay and Bangladesh in sweatshops own his down shutting by start can He trade. "fix" will he says Donald abroad. countries low-wage in hour an cents 30 paying to used is He the in high too are wages believes Trump why know Wanna Run." Long the in Jobs Creates "Outsourcing University: Trump (now-defunct) From problem? trade the fixing about Trump is serious How Bangladesh in made shirts Trump ❌ China in made ties Trump ❌ Mexico in made clothing Trump ❌ policies: trade failed of child poster the He's EPA. the and Education of Department the gutting while billionaires and millionaires to breaks tax huge proposing is Trump Meanwhile, percent. 1 of two-tenths top the to period 10-year a over break tax billion $269 a give would alone tax estate the repeal to plan Trump's Moines: Des from live voting early Iowa off kick Hillary watch to now in Tune Iowa: in —Hillary somebody.” against just not something, about be to election this want "I life: whole her it done She’s families. and kids for up stand will Hillary president As schools: our to back education technical bring to need We poverty: in still is full-time works who nobody so wage minimum the raise to need We care. child quality on income their of 10% than more pay should parent No everyone. for debt-free and less or $125,000 is income whose family any for tuition-free college make Let’s life: middle-class a to path only the be not should college four-year A : that prove Let's ballot. the on is future Our help. your without things these of any do can’t We policies. legitimate challenge to corporations for court special a includes it if progressive TPP the call can't You trade. on before twice or once here been we’ve because nervous We’re now just Trump —Donald woman." nasty a "Such tonight earlier Trump —Donald me." than more women respects "Nobody tonight. Hillary of proud you’re if RT @POTUS. next our be to ready She's @realDonaldTrump. crushed @HillaryClinton sweep. Clean 3. for 3 tonight. Hillary of proud you’re if RT @HillaryClinton: RT mate. running her be to prouder be couldn't I president. great a such make she'll why us showed just Hillary doesn't. tape the but lie, may Trump Donald fi… will who @DeborahRossNC like senators need We industry. pharmaceutical the to up stand to Congress for time It’s day." any on Trump Donald President a to superior so be would day worst her on Clinton Hillary "President 8.… November on out turn to you on counting she's today—and deadlines registration have states of Lots us. of all in best the sees who president a need We dollars. of hundreds families cost should make, to dollars few a just Mylan costs which , an reason no There's now: in Tune folks. Scranton, in Hillary with trail the hitting .@JoeBiden’s Scranton in —Hillary from." he’s where forgets never @JoeBiden travels, he far how matter "No top. the at those just everyone—not for work should economy our great—that America makes that bargain basic the in believes passionately Joe Beau. son his of honor in lives save and breakthroughs fund to initiative Moonshot Cancer new a leading now is Joe owner." business small a of daughter the and worker factory a of granddaughter the am I remember always I me takes life where matter "No promise. its in share to everyone for enough big is Dream American the and great, is America says, Trump Donald what matter No care. health have people million 20 ✓ jobs. new million 15 created businesses Our ✓ @JoeBiden: and @POTUS Under citizenship. to path a create to time it's Now shadows. the of out people 700,000 than more bring helped has DACA years, four In http… war a is: it what as change climate treat to need the about is This sharing. worth think I piece a write I Sometimes @billmckibben: RT prayers… My team. our on friend beloved &amp; politics Texas in figure historic a Meza, Choco of passing the by Saddened http… ISIS. on war the undermining even risk, at security national place would business Organization Trump @Newsweek: In @kurteichenwald: RT … account. bank personal his affecting w/o policy foreign US conduct not could Trump Pres A @Newsweek: In @kurteichenwald: RT Donald. "problem" real the weight, her for winner pageant beauty a bullied Donald after years 20 @azcopinions via why: See @HillaryClinton. endorsed has board ed Republic Arizona The @azcentral: RT jail. to big too is CEO no and fail to big too is bank no that clear it make we until change won’t Street Wall know: him let to the before in chip tonight, team @TimKaine's on you're If ET. 9pm at watch to in Tune . your to parents your invite to old too never You're @timkaine: RT t… for up stand to going is candidate which and families, working for up stand to going is candidate which at "Look Sanders: @readbrooks: RT up. us divides not together us brings that president a need We Mexicans. and veterans and women insults Trump Donald day after Day billionaires. the even – taxes our pay must we that understand veterans our and kids our country, our about care who Americans believe I pack: button Kaine Tim a get and $10 in Chip vote: to ready you're sure Make do. can't we nothing there's together, stand we If Peres Shimon of passing the on Hillary and —@BillClinton friend." treasured and true a lost have I and "Hillary finds study wouldn’t, Clinton’s Hillary and debt federal the to add would plan tax Trump's Donald @nytimes: RT … Decades Two Nearly for Taxes Paying Avoided Have Could He Reveal Times The by Obtained Records Tax Trump @ZekeJMiller: RT incarceration. mass of era the it, with along and racket, prison private repugnant morally the end to time It’s exclus… NowThis (a Clinton? Hillary for vote supporters his should Why question: important most the answers .@BernieSanders @nowthisnews: RT written. were stories those where country the is unique What's unique. isn't Bidens the and Rodhams the of story The for. stands America what not That's campaign. his of one day since immigrants and Mexicans vilified has Trump apart. them tear to threaten together—not families immigrant keep to can we everything do should We ! to reason Another buildup. methane massive our for responsible is industry fuel fossil The watch."… my on not was: attitude foster in languishing children had America that aware made was she "Once over. left billion $127 with deficit federal the off pay to —enough billion $717 the cost overseas stashed profits Corporate campaign. his run to voices right-wing extreme most the of one hired Trump Day, Election until days 83 just With "outrageous." revelation tax Trump calls .@BernieSanders @ABCPolitics: RT fraud. is world the around fact, in and, country this in institutions financial largest the of model business The match. to chief campaign new a got he's and fear, and hate of campaign cynical a running is Trump secondary. is else Everything wins. he if jail in opponent his put to promised president for candidate a clear: be Let's @paulkrugman: RT predicted. than faster even happening it's is now saying are they What not. or real is change climate if wondering longer no are Scientists groups: hate and supremacy white to connections @realDonaldTrump's and "alt-right" the about know to need you What change. real for time it's Now rights. sovereign American Native respect to promise solemn its broken has government the again time and Time president. woman 1st the elect to vote her cast she'll 2016, In vote. couldn't women 1913, in born was Ruline When lowest. the of one not world, the in turnout voter highest the have to is job Our debt. student of levels outrageous with saddled be not excitement, with life their start to able be should they college leave people When presidency. the to way his bully Trump Donald let can't We action. took she benefits, in $12,000 promised only were fallen the of families the that learned Hillary When profits. huuuge make to designed it's healthy, us keep to designed isn't system care health The job. another get election, free a in ideas your defend to guts the have don’t you If colleagues: Republican my To sticker: free your get and now in chip Hillary, with stand to proud you're If campaign. this in left days 17 Just issue. life-or-death a is It issue. partisan a not is affordable drugs prescription Making House. White the in one is need we thing last The world. this in bullies of lot a are There https… interview in-depth this in Bates Eric our tells @SenSanders forward," go to continues movement the that is hope "My @NewRepublic: RT CT. ET/10:35 11:35 @JimmyKimmelLive, on Hillary watch to in Tune @FLOTUS. of courtesy vote, to need you reasons Six City: York New in the at live speak Hillary Watch -H community. his to service his for Grateful today. Arkansas in killed officer the of family the for breaks heart My supporters. hateful most his to whistle dog a offering and stereotypes harmful reinforcing is Trump tenants. Latino and black to apartments rent to refusing for Dept. Justice the by sued was he business, in start his getting was Trump When floor. the from dealers black removing repeatedly for casinos Trump’s of one fined regulators State American. an really isn’t Obama President that lie racist the promoting prominence political gained first Trump criminals. and rapists as immigrants Mexican describing by president for campaign own his launched Trump 2015, In Americans? all serve he can how Americans, all respect doesn’t Trump Donald If people. million 11 to message his spread and bigot fringe a took He supremacists. white retweets Trump website. supremacist white a on appeared first that graphic anti-Semitic an posted famously Trump Klan. Klux Ku the of leader former notorious a Duke, David of support the disavow to refused Trump them. condemn to refused he supporters, his from coming threats death and slurs anti-Semitic about asked was Trump Donald When didn’t. They attacks. 9/11 the cheered Jersey New in Muslims American of thousands that claimed Trump that. of evidence no absolutely there’s course Of assassination. Kennedy the in involved was father Cruz’s Ted that suggested Trump come. they as real as are that decisions making of charge in be never should Trump Donald as reality from detached as Someone States. United the of president be to unfit temperamentally is Trump Donald practice. into prejudice put would proposed—they has Trump policies the at Look country. the of out them kick and immigrants of millions up round to force deportation armed an form would Trump citizen. American an you’re , the in born you’re if principle: constitutional bedrock this abolish would Trump religion. their of because just the entering children—from and women, men, billion world— the around Muslim every ban would Trump Apprentice. the of episode an like it’s managers campaign many so fire to had he’s but people," "best the hires only he say to likes Trump work: their of sample a Here's campaign. his of CEO be to "News" Breitbart of head the hired Trump Party. Republican the and campaign Trump’s over taken effectively has element fringe A is. Trump who know We are.” you who you tell will I and walk, you whom with me “Tell says that proverb Mexican old an There’s out. get to Party the in racists any told and exits the to pointed he nomination, Republican the accepted Dole Bob when ago, years 20 do.' I as much as just America 'love Muslims that hear to everyone for declared and mosque a to went Bush W. George 9/11, after week The person." decent "a and citizen American an is Obama Barack that supporters own his told McCain John 2008, In support." their have to honored I’m Republicans. of lot a enough'—including is 'enough saying and up standing are Americans more day, "Every seen. ever we’ve connected and diverse, open, most the is Americans young of generation rising Our together. this, win go Let’s to go or 47246 to JOIN Text out. sit to anyone for important too is election This fuels. fossil on dependency our from away shift to can we that all do must We sign. promising a is This … → future our to dangerous so is rhetoric divisive @realDonaldTrump's why discusses Hillary Reno: from Live @HillaryClinton: RT -H heard. be can democracy our in voice every so easier voting make Let's Carolinians. North for news Great progressives to Clinton pitch to Sunday up teaming Warren Elizabeth Sanders, Bernie @WPJohnWagner: RT back: her have to debate tonight's before in Chip it. show to time the now's Hillary, with you're If watching. worth is today speech minute 30 Obama’s Michelle of minute Every same. the do will who president a need We backs. their have to someone need who workers for up stand Unions Brazil. and India China, than wealth of share lower a has class middle The unbelievable. truly is This ! Happy families. working for made we've progress the and strength that on reflect Let's benefits. everyone strong, are unions When … @NickGass. per problem, health mental America’s address to agenda” “sweeping a released today Clinton @JamilSmith: RT hoax. a it calls who one change—or climate combat to plans real with president a November: in choice The family. business small a in up grow to means it what on @TimKaine WATCH: @HillaryforCO: RT else. everybody of expense the at cuts tax get him like people rich so rigged is plan economic Trump's Donald —@POTUS know." I Hillary the is That never—ever—quits. she odds, the daunting how matter "No insane. is That Chinese. the by perpetrated hoax a it's thinks He change? climate on position Trump's Donald is What Really? night last Trump —Donald temperament." winning a have "I plan. real a value—it's a just not It's —@Lin_Manuel "Vote." about. be to supposed America's what not That’s combined. households of 62% bottom the than wealth more have billionaires 400 reflect… by future inclusive open, more a build Let's history. American African to tribute overdue an is @NMAAHC new The @HillaryClinton: RT records. medical real and returns tax own his release even to refuses still Birther-in-Chief, the Trump, Remember: I?" am what but are, you know "I call 6-year-olds what is else someone onto actions his projecting of habit Trump's corporations. biggest and Americans wealthiest the protect to overtime working are Washington in Republicans MSNBC. to in Tune ET! 8 at tonight @allinwithchris on Sanders Bernie Senator miss Don't @MSNBC: RT respect. utmost our than less nothing action—deserve in missing those and war of prisoners veterans—especially Our … hate. trump we - men and women straight, and gay hispanic, and black white, as - together stand we When @BernieSanders: RT ready: you're sure Make thing. this win to left days 51 got We've … the on —@POTUS got” we’ve planet one the save to shot possible best the us gives “This @WhiteHouse: RT mistake serious a made he but man, good a is Comey James Holder: Eric @PostOpinions: RT wha… Here’s war. nuclear avoiding about ad political a “Daisy,” in appeared and old years three was Monique 1964, In safer. us made and world the around reputation our restored Hillary state, of secretary As secr… America's as years four Hillary's about think leaders world and diplomats, experts, policy foreign what Here's … universities public free tuition &amp; investment HBCU billion $25 a for plans about writes @HillaryClinton Exclusive: @TheRoot: RT president. becomes he if iceberg the of tip the be That'll security. national our threatened already Trump's live: her Join Ohio. in speaking is Hillary Day, Election until days 8 just With up. people lifting about It’s small-minded. not Big-hearted, inclusive. and hopeful is America for vision our divisive, and dark of Instead Arabia. Saudi even Korea, South Japan, weapons. nuclear have should countries more that suggested repeatedly has Trump Donald —Hillary charge.” in put be never should That’s minutes. 4 minutes. 4 as little as take can weapon] nuclear a “[Launching weapons. nuclear with trust can we man a not is tweet a with bait can you man A Manhattan? Lower in tallest the was owned he building a fallen, had Towers Twin the that now that, 9/11 on brags person a of kind What —Hillary call?” right the make and head, level a keep advice, good to listen would Who trust? you would who crisis, a In yourself: "Ask election. our of outcome the influence to the against cyberattacks directing is government Russian the confirmed has intelligence dealings? business his Or policies? pro-Kremlin adopt to promise His him? about said he’s things nice The win? to Trump want Putin would Why associates." its and Kremlin the to connections and ties his of all disclose immediately should days 8 just election the "With —Hillary values." Our security. Our future. our It’s name. Trump’s Donald and name my just not It’s year. this ballot the on what’s "That’s moments. those of one is This time. in moments single to down comes nations greatest the of fate the Sometimes @EamonJavers) (via Source timing: election citing Russians, naming opposed Comey FBI's @CNBC: RT Incredible. farther. go would We perplexed." are insiders "Government @TheBriefing2016: RT president. for choice your make you help to guide A … so. believe experts cyber These bank? Russian a with communicating server Trump a Was @Slate: RT live: Watch campaign. the in left days 8 just with Ohio in Hillary’s Moscow. to connects secret a has Trump Donald reported: just I @FranklinFoer: RT weapons. nuclear America's of charge in be never should Trump Donald agree: officers launch nuclear former of Dozens —Hillary provocation.” slightest the at cool his loses Trump Donald campaign, this in seen we’ve crisis, a handling to comes it "When —Hillary children.” our of safety the put to want you hands whose in and world complicated very a in lead to takes it what about "Think Russia. to ties his about questions serious answer to Trump for time It's ban… Russian-based a to Organization Trump the linking server covert a uncovered apparently have scientists Computer conne… and ties his of all disclose immediately should Trump agree you if RT wait. can’t this left, days 8 just With everyone." scare should It death. to me scares weapons nuclear with Trump Donald of thought "The Day! Vote Early National for today voting you're if this Share job." a good as do you if same the make gonna "You're women: for plan pay equal Trump's Donald Mus… and Latinos, and Mexicans insulting is bigotry, is campaign his of cornerstone whose president a need not do We h… us: with vote the out get Come Plymouth! in speaking be will @BernieSanders tomorrow, time This @HillaryforNH: RT brothers. Koch the like billionaires right-wing by hijacked be longer no can nation great Our .@Koch_Industries after. day the is so but day, important an is Day Election platform. Democratic implement we that certain make to intend I election the After enough. not is Trump Defeating childr… while taxes of share fair his paying avoids who billionaire greedy another just Trump makes taxes paying Not https://t.… → here RSVP this! miss to want don't You Tuesday. this state great our to back coming is @SenSanders news: Big @HillaryforME: RT rights. American Native Respect Pipeline. Access Dakota the Stop say: and sisters and brothers American Native our with united stand must We world. entire the in drugs prescription for prices highest the far, by pay, Americans biggest. the of few a to attention call to want I stopped. be should Pipeline Access Dakota the reasons many are There water. of bodies of dozens threaten potentially would spill A day. every oil crude of gallons million 20 transport will pipeline The 1) millions. for water clean to access threaten could leak A tribes. 28 and states 10 for water drinking provides River Missouri The 2) plants. coal 30 or cars million 21 to equivalent emissions carbon produce would pipeline the through transported Oil 3) there. live who residents American Native the of approval the without this like project a build to unacceptable simply is It 4) stop. to got has That exploited. and to lied been have They long. too for of advantage taken been have people American Native The 5) turnout. increase dramatically would which holiday, a be to Day Election wants Sanders Bernie @thenation: RT Hilloween! Happy @HFA: RT Phoenix. in Thursday this Spanish in entirely remarks deliver will @TimKaine BREAKING: @HillaryforAZ: RT everyone! Halloween, happy and safe a Have past. the from blast a about Talk "… he's claim really taxes no paid have may and businesses, small stiffed year, one in billion $1 lost who man a Can right. he’s shows data economic This November. this ballot the on is progress said Obama Barack Day. Election on message powerful a Trump Donald send Let's s… is Trump Donald what buying aren't clear—they is thing one and Pennsylvania, in retirees with visiting afternoon an spent I @timkaine: RT it stop assault, sexual repudiate Must silent. remain to enough Not sons. our teach we what to contrary behaving is .@SpeakerRyan Donald… what buying aren't clear—they is thing one and Pennsylvania, in retirees with visiting afternoon an spent I like. looks plan counterterrorism "secret") (not comprehensive a what is This registered: Get rights? voting for up stand to way best the What’s overdue. long is It women. for pay equal guarantee to going We’re —Hillary them.” defend will I values. cherished most country’s our trash not will I Commander-in-Chief, your "As involved. get to 47246 to JOIN Text Americans. as are we who That’s together. stronger we’re where future a build can We wages. starvation than better deserve They people. overworked most world’s the are people American the shows study after Study families. middle-class of millions for taxes raise would people—it rich for taxes cut just wouldn't plan Trump's live… to opportunity the have people all whether over struggle the is inequality wealth and income over struggle The Kaine &amp; Clinton Endorse We Editorial: @fcnp: RT keep… would that decisions of kinds the are These Busey. Gary fired You Loaf. Meat or John Little blame didn’t “You lawsuits. settle money—to people's other by foundation—funded his using is Trump Donald frauds.” massive over preside they when time jail face executives if is change will Street Wall that way only "The right: is .@SenWarren students. college for advice great some got Hillary's it. with along incarceration mass of era the and centers, detention and prisons private of system the end Let's … fortunate. less are who us of those of care take will who office in someone put to need compassionate are who us of Those @UncleRUSH: RT https://t… 7th September @MSNBC on @IAVA with forum "Commander-in-chief" a in participate to confirmed are Trump and Clinton @MaddowBlog: RT crisis: loan student the tackle to plan Hillary's under save could you much how out Find instead: money that with do could we what Here's break. tax billion $4 a family own his give could plan tax Trump’s degree. college a have who people as much as programs apprenticeship from graduate who people value should We Tr… are Where do). to him urged Trump (which returns tax 2011 his released Romney today, ago years 4 anniversary! Happy @TheBriefing2016: RT decide. You leader? good a be to discipline the have Trump Does https:/… close. that it--it's decide could volunteer to do you What election. the is today from weeks Four morning! Good @ZephyrTeachout: RT https://t… years 18 for tax income federal no paid have could He records. tax 1995 Trump's of parts obtained has NYT Exclusive: @nytimes: RT registered: you're sure Make you? Are voting. They're goi… he’s handful a what show Trump Donald saw and ready, is she show @HillaryClinton saw million 80 debate the At Donal… No president. “your" as @POTUS to referred then and campaign birther racist for credit took .@realDonaldTrump lo… great crowd, Great Kalamazoo. in dinner West the of Best the at me having for @HillaryforMI @MichiganDems Thanks products? his make to world the around workers exploits company own his while outsourcing to object face, straight a with Trump, can How Trump Donald debating by learned she what on —Hillary important.” is preparation that learned “I harmful. they’re ignorant, just aren't comments Trump’s can't. people weak &amp; handle can people strong something isn't stress Post-traumatic whethe… decide couldn't Trump time the remember mate, running his defend to stage debate the takes Pence Mike Before doing. are Republicans other and Trump Donald what precisely is which science reject you if policy public sane have cannot You ballot. the on is Progress des… We years? 18 last the in taxes paid even he Has $6M+. get will veterans returns tax his releases Trump If official: It's @Peter_J_K: RT forget. will never and forgotten never have I lesson a That's family. a to means money of lack a what day every learned I kid a was I When … otros. muchos para camino el abierto ha que pionera una Sotomayor, Sonia de trayectoria la Celebramos @Hillary_esp: RT progress: our on build and legacy @POTUS's secure we'll 8, November on up show all we When billionaires. few a just not people, American the of agenda the represent should agenda Congress’ —Mira ally." my as Hillary and woman gay a as me other: each to out came both we when moment that of think often "I … all for justice social for fighting continue to you encourage I &amp; Senator openly-gay first the as serve to proud I'm @tammybaldwin: RT treatment. leading the for $27,000 charges Valeant lead, by poisoned are Flint in kids While end. an to greed their bring must We 2,700%. than more price the up hiked Valeant year single a In votar. para registren se y visiten que pide .@TimKaine @Hillary_esp: RT —@POTUS:… time." long a for country this of direction the determine will make, we that make, you that choice “The now: in tonight—chip stage on steps she before back her have you Hillary Show companies. fuel fossil to breaks tax in billions giving continue to inappropriate completely is it face, we crisis planetary the Considering respect with women treats he say can't Trump Donald Day. Equality Women's It's @TheBriefing2016: RT co-host my is @hillaryclinton and Day Election through run will that podcast new a doing I'm @maxlinsky: RT https://t… interests. business your Explain returns. tax your Release Donald. clean, come to time It’s @timkaine: RT https:… WI. in water drinking safe to access have don’t who thousands for fighting keep must We @russfeingold: RT theirs. pay to people other telling of afraid not he’s taxes—but paying without decades gone have might Trump Donald … ill mentally house to expanding is jail one hospitals, psychiatric down shuts Alabama As @splcenter: RT spoke. he seconds 50 every for lie one roughly told Trump debates, presidential three the Between worse. even but same, the of more is Partnership Trans-Pacific The disaster. a been have agreements trade free Our nature. of part are us, of all beings, human that is country this to brought have Americans Native that lessons important most the of One @g_keillor. ask hardworking—just and disciplined, smart, is Hillary Trump. Donald of takedowns best Bernie's of some are here debate, presidential final tonight's of Ahead delega… Illinois the casting on friend, oldest Hillary's —Betsy, word." that of sense every in overwhelming, was "It and… around industry auto the turned @BarackObama MI. Flint, in me having for 599 Local @UAW to Thanks pose. they risks security national the ties—and business foreign dangerous his on answer to needs Trump questions 20 them: help to going We’re them crushing is debt Student ✓ expensive too is College ✓ things: two say people Young college attend to measures) drastic more (or loans out take to have shouldn't You debt-free. college make to need We poverty. in children of needs the ignore we when occurs that destruction physical and emotional the ignore cannot We judgment. not treatment, on focused be should help health, mental to comes it When @timkaine: RT yet. done not we're And movement. historic and extraordinary an into campaign a transformed all You judgment. not treatment, on focused be should help health, mental to comes it When it. build to able be should you business, a dream can you If ready: she's shows state of secretary our as time Hillary's How job. entry-level an isn't presidency The lobbyists. financial powerful to up standing by frustration and anger their understand we that constituents our assure to come has time The words. empty his than louder speak actions Trump's Donald believe you if RT -H past. our on reflecting by future inclusive open, more a build Let's history. American African to tribute overdue an is @NMAAHC new The calls: making in me Join time! good a have and win Hillary Help https://t.… @NatlParkService. the to birthday Happy today. idea best our still is ago years 100 idea best America's @johnpodesta: RT live: them join to now in Tune Pittsburgh. in together campaigning are @TimKaine and Hillary ceilings. more break Let's vote. to right the won women many and adopted was Amendment 19th the 1920, in day this On workers. women for equity pay for fight and women the with stand will man every hope I wages, fair about talk we When goal. that achieved not have still we Today, ago. years 100 workweek. 40-hour A ago? years 100 for fought workers what know you Do yours? are Where @realDonaldTrump. returns, tax my released Just already. countries many in reality It's right. a as insurance health have should American every that say to thinking utopian not is It a… registered you're sure Make ET. 5pm at 10/18 tomorrow, is deadline registration voter Your Florida: forget, Don't @NColtrain cc now: FB on CSU at rally Sanders' Bernie to heading folks with live We're @coloradoan: RT v… early during register still can You Thursday. on starts vote early — Deborah for vote to 8th November until wait Don’t @DeborahRossNC: RT … people? divides or people respects that nation a see we Do mirror. the in looking about is election This @timkaine: RT need. in most are who people for housing affordable new discuss to Vermont visiting for @SecretaryCastro you Thank Americans wealthiest the and himself for cut tax dollar multi-billion a plan: Trump's Donald rights. gay to opposition and choose to right women's a to opposition is mean usually they what values” “family about talk Republicans When president: be to wants who man a —Trump, machine.” eating an like was She months. pounds 55 about gained “She nationally. registration voter automatic established we time It's less. not voting, people more want should We Iraq in serving died who Khan, Humayun of parents the to response —Trump's sacrifices." of lot a made I've think "I owe. they billions the hide to use corporations loopholes the shut Congress time about It's right. is Reich Robert registered: you're sure Make matters. vote Your Latin@s. los todos que más veces 10 — 736% crecido ha estadounidenses 400 de riqueza la años, 30 últimos los En work: changing life its on 87% spends @ClintonFdn The FACT: @ClintonFdn: RT Hillary:… with they're why on @EmpireFOX of cast The intolerance." against up stands who president a want "I President for @HillaryClinton recommend to proud are We @TBTimes_Opinion: RT corporations. big jut not us, for work government the make to priorities national change to going are We Republicans. by protection now, and, breaks tax huge gets profits, in billions has change, climate about lies Exxon ass. its off donkey this get to time it’s and hands our on fight real a have Democrats we folks, what, you tell I’ll skills. diplomatic to equate doesn't abroad pageants Universe Miss hosting out, Turns … us. uniting than us dividing in interested more he's that clear it makes plan immigration Trump's Donald @timkaine: RT … agree. America across newspapers debate—and presidential first the of winner the was Hillary be… to prepared I for? prepared I else what know you And debate. this for preparing for me criticized just “Donald help: to Here campaign! his throughout saying been has Trump things the of lot a forgot Pence like Seems pr… A topic. unrelated an discusses immediately then comments, horrible Trump's defend to threatens continually Pence Mike @JohnDingell: RT do. Kaine Tim and Clinton Hillary women. trust don't Trump and Pence issue. the IS women of trust The @BarbaraBoxer: RT Trump. against running were @timkaine and @mike_pence Both tonight. debate second his lost @realDonaldTrump @jmpalmieri: RT now: in Chip divided. not united, we're when stronger we're that Trump Donald and Pence Mike Show now: in Chip together. standing we're that world the show Let's calidad de y asequible salud de cuidado y digna jubilación una a acceso tener deberían Todos year a $200,000 nearly costs drug cancer this why know to wants Sanders Bernie @Wonkblog: RT in:… people more invite and opportunity of circle the widen we when greater country our make We at… plan Hillary's with save could you much how See America. in everyone for debt-free college make to going We're elections. buy to free be will Billionaires Translation: amendment.” First the violates spending campaign on restriction “Any Johnson: Gary difference: the make could votes few a just where states key in voters out turn Help -H here: place polling your Find voting. early of start the for began all it where today Iowa in back be to Glad wage. livable a employees your pay can you year, single every billions make can you If acro… medication of cost the lower and on them take to going are We nervous. very very, getting is industry drug The country. this in Not prescription. their getting or groceries buying between choosing be shouldn’t People Zika. on action deserve Americans act. to refuse Congress in Republicans and emergency, health public a facing We're ballots: absentee and voting early about know to need you what Here's in… workers other of hundreds cheating and year a in billion $1 nearly losing worker” collar “blue a of heard Never @FLOTUS: by inspired sticker, free your get to now in Chip class. middle our of collapse the and bottom the to race the to contributed significantly have TPP like agreements trade Corporate-backed … pipeline Dakota against fight in people’ American Native of exploitation the of ‘end pledges Sanders Bernie @postpolitics: RT Pact Trade Pacific Against Action of Day Joins Sanders NEWS: … interests security national upend could ties foreign Trump's story: cover latest Our @Newsweek: RT means: he what is This people. best the hires he says Trump untrue. and mean bigoted, been have comments His campaign. deplorable a running @RealDonaldTrump by stands .@HillaryClinton @TJMShow: RT change. climate on progress all almost block to candidates buying billions spends industry fuel fossil The … donation political illegal for IRS the by Fined Fdn: Trump @CharityNav from stars 4/4 .@ClintonFdn: @TheBriefing2016: RT released. haven't) (or have they everything up stacked We transparency? on Trump and Hillary compare to Want Friday. on her join to pleased I'm wage. minimum $15 a back to candidates Senate first the of one was McGinty Katie $5000: than more student typical the save It'll plan? college Hillary's about heard you Have . she's 103, at Today, vote. couldn't women born, was Steininger Ruline When @HillaryforIA: RT appeals. demagogic and racist with country the divide to trying by not ideas, their on campaign would people 2016 by that hoped have would I Miami. in Hillary for trail campaign the hits @POTUS live: Watch —@POTUS days." 19 last these over thing right the do don't we if stake at is progress that "All patients. its with than profit its with concerned more is it indicate tactics sales outrageous ARIAD's lesson: history a for time It's @brosandprose: RT priorities. of set different a had has Trump families. and kids for fighting years 30 past the spent Hillary's Democrats. elect you lemons, you gives life When @HillaryforWI: RT FDR: was endorsed @DallasNews the Democrat last the Hillary, Before movement. a into transformed have advocates justice environmental &amp; sisters and brothers American Native Our drug. 1 Schedule a be not should It heroin. beside classified be to deserves marijuana that believes seriously one No Immigration on Answer the Aren’t Prisons @nytimes: from read Must country. this across medication of cost the lower and defensive the on them put to going are we California in industry drug the beat we If again." over and over me and family my with stood has who never have I woman a is "This 90%. bottom the as wealth much as almost owns top the which in inequality income &amp; wealth of level grotesque a have we today America In tax. estate the ending by top the to billion $353 worth break tax a provide to is inequality massive to solution .@realDonaldTrump’s inequality. of level obscene the reduces &amp; share fair their pay to billionaires asks which system tax a need we understands .@HillaryClinton families. working in invest and inequality wealth reduce to way fairest the is Americans of wealthiest the on tax estate progressive A family. own his for break tax billion $4 a It's families. working help wouldn't tax estate the eliminate to plan .@realDonaldTrump's word. the spread help to debate tonight's during @TheBriefing2016 Follow facts. the to accountable Trump hold to time It's Hillary. friend, her on cheering audience the in be will Janelle debate, tonight's At https://t.… wrong" that's And the into carbon of tons 250,000-per-day about bring to going is pipeline "This @democracynow: RT Service Public and Politics of Institute @GUPolitics of Fellows other the with today Hilltop the At Facebook: on friends your there—find get us Help volunteers. 50,000 for looking we're and Day, Volunteer HFA It's @realDonaldTrump. from Happy things. hateful these of all say did really @realDonaldTrump Yes, now booth the to over heading - the at here is .@MartinOMalley @MinnesotaDFL: RT better!" do all we when better do all "we : the at Wellstone quoting .@MartinOMalley @MinnesotaDFL: RT prescribed. are they medication the afford can't Americans 5 of out 1 drug. unaffordable only the hardly are EpiPens http… TPP from removed be to supercourt global for call more &amp; @brianschatz @SenWarren, @BernieSanders, .@SenSherrodBrown, @BuzzFeedNews: RT -H together. yours like families keep to can I everything do to going I’m Astrid. brave, so being for you Thank drugs. prescription affordable and safe to access includes that and right, human a is care health to Access right! was Bernie Report: @smencimer: RT Enquirer?) National the (Uh, 3. 2. 1. @realDonaldTrump: endorsed have that Newspapers … now. until -- office political for candidate a endorsed never have Policy Foreign of editors The @ForeignPolicy: RT chance:… the gets she sure Make Commander-in-Chief. be to prepared is stage night's last on person one Only celebratin… worth That's millions. for care provided has Parenthood Planned screenings, cancer to control birth From . another to Here's lives. own their determine to women for possible it made has Parenthood Planned century, a For @POTUS: RT → same the do friends your help and registration your Check voter. a Be Filed? Been Case Fargo Wells in Inquiries Criminal Any Have Sanders: NEWS: Fargo: Wells fined who regulators the for question simple very a have I personal. policy—it's than more about is succeed businesses small Helping TPP. the on vote a block to decision McConnell's Leader Majority welcome I hatred. trumps Love right. absolutely is .@PramilaJayapal elections. of funding public have to need We United. pre-Citizens to back go to enough not It's … trail. campaign the on out experience and talent Anne's with someone have to lucky more be couldn't We @HillaryClinton: RT Trump Donald of is he than Sanders Bernie of afraid more is Ryan Paul @nowthisnews: RT ret… in something expect “I answered: Koch Charles donations, political in millions his for get to hoped he what asked When @SenatorReid: RT wrong. dead are They cut. be must and crisis in is Security Social believe to people American the want Republicans it. expand to want They Security. Social to cuts want not do they saying are who Americans of majority the to listening begin must Congress dignity. with retire can everyone so Security Social expand to is job Our by. get to going they’re how about worry shouldn't workers Older voting? from you stop to hard so working be side other the would why weren't, it If important. is vote Your http… lives." their changed she’s ways 8 are children—here for fighting life her spent has "@HillaryClinton this. Love @SenGillibrand: RT @PattyMurra… @SenSchumer @SenSanders options expand and premiums lower costs, in billions cut to a need We @SenJeffMerkley: RT president for choice clear the is Clinton Hillary endorsement: Editorial @heraldleader: RT medication. their afford cannot they because dying are customers when millions making be not should companies drug of CEOs The Trum… Donald help to order in acts hostile such in engage to willing is Russia that American every concern should It —@POTUS: vote." to people get to got We've matters. It history. your on up "Read https:… Join: $83, = week last tweets 191 tweet. @realDonaldTrump every for @HFA to 23¢ of av. an pledged ppl 1881 @just_jenna: RT @NewYorker… —The resilient." schooled, serious, experienced, candidate: capable distinctly a is Clinton "Hillary gratitude,… deepest and support our deserve uniform in women and men Our thing. right the did Carter Secretary Glad at state your in vote can you when out Find early! vote boo, Don't Incredib… business. PR the in are they that claiming by community intelligence the in working person single every insults Trump @McFaul: RT Trump Donald to hero, American fallen a of father Khan, —Khizr America?" your in place a have son my "Would → NC in time first the for together trail the on @FLOTUS and Hillary Join this. miss to want don't You vote. to got you’ve strengthened, and protected it’s sure make to want and vote to right the about care you If vote. to got you’ve us, served they’ve because serve, who those with stand should America that believe you If vote. to got love—you’ve they who or are they who matter no equally, treated be to deserves everyone believe you If —Hillary election.” this ballot the on also is girls and women for respect and "Dignity —Hillary in." believe we what for fighting stop never and values, our to true stay hard, work to us reminds who “someone is .@FLOTUS —Hillary Obama?” Michelle than inspiring more anyone there is “Seriously, Khans. the like families, military our disrespects Trump how forget never can We you. for place a has America that know kids our all sure make to got We’ve —Hillary presidency." my of day single every them for fight will I and career, my of step every at kids for fighting been "I’ve excited. THIS was crowd the where many seen haven I - rallies political of lot a covered I've @asmamk: RT —@FLOTUS Clinton.” Hillary than president for candidate prepared or qualified more a had before never have "We —@FLOTUS clear.” more be not could election this in stakes our of eyes the into look we “As —@FLOTUS blessing." as as but threat, a as not differences our sees who country, this in force unifying a is who someone want "We —@FLOTUS world." the of corners all from here came who people by built was nation this that understands who president a want "We —@FLOTUS well." it do to maturity and temperament the has and seriously job this takes who president a want "We —@FLOTUS woman." a be to happens she yes, Commander-in-Chief…and be to ready absolutely "is Hillary —@FLOTUS thing.” good a is that president, are you when you, tell me let And wonk. policy a is Hillary "Thankfully, —@FLOTUS States.” United the of president elected her get and job our do to need we Now job. her done has “Hillary —@FLOTUS now!” right Vote early. Vote Hillary. for vote and out Get vote. and out “Get —@FLOTUS low.” go they when high go we way ultimate the is vote our "Casting —@FLOTUS right.” this for lives their sacrificed They time. jail and beatings endured They vote. to right our for protested &amp; marched “Folks happen: that let Don't —@FLOTUS us.” on be will that election, this win doesn’t Hillary “If —@FLOTUS… Hillary.” friend our than president for candidate prepared and qualified more a had never have “We point. our proves basically @realDonaldTrump which In wit… living student a —Bryce, House." White the in one want don't especially I and life, my in bullies want don't "I -H safe. all are crew the and Service, Secret staff, his @mike_pence, hear to Glad vote?… to ready you Are time. same the at history make and want we country the for fight can We 🙌 rally: joint first-ever Hillary's and Michelle from highlights the all Get —@FLOTUS rock." we ladies, "First presidency." my of heart the be they'll life—and my of passion the been have families and "Kids @MarkKirk. grasp, to hard that not really It's country. this to family's—service her @TammyforIL's—and for Thankful now it stop to action take should @POTUS Pipeline. Access Dakota the to opposition in I @HowardU,… @AmericanU, @GWtweets, @Georgetown, from ppl seeing Great me! having for @dccollegedems Thanks … rally! a for PM 4 at tomorrow Simi in me and @MartinOMalley Join @BryanCaforio: RT cowar… political a is them against vote will people those that know they because vote the suppressing is who Anybody all. at office for run shouldn’t you then @realDonaldTrump, ideas your on office for run to guts the have don’t you If election… this sitting not I'm planet. this of future the about worry I kids. four and grandchildren seven got I've … here: RSVP Please ! @LyndonVSC at tomorrow vote the out get to @BernieSanders &amp; Sue join Please @SueMinterVT: RT 8! Nov. Vote general." in governance and Washington to perspective fresh a bring "would .@ZephyrTeachout palpable. is spectrum, political the across all people, American the of frustration and anger The me. with Congress in her need I corporations. powerful to up stand to need we understands .@ZephyrTeachout https://t… election: presidential the after do he'll what outlines @BernieSanders @GlobeOpinion, In @BostonGlobe: RT Congress. of true is same the why explaining in way long a goes Americans most with step of out wildly are views billionaires' that fact The @willafrej by ➡️ merger Warner AT&amp;T-Time slams Sanders Bernie @HuffPostPol: RT crooks. are opinion, humble my in industry, pharmaceutical the in guys These Arctic. the in oil for drill is do should we thing last the fuels, fossil from away transition must we that us tell scientists When companies. fuel fossil to breaks tax in billions giving continue to inappropriate completely is it face, we crisis planetary the Considering point. this at debatable not plainly is That humans. by caused is it and happening is change Climate lobbyists. fuel fossil to pander to order in planet our of future the risk to colleagues Republican my for irresponsible than more is It photos: my on take Anne's them: of one you're sure Make voting. already are country the across people of Millions time… still there's states, of lots In vote. to registered already have who Americans million 200 than more the Join … acercando”—@TimKaine. está se Elección la de Día El rápido. muy pasando están días Los hacer. que mucho “Hay @Hillary_esp: RT -H safe. all are crew the and Service, Secret staff, his @mike_pence, hear to Glad @HillaryClinton: RT be. would policies his disqualifying, weren't misogyny and bigotry, bullying, Trump's if Even https:… disagree. We today Florida in rally his during Trump —Donald country." this to immigrate to right the has one "No @HillaryforOH: RT Putin. praising stop should We right: is Kaine Tim … does? Trump things the defend Pence will Now, issues. the on aligned are Pence Mike and Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT that. say did mate running your @mike_pence, Actually, i… fundraising stop to ordered was Foundation Trump the Yesterday Watch. Charity from rating A+ an has Foundation Clinton The @timkaine: RT … —@mike_pence causes." charitable on cent every "virtually spent has Foundation Trump The https:… yourself: for See charity. on directly funds its of 87% spends .@ClintonFdn @TheBriefing2016: RT —@timkaine pregnancy." about decision own their women American of right constitutional the support We Wade. v. Roe support "We @TimKaine. you, Thank women." American trust "We … option no There's rights. gay supports he &amp; strong intelligent, He's @timkaine. ❤️ I @FrankieJGrande: RT Pence Mike on —Tim defend.” cannot he somebody for vote to everybody asking “He’s Hillary on —Tim deals.” tough negotiate and table the at down sit to how knows “She NY. in fundraising stop to ordered was Foundation Trump the Yesterday Watch. Charity from rating A+ an has Foundation Clinton The —Tim views.” their of regardless society in else everybody for views own our substitute can't "We is." he who you showing is be should women says Trump Donald When speaks. mouth the heart the of fullness the "From next.” the after insult one about been that’s campaign a running Trump…is Donald and Together’ ‘Stronger about campaign a running “Hillary’s benefits." their cut gonna are we but year, a $13,000 on by get to trying seniors have we "yeah, say, Republicans world. the in good greater the about something know to come can we somebody, with interact we time Every —@FLOTUS from." come we where matter no worthy, and precious all are we hard-earned and work hard in grounded is hope "Our Trump on —@FLOTUS are." really they who idea no has he sisters—because and brothers Muslim our of afraid be should we thinks "He Trump on —@FLOTUS respect." and love of worthy beings human than we're if as women humiliates and demeans "He —@FLOTUS us." of all for place a have to enough strong—big and vibrant and powerful is country our that knows "Hillary —@FLOTUS tuition-free." education your make to plan a has [Hillary] college, affording about worried person young a you're "If —@FLOTUS doing." she's what knows absolutely Clinton Hillary And thing. good a is doing you're what you're "When —@FLOTUS decide.” You tweets. has opponent Her people. help to policies comprehensive has "Hillary —@FLOTUS home." stay to you get to trying are they that understand 'rigged,' is election this hear you "When —@FLOTUS democracy.” this for died and marched and fought have people many Too 'suspense.’ in democracy American keep to try not do "You —@FLOTUS matters." vote every that know we Because voices. our silence anyone let cannot We hope. our away take anyone let cannot "We —@FLOTUS them." meet to up rise we ideals, highest our discard don't we up, give don't we times, difficult "In Trump. support proudly supremacists white that coincidence a not It's country. this in people the of rest the affects greed their that remember to stand could Bankers vacuum. a in exist doesn’t Street Wall https://… more and Band Matthews Dave Replacements, obsessions: musical his on deep goes Kaine Tim @RollingStone: RT TX:… and TN, SC, PA, OH, NM, MI, LA, KY, IN, GA, AR, in vote to register to day last your is Today @realDonaldTrump on —Karen bully." a still he's and old, years 70 "He's podcast: week's this in 🎤 the takes @ChelseaClinton lifetime." my in election important most the is this think "I aberration. an not is customers its of abuse Fargo’s Wells $0. families of and billion $4 family his save could so Doing tax. estate the eliminate to wants Trump Donald leave. vacation and sick family, paid to access workers ensure and world the of rest the join must We America. for place no is place Last possible. as quickly as America in racket prison private the end to got have We jail. to big too as executives Street Wall treats that system justice criminal a tolerate longer no can We Trump. Donald than better deserve country our served have who women and men brave The hoax. a change climate calls and science rejects that party major a have we that is politics American in outrages great the of One -@nytimes Pennsylvania in Senate the for Choice Best the McGinty, Katie htt… impressed. I'm debt. &amp; access around issues critical many so Addresses smart. really is plan HBCU .@HillaryClinton's @texasinafrica: RT repaid. be never can that gratitude of debt a people native the owes States United The http… clicks! few a takes only , at vote to registered you're if Check away. weeks just is election The @ddlovato: RT endorsement presidential first its in —@VogueMagazine President." Madam hope: us give words “Two it on debate a have we'll Finally families. immigrant of well-being for election impt more a been never has There … Party” Republican the over taken have to appear “We merger: Trump-Breitbart cheers show Duke’s David @MariaTCardona: RT much. so Not other? The families. their and workers for up stand would candidate One Medicaid. and Medicare Security, Social law, wage minimum for fought who activists the of accomplishments the celebrate we Today … election! this in stake at what's about @TheRivetersPod the for @BuffyWicks with chatting Loved @BrynneCraig: RT https://… plan: the Read education. better 3) communities; healthy 2) incomes; higher 1) for agenda out lays @timkaine MI, In @mpshapiro: RT stage: global the on lead to ready candidate only the Hillary's proved—again—that that night last moment One together: it, building keep Let's —@JoeBiden class.” middle the country: damn this built who you tell me “Let —@JoeBiden gravity." acknowledging of verge the on was he heard I way, the By Ukraine. of part was Crimea that out found Trump glad "I'm @Sia: RT leave. paid on world the of rest the to up catch finally may we Office, Oval the in mother a With t… down and up Dems elect to ready are We today! Moines Des in @MartinOMalley and Dave hosting for @Senator_Hatch you Thank @DaveForIowa: RT here: go haven't, you If this. RT ballot, your cast already you've If states. of lots in underway is Voting —@POTUS: vote!" Go send-off? good a me give to want "You care: world-class of short nothing them owe We understand. ever we'll than stronger are PTS experience who Veterans -H movement. labor our strengthening to WWII in serving contributions—from many their honor lets so Month, History American Filipino It’s Co… PLEASE: . It's ? after feeling you're Everything So. @shondarhimes: RT → debate night's last winning since rally first her for NC in live Hillary Join -H America. in place no has Discrimination law. HB2 anti-LGBT the of because Carolina North from games tournament pull to right is @NCAA The all. for and once pipeline, Access Dakota the stop must We continues. fight The child. your it's when detail a just not it's policy—because on details the sweat should president next The this: win help to now up Sign deck. on hands all it's election, the until days 18 just With listings: local your Check Sunday. this Press the Meet NBC's on Sanders Sen. Watch lowest. the of one not world, the in turnouts voter highest the of one have country our see to want I change. climate combating on backward step a take to afford can't We agree: you if RT @HFA: RT https://t.… chief. campaign for choice his out Check people. greatest the with himself surrounds he claims Trump Donald @TheBriefing2016: RT be. should that world the not is quo status the that determine millions the by people when place takes Change … via RSVP campus! on @MartinOMalley Gov. former host they as @EastCarolina at TONIGHT 6pm at @ECUCD Join @PittDems: RT … music?? Sanders' Bernie that Is wait! billion---- for taxes estate raise to plan new a has Clinton Hillary @jimtankersley: RT D… for break tax dollar multi-billion a It's families. working help wouldn't tax estate the end to plan Republicans' himself.… for funds emergency pocketed Trump 9/11. after York New rebuild and support to worked Hillary 2001, In either. Trump, Donald defend to want wouldn't we defense, Pence's Mike In income. families' their of regardless need they education higher the get can people young our unless economy successful a have won’t We president. as do he'd damage the Imagine stage. world the on us embarrassed already has Trump candidate, a As -H here. need in those help to donate can You path. Matthew's Hurricane in families of millions the for Concerned … precinct" entire an swing could hall, this in just you, of "Each vote: to Americans on calls Obama Michelle @CNNPolitics: RT … at vote to registered you're sure make can you live, you where matter No support. your have to grateful So voto." su es voz right—"su You're @_VicenteFdez. you, Thank himself.” of painting six-foot-tall a buy to purposes charitable for earmarked money of $20,000 spent "Trump companies. fuel fossil to breaks tax in billions giving continue to inappropriate completely is it face, we crisis planetary the Considering details: the Get school? afford to student-parents for easier it makes plan college Hillary's know you Did for. stand we everything down tear Trump let can't We stronger. us make values shared our America, In @timkaine: RT representamos. que lo destruya Trump Donald que dejar podemos No fuertes. más hacen nos compartidos valores Nuestros https:… worldwide. need in those helping others &amp; Helmets White the by Inspired in. rush they down, rain bombs When @rosenbergerlm: RT starvation. and drought mass like crises humanitarian preventing about It’s bears. polar saving about just isn’t change climate Addressing … ourselves. better it said have couldn't We @timkaine - themselves?" for choice this make to women trust you don't "Why @PPact: RT longer. much last won't they change climate combat don't we if but week this old years 100 turn Parks National pretty is choice The @NRA: RT … tonight. reputation his destroyed Pence honesty, their by measured are politicians If @NewRepublic: RT here: RSVP today. Bay Green in be will @BernieSanders @tammybaldwin: RT wage. living a workers their paying not by programs assistance public in year every billion $ taxpayers costs Walmart that insane It’s history. our in president African-American first the delegitimizing about was movement birther The @NYTimes: The Trump. Donald wasn't sure it but night, last defending was Pence Mike whom exactly unclear It's military… our to nothing contributed Trump like looks it taxes, in share fair their paid families of millions While country. this in crooks of bunch biggest the is industry pharmaceutical The orientation. sexual or religion our color, skin our from, came family our where by up us divide to politicians allow not to is job Our down. go wages workers' all suffer, unions when know they because officials anti-union elect to millions spend Kochs the like Billionaires why: Here's unions. for thankful be should us of All Photo AP | didn’t he claimed Pence that said definitely Trump things 6 @politico: RT president: becomes never he sure make Let's is. Trump Donald who well too all know We —@LAtimes candidate." better overwhelmingly the is she because support America’s deserves "[Hillary] put, Simply —@NYDailyNews 2016." in States United the of presidency the for choice the away and far is "She Period. Commander-in-Chief. be to unfit is "strong" not are PTS from suffering veterans that implies who person A wreak.”—@WashingtonPost: might Trump Mr. damage the consider to not reckless be would “It winner! a have We @darreldrowland @SenSherrodBrown millions. deport wall," a "build immigrants, demonize along: all clear been has immigration on plan Trump's Donald religion race, regardless famine &amp; war fleeing people on backs our turn never &amp; Americans as values our to up live must We right. is .@POTUS police. by killed and shot unarmed, Americans, African often people, many too far seen We've outrage. an is death Crutcher's Terrence here: up Sign home. from calls making by win Hillary help can You Office? Oval the in mom a have to time it Isn't —@RepJohnLewis: just." is what and fair, is what right, is what for fighter a is "She https://… helps: this but HQ, in him miss We @NickMerrill. than road the from entertained or informed more us keeps one No @creynoldsnc: RT https:/… RSVP: 4pm. at open Doors Hall. Independence at held be will 7 Nov Monday, on Rally Our UPDATED: @HillaryforPA: RT https… RSVP: Oakland. in Learning of Cathedral the at 7 Nov. tomorrow, Pittsburgh in campaign to @HillaryClinton BREAKING: @HillaryforPA: RT agree. you if this Share hate. and fear, bigotry, than better are We women. insulting and objectifying, demeaning, Trump Donald of minutes 10 for. stands she what and career Hillary’s of story the tell that photos The -Dominique… amazing." just It's lady. a for vote to get I now And me. like black was for vote to got I president first "The @hannahbfine: RT —@RepJohnLewis forward." go to want We back. go to want don't "We to… helping trail the on out everyone and @JenCarlosMusic, @KatyPerry, to Thanks night. last from moment this Loved —@POTUS vote!" Go send-off? good a me give to want "You here: Watch go. to days two with Cleveland in live are @KingJames and Hillary HIllary with Ohio in —@KingJames vote.” we sure make and out get to have "We —@KingJames Clinton!” Hillary Ms. president, next “Our Ohio in —Hillary what.” matter No you. on quit ever never, will I and people, our in believe I and country, our love "I greater." even be can we down, other each tearing of instead up, other each we…lift if and good, is America because great is "America Ohio in —Hillary included.” is everyone where place, a has everyone where America an want "I Cleveland in —Hillary year.” a $125,000 than less making family every for tuition-free be to university and college public every want "I Ohio. Cleveland in @KingJames with .@HillaryClinton @dougmillsnyt: RT win! will she that believe I amazing. it's and Ohio to visit last Her @ericwms: RT vote" we sure make and out get to have "We Hillary: introducing LeBron is Here @colinjones: RT can.… we as long as for can, we people the all for can, we good the All about: it's what is This . are We neighbors. our are threat—they a or burden a not are Somali-Americans @HillaryforMN: RT pla… a have son my Would Trump: Mr. ask to want I American. Muslim a was he and Khan Humayun Captain was son "My rain. the in Florida 1992. since changed lot's A @HFA: RT King. a for fit rally A 1-844-IM4-… call polls YOUR at questions ANY have you if vote!! our cast we until leaving not &amp; early vote to line in we're @tyleroakley: RT here: Watch go. to days two with Hampshire New in live are @JamesTaylor_com and Hillary Trump Donald to Khan —Khizr you? like isn’t who anyone America?…Would your in place a have Khan Humayun Capt. son my "Would Khan Khizr on —Hillary great.” America make that values the exemplify family his and “He family Khan the on —Hillary home.” their America make to decided family remarkable this that grateful be all should “We —Hillary unity.” and division between choice a is It reckoning. a is election “This America" your isn't this Trump, Mr. "Thankfully, Khan: Khizr @ABCPolitics: RT —Hillary grandchildren.” and children our for want we country of kind what is ballot the on really "What’s —Hillary community.” your family, your hopes, your aspirations, your dreams, your you… about is election “This (n… 564,000 2016: 539,000 2012: Florida. in Voting Early in participated who voters black total in Obama passed Hillary @AdamSmith_usa: RT Hillary. you, for one's This up. Pantsuit president. next our be should Hillary reasons more 132 rights"—and human are rights "Women's beginning. just is do to have we work the but journey, amazing an caps Tomorrow 👍👍 up! thumbs two bus this give I and Morgan Joyce Councilwoman Jacksonville election… this win and @HillaryClinton for Florida deal Let's Jacksonville! in day Polls the to Souls was Today them. eliminate to want They Security. Social and Medicare cut to want just don't brothers Koch the that understand Please idea. good a is United Citizens think Republicans the is opponent her and @MorganLCarroll between difference The driving… pharma big against &amp; independent manufacturing, local farms, family for fight will I Congress In @ZephyrTeachout: RT Hillary. for vote go to you wants Sanders Bernie out.” it sit not do “Please @ajplus: RT environment. our protect Let's concept. novel a be shouldn't that 2016 In science. in believe I @CatherineForNV: RT ht… School High Central at AZ Phoenix, in Clinton Hillary for campaigns Sanders Bernie LIVE: WATCH @FOX10Phoenix: RT stake. at is planet the of future the change, climate of terms in Literally, high. enormously are stakes The Pharma. Big to up stand to tonight Palladium the at Bernie Join Angeles! Los @BaztaArpaio! say I Trump, Donald defeat to have we do only Not lives. your of rest the about is it years, four next the about not is really election This https:… us: join Come Tuesday! on vote to Vegans Las remind to 2pm at today @CSNCoyote at @BernieSanders join to Excited @CatherineForNV: RT president. be should who someone not is That disabilities. with people of fun makes and women on assaults his of proud is Trump Donald on… blue NV turn Let's matters. vote every that Nevada remind to today Vegas Las to coming for @BernieSanders to Thanks @CatherineForNV: RT stake. at is planet the of future The vote. to out friends your Drag vote. go just Don't equity, pay for fight the in women the with stand will man every know I make. men what of 80% earn women that embarrassing is it 2016 In friends: your tell to this RT then Tuesday, on vote to plan a Make Tuesday:… on vote to plan your make them—and Join voted. already have country the across people of Millions vote: go to where know you sure Make https… him: know to Get 1979. in MU from graduated @timkaine nominee vice-presidential Democratic @TheManeater: RT mind?… in with voting be you will who Tuesday, on ballot your cast and location polling your to go you When muy… es Eso recursos. los de riqueza, la de 2% el tienen solo pero población, la de 17% el son país nuestro en latinos "Los @Hillary_esp: RT https… information. more for to Head Day. Election before vote who Americans of millions the of one Be @JoeBiden: RT Clinton." Hillary job: the do can who president for running person one only sees "@Wired earth. on country major other every virtually behind lag we respects, many in values, family real of terms in clear: be Let’s Poorer Get Poor Richer, Get Rich Report: CBO change. to got has and unacceptable is That US. the in wealth family total of three-quarters owned families of 10% top the 2013, of As money. people's other with things for pay to foundation his uses Trump Pipeline Access Dakota the Halt to Obama President Asked Just Sanders Bernie @MotherJones: RT Pipeline Access Dakota the Halt to Obama President Asked Just Sanders Bernie @MotherJones: RT change.” to going are we world a is "This say, and torch the up pick people young when place takes Progress streets. the on out sleeping veterans have we where year, a $10,000 on live to trying are seniors where country a in live to want don't I here: Watch now. Moines Des in live is Bernie disagree. I Well, taxes. in share fair their pay should families working and class middle the only that thinks Trump Donald deal. big a is That class. middle the for free tuition universities and colleges public make will we finally, America, In college? for pay to income the lack families their because education an getting aren't teachers and engineers scientists, many How w/@Hill… on worked has he plan the on @BernieSanders debt." in dollars 100,000 or 50 school leave to have not should "You @iowademocrats: RT unconstitutional. and unacceptable clearly is customers their on spy to companies Requiring people. American the on spying wholesale prevent to FISA reform significantly must we clear is It —@DispatchAlerts Clinton." Hillary elect to voters urges Dispatch "The Matthew. Hurricane of aftermath the in struggling people help to minute a take Please country. the of history the in platform Democratic progressive most and strongest the write helping is accomplished we things the of One Tr… @BernieSanders country." this across under &amp; years 45 people young of majority overwhelming the won "We @ninaturner: RT taxes. in more pay to asked be should $250,000 than more earning people that understand now Republicans of percent 54 centers. detention and prisons private to end an for call to campaign first the was campaign our that proud was I Ohio! Columbus, in party launch @OurRevolution the at energy the Loving @OurPoliticalRev: RT need We underinsured. are million 38 and uninsured remain Americans million 28 Act, Care Affordable the of gains the Despite cancer. developing and smoking from children its keep to campaign a waged it because Phillip-Morris by sued being is Uruguay Street Wall street—not main on happening what's by doing economy's the how measure should We https://… mother: her about essay inspiring and powerful a with issue BAZAAR's off kicks .@HillaryClinton @harpersbazaarus: RT today: NC in Hillary can’t." Americans of Millions off. days few a take to afford can I weather, the under I’m "When —@Latina history." of dustbin the to dreams presidential his deport &amp; Trump Donald against back fight to time "It’s Hillary endorsing —@SLTrib Clinton." Hillary is doubt, a without choice, best "The b… postmarked is form registration your sure registered—make get to to go FL, in live you If overdoses. drug from dying not jail, in jobs—not decent in or college in up ending are people young that see to be must goal Our it. dismantle Trump let can't @CFPB—and strong a need we why exactly is This Fargo. Wells from behavior Appalling quo. status the change cannot we you tells who anyone believe Don't https://t.… crossing. Oahe on statement impact environmental completes Corps until stop would @SenSanders from Amendment @jmreport: RT https:/… 40% by rains torrential of chances upped shows study rapid NOAA @NOAAResearch: RT affordability. college for fight the in forward step major this on Clinton Secretary with work to able was I America. in drugs life-saving ration to us causing is overreach," "government not greed, Corporate security. for pay we price the be shouldn't privacy to right and liberties civil Our else. everybody of expense the at themselves benefit to country this in people wealthiest the by designed economy, rigged a have We Trump. Donald by led country a in up growing daughter his of idea the with struggling is dad Republican This family. every to promise that keep must We college. to go kids their see they'd parents, as hard worked they if that was dream parents' My Priorities. here: streaming by Her With of episode first the to listen also can You returns: tax his release to refusing be might Trump Donald why Here's poverty. in living be not should week per hours 50 to 40 works who country this in anyone that suggest to idea radical a not is It Hillary: endorsing —@LasVegasSun leader." unshakable tested, a "She’s right!… human a is Healthcare ! say to need we know kids CO Boulder! in rally for up geared Crowd @NationalNurses: RT being. human a being From from? come right that did Where people. all of right a is care health believe to happen I Street. Wall on model business the be to appears still fraud crash, the after years 7 that shown has Fargo Wells … anuncio. nuevo nuestro Vea demás. los por hacemos que lo en encuentra se fuerza verdadera la que cree Hillary @Hillary_esp: RT nostalgic. me makes always time Back-to-school challenges. health mental facing students college-aged 4 in 1 the for resources community better need We it. afford can't they because education higher a forgo to have should America in Nobody Earth. one have only We planet. our pollute that fuels on dependence our increase not fuels, fossil to addiction our break to is job Our -H fight: this fund to Republicans for time It's together. come we when Zika like challenge a confront only can We programs. lunch school reduced or free on are schools public in kids our half over while times, 10 increased has billionaires of number The kids? for care health or schools, military, America's funding not about "smart" What's the entering Muslims on ban a proposed who Trump, —Donald shame." a it's and Islamophobia, about right are "You hands. terrorists' into playing is Trump Islam. with war at not are We terrorism. fight help to want Americans Muslim of majority vast The … now. right website Trump's Donald on still ban Muslim This @TheBriefing2016: RT Americans. Muslim course, of including, place, a has everyone where country a is America for vision Our Iraq. in war the against not was Trump Donald none. have you because plans your us show can’t Donald—you @timkaine: RT https://… hacks. these behind is government Russian the that declaring of step unprecedented the took government US The @TheBriefing2016: RT —@kurteichenwald interest." of conflicts serious raise will makes [Trump] decision policy foreign every "Almost you? to right Sound middle-class. the in millions on taxes raising OK is years 18 for taxes federal pay didn't probably who guy same The economy? the run casino!—to a year—running one in dollars billion a lost who guy the want you Do yourself: Ask Donald. like people and Donald of care takes always Donald h… cut. tax Trump the love You'll wealthy? super the to away money enough give didn't cuts tax Bush the Think @TheBriefing2016: RT "b". a With Billion. cut. tax billion $4 a family own his give would Trump @TheBriefing2016: RT economy. the about right thing one gotten has Trump had. ever they’ve cuts tax biggest the billionaires and him) (like millionaires give would Trump refo… care health for testifying 1993, in Hillary Here's it?" about something do she didn't care—why "Health Trump: … care. health kids get to fighting was Clinton Hillary Trump, Donald Trump Donald While @TheBriefing2016: RT tro… our stiffing him appreciate don't ours like families Star Blue taxes. federal paying not he's that admits basically Trump @timkaine: RT passed? Trump Donald has many How them. on name Clinton's Hillary have legislation of pieces hundred Four b… hard playing was Clinton Hillary hurt. he families the of lawyers the with ball hard playing was Trump Donald 2010s: @TheBriefing2016: RT recap: To @Refinery29: RT otherwise. say him let Don't campaign. his of centerpiece a neighbors our scapegoating and islamophobia made has .@realDonaldTrump famine &amp; war fleeing refugees accept values, our to true stay we sure make will that candidate only the is .@HillaryClinton value. American an not is Hate Trump: Donald Tell @HillaryClinton: RT un-American. just That’s taxes. paying without years 20 nearly gone have might Donald troops. our stiffing him appreciate don't ours like families Star Blue taxes. federal paying not he's that admits basically Trump reform.… care health for testifying 1993, in Hillary Here's it?" about something do she didn't care—why "Health Trump: @HillaryClinton: RT too. register, to know you everyone ask and vote, to registered Get this: of part a Be us. hurt they and dangerous, are words His security. national to comes it when about talking he’s what know doesn’t Trump that just not It’s economy: our for disaster a that's why Here's —@realDonaldTrump do." I folks, do, to going I'm say I "Everything … him for vote won't they for, stands Johnson Gary what at look' hard a 'take supporters my If Sanders: Bernie @YahooNews: RT prosecuted. been has executive major one not somehow yet, and fines, in dollars of billions of hundred paid have firms Street Wall fir… the electing We're guys. this, doing really We're . tweeting live hours 3 last the for crying been I've @kendallybrown: RT an… is 61 Prop medication. their afford can't they because dying are people profits, huge make companies drug While campaign: his runs them of one Now politics. in voices extreme most the of some of support the boasts Trump https:/… confirmed. and registered, everyone get and link this RT November? in Trump defeat help to part small a do to Want @GeorgeTakei: RT rig… voting universal for fighter decades-long a was Hamer Lou Fannie activist rights civil today, ago years 99 Born Hillary… on —@NYTimes courage." and toughness experience, intellect, her for respect in rooted is endorsement "Our today: is she person the become to Hillary inspired who women three Meet Commander-in-Chief. be to takes it what has Trump Donald believe they said has president living one Not thanks. our and respect our deserve They fathom. even can't us of most sacrifices made have families Star Gold president. be to fit not he's evidence best the are words own Trump's again, Once @TheBriefing2016: RT … president for .@HillaryClinton backing they're why know to you want parents Star Gold hero's war This @MilitaryTimes: RT life: daily your in you help would policies Hillary's ways 7 sacrifices. their disparage and disrespect doesn't who president a deserve families their and veterans Our endorsement.”… our earns easily she and office, the for run to ever people qualified most the of one is "[Hillary] president: being of responsibility the for ready not is Trump - there been have who those from it Take @JoeBiden: RT @nytopinion via why. Here's president. be not should Trump Donald says Board Editorial NYT The @nytimes: RT States. United the of behalf on decisions death or life making Room Situation the in sitting Trump Donald Imagine message. clear world—a the Trump—and Donald send Let's fi… to recommit Let's history. of course the changing School, High Central integrated students brave 9 ago, years 59 -H deserve. you benefits &amp; care the you get to fight will I you. Thank mind. my on heavier weigh families Star Gold of sacrifices the Today, heal. can't we divide no and solve can't we problem no there's together, come we When tonight. back Hillary's got you've if this RT people. American the to lying by debate tonight's win can't Trump Trump. Donald endorsed has president living single a Not better. deserve daughters Our takes. it what has candidate one Only wisdom. and compassion, maturity, takes job This @timkaine: RT —@NYTimes promises." false and bluster bigotry, in dwells who man a is Trump "Donald debate. tonight's into heading reminder A facts. the to accountable held he's sure make to @TheBriefing2016 Follow time. first the for Trump debate will Hillary Tonight, debate: tonight's watching before know to need you Everything vote. protest a for time the not is history in moment this - debt student change, climate inequality, income - face we crises the Given t… He Trump? Donald system. energy our transform to plan strong a has @HillaryClinton change climate of issue the On mu… wealthiest the knows @HillaryClinton 1%. top the to breaks tax in dollars of billions give to wants Trump Donald racism. and discrimination of tired and sick are generation, other any than more people, Younger it. in them keep not poverty, of out worker a lift to enough pay job time full a that demand to reasonable is it think I poverty? in families and children of millions the on backs our turn we when values, family and morality about talk politicians can How all. it want who top on handful a by controlled be to it allow cannot We us. of all to belongs country, great this country, This long. too far on gone has crisis This Flint. to back water clean bring to responsibility moral a have We today. them with is heart My unbearable. nearly it's through, go families Star Gold pain the about think I When takes. it what has candidate one Only wisdom. and compassion, maturity, takes job This … en hoy nosotros para exclusiva en y vivo en harmonica la toca @timkaine senador El @despiertamerica: RT https://t.… padres sus a proteja que y @Hillary_esp por rezando migratoria reforma la por afectados Niños @Astrid_NV: RT that: do to policies the have we change––and we lives of number the by measured is success our know I and Hillary OK!” "Whew, back. going not We're November: in message a Trump Donald send Let's what… Imagine expense. your at rich gotten who's failure business a he's confirm returns tax Trump's of pages Three action. to call a it’s — slogan a than more is Together” “Stronger it. doing living good a make and trade, a practice skill, a learn to able be should You war. that of consequences unintended the comprehend to easy so not It countries. other on war declare to easy is It https://t… Texas. Houston, en —@TimKaine inmigrantes" a insulta Trump mientras migratoria reforma la apoyamos yo y "Hillary @Hillary_esp: RT win to just say will @realDonaldTrump what Outrageous opponents. their jail who type the are dictators and Fascists -H divides. bridge to work &amp; justice ensure must We delay. without shooting Scott Lamont Keith the of video police release should Charlotte fourth third, second, the And time. first the clear and loud immigrants on comments demonizing Trump's heard We Hampshire New in Trump Donald on —@BernieSanders bigotry." is campaign his of essence "The issue. American an is It issue. conservative or progressive a not is reform finance campaign real for need The together. Stronger —@FLOTUS:… alternative.” the given particularly opportunity, this squander to afford cannot “We —Hillary unacceptable." totally just That’s makes. man white a dollar every for cents 55 make still "Latinas you: save would plan Hillary's money much how See college? for Planning debt? student Have … military the in assault sexual about tweet 2013 horrible his behind stands "absolutely" Trump Donald @nowthisnews: RT you: from hear to want We family? your and you impacted this has How up? go medicine your of price the seen you Have election: November our of results the accept he'll whether acknowledge to refusal Donald's on thoughts My Gettysburg. in today argument closing Trump's to response HFA @creynoldsnc: RT presidency: his under like look might it what Here’s Rights. of Bill the of view unique a has Trump Donald @BernieSand… needs basic their meet to just jobs 3 or 2 working are Bennington in people when wrong profoundly is Something @SueMinterVT: RT i… it important how about reminder great A . at out turned and performed who everyone to Grateful Trump. vs. Hillary under fare would state your how See clear: pretty is jobs on choice The in. it rein to order in justice for up standing us of all take will it and country, this on scourge a is greed Corporate … now: @NikkiTalley with Asheville in performance @TimKaine's Watch harmonica? on Wheel Wagon hear to Want @HillaryforNC: RT -H hate. of face the in kindness and empathy showing for Hospital Florida and Health Orlando the to you Thank suppression. voter end to have we why That's them. for decisions make to gets class billionaire the vote, don't poor the and young the When us. behind are days best America’s you tell anybody let Don’t citizenship. towards path a need we and reform, immigration comprehensive need We undocumented. the to status legal provide must We @OfficialCBC: the to speak Hillary watch to now in Tune —Hillary families." for fairness and children for opportunities on career…focused my began I way the campaign my close to going "I’m that. understand doesn’t who someone of hands the into fall legacy @POTUS's let can’t We paranoia. not Plans, insults. not ideas, need We generations. future for behind leave to want we what and be to want we country of kind what about is election this said, @FLOTUS As in: Tune everyone. for works that economy an build to vision her on Carolina North in speaking Hillary’s debt. any on taking without college from graduate to able be should student Every live: Watch Carolina. North in —Hillary trail.” campaign the on back be to great "It’s backup. no There’s own. their on they’re sick, get they if dads, and moms of millions For —Hillary better.” the for world our changing of dream who you of many so like people young for running "I’m Turner. Janelle like people hand, helping a need and things hard do to trying are who people for running Hillary’s —Hillary can." we people the all for can we good the all do to called each we’re that faith Methodist my and family my from learned "I weapons." nuclear fewer and enemies, fewer friends, more allies, strong with world a means safer a kids our give to want "I lifetimes. our in any as high as are election this in stakes The —Hillary families." for fairness and kids for opportunities on my began I way the campaign my close to going "I’m do.” to going you’re what say should you president, for running you’re if that notion old-fashioned this have “I —Hillary quitting.” of me accuses ever nobody But that. seen probably things—you’ve of kinds all of me accuse "People kids. the with home stay ever mothers only and leave paid deserve people married only thinks who president a need don’t We lives. their of years four next the for children our shape to power the have will who about is election this in choice the said, @FLOTUS As —Hillary nation." one as together come we when do can’t we nothing There’s wrong. all America has opponent "My here: RSVP Congress. in Teachout Zephyr like people needs revolution political Our poverty: of out children with families lift help to plan new a introduced just Hillary -H fast. easy an and day meaningful a you Wishing . celebrating those to tova chatima G’mar @HillaryClinton: RT economy. entire our of collapse near the causing for prosecuted be executive Street Wall major single a seen haven't I wages? starvation for working people of millions got we’ve — world the of history the in country wealthiest the — country this in it is Why America in girls to message —@TimKaine’s anything.” do can you States, United the of president be can you “If —Hillary vote.” and out get to can you everybody convince and days 17 next the in together come to going "We’re Pittsburgh in —Hillary you.” help to can I everything do to America, in kids the of all for president be to want really "I —Hillary down.” top the not up, bottom the and out middle the from class middle the grow to going “We’re —Hillary disagreeable.” being without disagree can we believe I not, or me for vote you whether me, with disagree or agree you "Whether … ourselves. better it said have couldn't We @timkaine - themselves?" for choice this make to women trust you don't "Why @PPact: RT it." after going and want you what knowing with wrong nothing "There's everywhere: girls to advice Hillary's country. this of future the determine help can you so died, and fought People sport. spectator a not is Democracy right. a as people its all to care health guaranteeing in Earth on country major other every join must America of States United The … at minutes in Register 11:59 at Friday through extended in registration Voter BREAKING: @HillaryforVA: RT debate night’s last talk to @sidewireinc on now @brikeilarcnn Joining campaign. his of cornerstone the bigotry made has Trump Sadly, up. us divide not together, us bring to is president next the of job The country. the running business no have you deplorable, is KKK the say won’t you If Hillary. endorsed has election general the in candidate presidential a endorsed has that newspaper every Almost 2004 March Trump, —Donald Republicans." the than Democrats the under better does economy the that seems just "It everything. much Pretty voters? from hiding Trump Donald is exactly what So https:/… inmigrantes. familias por abogando Senado, del historia la en español en discurso primer el dio @TimKaine 2013, En @Hillary_esp: RT Interview ‘Nation’ The Sanders: Bernie @thenation: RT Philadelphia: in —Hillary team." our of proud am I for. stands country this what world the showing is “@TeamUSA president. next our become @realDonaldTrump let can't We November this @realDonaldTrump against vote to going are Catholics how about write I and @jimrosapepe Sen. friend My change climate &amp; inequality fighting refugees, welcoming support most bc votes Catholic win wont .@realDonaldTrump energy. renewable on leader global a be to chance its missing is The country. other any than faster power wind producing is China him. support not will they for, stands Johnson Gary what at look hard a take me for voted who people the of any If w… always I way the me at looks "She 1994: in back Hillary befriending disability—and a with living about talks Ryan @chancetherapper. Thanks, vote. the suppress to trying legislatures and governors Republican cowardly about not is Democracy Ebeling: Betsy friend, lifelong Hillary's with interview An things." great for destined was she that then knew "I "strong" aren't PTSD from suffer who soldiers that suggests Trump @BuzzFeedNews: RT Americ… all for POTUS a be she'll why showed and high went @HillaryClinton high. go we low, go they when says, Michelle like Just @POTUS: RT this—together. win go let’s and 47246 to JOIN Text lose. to minute a have don’t we and left days 54 Just temperament." "winning a has he says Trump Donald When thing: this win go let's and now in Chip president. be to ready who's candidate only the she's proved just Hillary tonight. Hillary with standing be to proud you're if this RT usted! con Estoy grande! hacen la diferencias nuestras y mujeres las a respeto su @HillaryClinton señora Gracias @machadooficial: RT Day. Election to way the all team her on you're Hillary tell to 47246 to IMWITHHER Text vote:… to registered you're sure Make gets. it as real as show—it's reality a isn't presidency The House. White the hers: in her put let's Now place. his in @realDonaldTrump put She nails. as tough is .@HillaryClinton vote. to Register president. next the become not does Trump Donald sure make to can I as hard as work to going am I campaign: this of stretch home the for back her have you her show to in Chip tonight. Hillary of prouder be Couldn't equality. to closer bit little a country this move to fight the to commit and day each up wake to have We him. picked Trump wonder No extremist. anti-worker anti-LGBT, anti-woman, divisive, a Pence: Mike insults. issues—not about is campaign our Trump's, Donald Unlike heroin. like drug killer a not it's knows everyone but marijuana, of minuses and pluses the about argue can People trail. campaign the on out experience and talent Anne's with someone have to lucky more be couldn't We ever? than poverty in living people more have but billionaires and millionaires in increase huge a see to nation a as comfortable we Are —@KingJames need." we that unity and hope of message the on running is "Hillary #… it. use must we and sacred, almost precious, is vote to right The vote? to registered you Are friends. my Monday, Happy @repjohnlewis: RT stamps. food like programs taxpayer-funded to forced are workers their low so wages pay but USA the in family wealthiest the are Waltons The women: about said has Trump Donald things terrible the all of list (non-exhaustive) A country. this in future their at look girls little way the change forever can we days, 16 just In hiding. he's what us show and returns tax his release should Donald why reason more the all is this like story A now. ridiculous seem can that barriers down took and faced women that ago long so wasn't It election. this of outcome the on depends worse, situation bad a make or change climate of crisis the address boldly we Whether —Hillary there.” get us help you of all if is future unifying optimistic, positive, that have can we way only “The —Hillary hate!” trumps love that prove and out go "Let’s @FortuneMagazine via works who mom a being from learned I What Clinton: Hillary @ninhaitseng: RT ISIS. combat to plan real a release to refuses Trump Donald reason a there's Maybe money. the lacks family their reason: one for that do to unable are education higher a get to desire burning a with people young many Too -H Tim. 'em, get Go tonight. same the do he'll doubt no have I so families, working for fighting life whole his spent .@TimKaine's 21 mate: running his Pence, Mike of support in tweeted has Trump times of Number 65 @Rosie: at tweeted has Trump times of Number (1/2) war of scars with home come who Veterans combat of strength the question @realDonaldTrump dare How (2/2) Veterans? combat &amp; 's of valor the questions yet and taxes pay doesn't served, hasn't He State… United the of history modern the in president for candidate worst the badly, defeat and defeat, to is job Our '… get Go tonight. same the do he'll doubt no have I so families, working for fighting life whole his spent .@TimKaine's @HillaryClinton: RT ET. 9pm at watch to in Tune . your to parents your invite to old too never You're htt… Gold. wresting win to woman American 1st becoming on Rockville of @Helen_Maroulis own Maryland’s to Congratulations @VanHollenForMD: RT everyo… for leave sick paid guarantee to Congress for time past It’s administration. Obama the by forward step Great everywhere: women young to Hillary from message A off: us ripping are Pharma Big and companies drug how on story Snapchat latest our out Check drugs. prescription for world the in prices highest the far by pay to continue won't we that industry pharmaceutical the tell to is job Our government. the control and own to want also They enough. not is economy our controlling and owning 1%, top the in many for Apparently paid… families working of millions of tens decades—while two nearly for taxes paying avoid to got "apparently Trump dollars tax everyone's of charge in he's if Imagine taxes. pay doesnt &amp; money ppls other spends who businessman phony a is .@realDonaldTrump years. 18 last the in has @realDonaldTrump than taxes more paid have - debt college of mountain a with - I and wife My years: 18 for taxes in $0 paid who guy a from coming rich pretty that's Now --&gt; vote to Register same. the do to the for idea radical a not is really It world. the around countries of dozens in reality a is care health Universal … blacks. to housing denying of history father's his and Trump Donald into deep digs NYT The today: read must A @Yamiche: RT —@NyleDiMarco hear." to nothing muted—there's ad this leave can "You Con… the buy to able be not should Adelson Sheldon like People mean. I what is this oligarchy about talk I When -H poverty. in live to have should full-time works who one No families. working to blow a is increase wage minimum a vetoing .@GovChristie, system. care health progressive more a for time It's Medicare-for-All. needs country This period. unacceptable, totally is origin of country their of because people of group one at slurs throwing be to politician any For wh… by measured It's skyscrapers. our of height the or accounts bank our of size the by measured isn't success Our regístrat… y en voz tu Alza vidas. nuestras de importantes más elecciones las de una es Esta →… —@SalmaHayek community." mighty a are we that prove can We poderosa. comunidad una somos que demostrar "Podemos S… to. told you're if evacuate and instructions emergency follow to everyone urge I storm. major a is Hurricane @HillaryClinton: RT people. American the for choices fewer and prices higher mean would deal This merger. Warner-AT&amp;T Time the kill should administration The easier. it make to determined are I and Hillary care. child for pay to struggling still are families many Too : 🎧 here Listen Her. With of 3 episode in trail the on life and criticism, handling books, favorite chats Hillary fail. he'd test a It's immigrants. for test new a create he'll says Trump Donald Period. movement. birther racist the led who man the be not will and cannot successor Obama’s President letter: his Read friend. best mom's his as senator—but or state, of secretary lady, first as Hillary—not knows Colin interview. the watch to now MSNBC to in Tune panel. @Morning_Joe the joins Sanders Bernie Senator NEXT: @MSNBC: RT … yet. interview memorable most her for Galifianakis Zach with Ferns Two Between down sits .@HillaryClinton @funnyordie: RT launch: Revolution Our the for now right LIVE in Tune event! launch the watch to link the Follow live! We're @OurRevolution: RT down. on top the not up, on bottom the from place takes always change real times, million a said have I As change. demand must We heart. my of bottom the from in believe I what and for fight always will I process of kind the That’s Congress. of session lame-duck the during Partnership Trans-Pacific job-killing the on vote not must Congress → debate night's last since stop first her for Hillary Join Day. Election until left days 29 Just debate night’s last on —Hillary low!” went us of one and high went us of one Obama, Michelle friend my paraphrase "To —Hillary apologizing.” been have should he when attacking time his spent Trump Donald night, “Last diversity. our celebrate and up, other each lift other, each respect should we and to taught are we America, in Here projects. construction his for steel American buying by start should he again, great America make to wants Trump If Katie! Congrats, proud! us making Marylander amazing Another States: United the of president for @HillaryClinton endorses Vogue @voguemagazine: RT valores. nuestros con acuerdo de votar y participar de responsabilidad una Tenemos ties. foreign taxes, on Trump hits Kaine @AP_Politics: RT https… Watch: election! this in stake at what’s about Cleveland in rally our at speaks @POTUS NOW: HAPPENING @HillaryforOH: RT Ohio in —@POTUS " to on started voting Early now. right early vote go can "You —@POTUS job.” this for run ever to candidates experienced most best-prepared, toughest, smartest, the of one is "Hillary Hillary on —@POTUS shake.” fair a gets everybody sure make to day every fighting you, for arena the in "She's Hillary on —@POTUS Commander-in-Chief.” next the be to temperament the and experience and knowledge the got “She's Trump on —@POTUS skin.” his under got who somebody at insults tweeting he’s because it’s but 3am, at up be may "He on. go must fight our no, But, now. by equal be truly to Americans all for progress enough made have country a as we that say could I wish I will: we And access. internet high-speed has American every sure make to need We vote. millennial the command can Democrats how on joins @SenSanders Tomorrow: @FaceTheNation: RT privilege. a not right, a as all to care health guaranteed and earth on country major other every joined we time past It's him? tell to going Who's the to admittance for test own his fail would Trump Donald funding. the lacks family their because only college to go to unable are people young bright of thousands that comprehension my beyond is It trail! the on her have to lucky We're side. my by Anne with election an lost never I've against. stand and up rise must we that greed of kind the exactly is Fargo Wells at behavior outrageous The … president. for @HillaryClinton for vote and place polling your to walk, don't Run, endorses: .@GlobeOpinion @GlobeOpinion: RT doesn’t. it sure make Let's college. to going from back people hold shouldn't Debt inequality. that protects which structure power a but inequality, income and wealth massive have only not we that remember to important It's -H intolerance. and bigotry to up standing and diversity rich country's our celebrating by Month Heritage Hispanic of start the mark Let's work. and family, trabajo—faith, y familia fe, values strongly so that community a honoring by Month Heritage Hispanic celebrate to Proud score. kept we to lies many too almost were There @TheBriefing2016: RT Trump to —Hillary years." 30 your with experience of years 30 my compare to happy "I'm staggering. it’s ignorant so is This words. no are There @mayaharris_: RT want. people the what it's do, to thing right the only not It's hour. an $15 to wage minimum the raising support Americans of majority A that? quantify to begin even you do How people. million 16 deport he'd says Trump Donald honors. highest our earned They've follow. to others for trail a blazed and country our served Elaine like Women fail.’ to big ‘too were they when out them bailed we when were they than bigger are today banks American largest 4 the of our 3 all. for and once pipeline, Access Dakota the stop must we Now win. we together, stand people When education. your get to money lending of off money making government federal the end to going are We codes. nuclear the had he if imagine tantrum, temper a throws Trump Donald time next The smile. a with it did he Maybe Putin. for support and admiration deep his about talk to chose Trump night, Last Exchanges ACA Leave to Decision and Fee Break-up Billion-Dollar Aetna's Question Senators NEWS: inhabit. will children our planet of type the for fight a is It consequence. long-term have like Fights them. with stand to proud we're why That's it. knows @PPFA and it knows Hillary @HFA: RT https://… juntos. Continuemos miedo. sin vivir a indocumentados jóvenes mil 700 de más a ayudado ha DACA años, 4 hace Desde @Hillary_esp: RT president: becomes never Trump Donald sure make help to in Chip people. our of millions incarcerate to paying of instead education and jobs into money more put let’s – idea crazy a Here’s … not. is he proved Trump Donald and — President be to ready is she proved @HillaryClinton Tonight, @JoeBiden: RT it. with struggling are who those support should We failing. moral a disease—not a is Addiction @SenSanders and @SpeakerRyan @timkaine, @mike_pence, SUNDAY: @FaceTheNation: RT oligarchy. about talk I when mean I what is This PACs. super to million $500 than more given have donors 62 only alone, election this In bills. his paying still it's 2008—but since Foundation Trump the to money own his given hasn't Donald 1979. in did they than whites to compared less even earn today Americans Black 1992. in back different little a was president for Running Trump Donald on —@JoeBiden clue.” a have doesn’t He it. understand doesn’t middle the about care doesn’t guy “This —@JoeBiden country.” great this lead to takes it what clue no has Trump "Donald —@JoeBiden un-American.” very they’re and dangerous they’re wrong, profoundly only not are ideas "Trump’s rhetoric policy foreign Trump’s on —@JoeBiden propaganda.” their and terrorists of hands the into playing for recipe a "It’s —@JoeBiden world." the in place America’s about understand doesn’t she that nothing There’s admired. She’s respected. She’s strong. “She’s Biden -VP America." of States United the against bet to bet good a been ever never never, never, is "It @JoeBiden: RT … Info: Ticket @PramilaJayapal! for rally Vote The Out Get a headline to Seattle to coming is @BernieSanders @PramilaJayapal: RT you: near one Find tonight. country the across Revolution Our for events launch 2,600 over have We discrimination. against progress make can’t we mean doesn’t that but country, this in well and alive unfortunately are prejudice and Racism Hillary. for vote to not you like really would collector debt student Your days. 39 @timkaine: RT otherwise. say words and actions His women. for respect" "great has he said Trump Donald norm: the be should leave Paid did. I and Anne like kids raise to off time take to flexibility the has everyone Not thi… Ohio win Hillary help to going are students college because tonight, supporters of sea a is @OhioState Oval South The @HillaryforOH: RT University. State Ohio The of campus the on .@HillaryClinton @dougmillsnyt: RT not. would bill Senate current The foods. GMO of labeling mandatory the require world the around countries other 64 workers. American for disaster a are but corporation, major a of CEO are you if great are America corporate by pushed agreements trade The consumers. many for inaccessible entirely be may information the and consumers, to confusing intentionally is This right. that protect must Congress children. their feed and eat they food the in what's know to right a have People here. priority the aren't Consumers bill. anti-GMO the support Institute Meat American North and Association Manufacturers Grocery the Mars, children. their with time leisure spend can parents so time vacation guaranteed and leave family paid time, sick paid are values family Real labeling. GMO support won’t Congress why mystery a not It’s cycle. election this contributions campaign in million $52 spent Agribusiness here: Watch now. bill labeling GMO Senate the about speaking Sanders Sen. idea? radical a such really it is GMOs, of labeling require already countries 64 If fall. didn't sky the what, guess and, GMOs labeling already are country the over all Companies eating. they’re what know consumers sure make to nothing does It unenforceable. and misleading confusing, is bill GMO Stabenow-Roberts The corporations. wealthy just not majority, enormous this represent should Congress labeled. be should GMOs think consumers of 92% consumers. from information hiding of business the in be not should Senate The @SenatorTester: RT … state CT's undermine would that bill federal a opposing I'm why That's food. their in what's know to deserve Families @ChrisMurphyCT: RT here: response my find can You .@SenateAgDems package. the on labels GMO clear requires Vermont that good it's why know you now code, QR the read can't you If @SenPatRoberts cc: … consumers for confusing more things makes actually but transparency, of illusion the creates bill Senate @TulsiPress: RT GMOs? contains product which photos these from tell you Can planet. our save to needed is action bold that and situation crisis a in are we that acknowledge to courage the up summon to have We generation. every by fought be must that struggle a is It year. a or day, a of struggle the not is rights our for struggle The that. say to need still we believe can’t I income. or sexuality religion, gender, race, your on depend don’t rights constitutional Your pass. not should and flawed deeply is bill Stabenow-Roberts The agrees: Times York New The food. their in what's know don't people ensure to MILLION $400 nearly spent labeling GMO to Opponents REMINDER: unacceptable. That's police. the with encounters during force of use the experience to likely as times four almost are African-Americans Senate the in bill derail to push final launches .@SenSanders @nealgoswami: RT reader? code QR the downloading Trouble ago. hours 24 than more sent was tweet This .@SenThomTillis here: Watch bill. "labeling" GMO terrible this stop to colleagues my urge to now floor Senate the to down Heading happened. what exactly That’s what? know You interests. corporate their further will that influence buy can money their thinks Monsanto Association. Manufacturers Grocery the and Monsanto by for paid and bought was bill "labeling" GMO Stabenow-Roberts The food. their in is what about information basic get to order in smartphone a need not should People https://t.… patients. cholesterol for costs lower to Crestor generic approve to FDA urges .@SenSanders @statnews: RT Justice. of Department the with investigation immediate an trigger should that shooting, related police a is there If kinds. all of violence against stand nation a as must We despicable. and horrifying is night last Dallas in officers police on attack The quickly. very fire catches it idea, an of justice the see people when But radical. too considered was wage minimum $15 a ago, years Five workers. American of millions representing union, every practically by opposed are that agreements trade passing be not should We be. to have not does That quo. status the change can’t we think to taught are We small. think to taught are we ways, different thousand a In endure. many so racism structural the address simultaneously must we country, this in inequality income of levels grotesque attack we While make? parents their money much how of because college attending from people young bright discourage literally to us for it is insane How that? accept we do How percent. 99 bottom the of whole the than wealth more owns now percent 1 top The simple. and plain – bribery legalized than less nothing is United Citizens disgrace. a That's 2016. It's change. climate of reality the recognize to refuse still politicians Some people! 62 people. billion around — population world’s the of half bottom the as wealth much as own people 62 people. one as together stand we when nation, stronger a nation, greater a becomes America us. dividing in successful be will one No on. go must fight our no, But, now. by equal be truly to Americans all for progress enough made have country a as we that say could I wish I else. everyone on impact an has everyone we is about is life human what believe I but vulnerable, the on backs our turn to easy seem can It community. American Native the and Government the between relationship the change fundamentally to need We trade. fair to move and policies trade” “free our reject fundamentally to need we that clear is It https://… opposition. their reflect should . the opposed @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders Both @DFAaction: RT TPP the to opposed is group environmental major every Virtually @People4Bernie: RT vote. a to brought be never should it fact, In Congress. on vote a for "fast-tracked" be not should agreement trade disastrous A https://t… here TPP the oppose to committee platform the Urge Platform. @TheDemocrats in be must TPP to Opposition @CWAUnion: RT here: the oppose officially to Committee Platform Party Democratic the Urge @citizenstrade: RT regulations. curb to polluters enable not generations, future our for environment the protecting on focus must officials Elected factories. of thousands of tens down shut and jobs of millions outsource that deals trade free unfettered more need don't We https://… disastrous. were PNTR and CAFTA, NAFTA, mistakes. its from learn to needs government American The @OurPoliticalRev: RT TPP. the on vote a holding to opposition in record on go must .@TheDemocrats … the in petition! this -sign the &amp; health our workers, of sake the For @RoseAnnDeMoro: RT to need we reason one just is Fracking @greenpeaceusa: RT : to committee the Tell sense! makes just It @WorkingFamilies: RT governments. national their to taxes in trillions paying avoid corporations large which in scandal international the end to need We 1973. in did he than LESS dollars $726 making is today America in worker male median the productivity, in increases major Despite labeling. GMO require to states allow must We them. feeding they're what know to right a have they children, their for food buy parents When lives. people's to do debt student and college of costs high the what again over and over heard I country, the throughout traveled I As debt. loan student crippling with school graduating means it others, For all. at college to going not means it some, For education. higher of financing the for forth brought just has she initiative bold very the for @HillaryClinton applaud I food. GMO of labeling the for calls that states by passed legislation overturn to dollars of millions spending is Monsanto senators. your call to 82623 to GMO Text bill. outrageous this reject and industry food multi-national the to up stand must Congress @CNN discuss. to lots have We hour. ET 1PM during today live me joins @BernieSanders Senator @wolfblitzer: RT it. oppose to 82623 to GMO Text today. legislation Monsanto-backed of piece bad very a on voting is Senate The parents. their than living of standard lower a have probably will generation younger our history, modern in time first the perhaps For investigation. DOJ a trigger automatically should it custody, police in while killed is somebody When elections buy to people of ability the equal not does speech Free all. to care health universal provide not does that earth on country major only the is The STOP. MUST. IT. and color of people for occurrence common too all an become has Castile Philando and Sterling Alton killed that violence The police. the with encounters during force of use the experience to likely as times four almost are African-Americans Today shot. or harassed get they'll whether about worrying without street the down walk can people that so reform justice criminal real need We color." of people targeting officers police our of enough is "Enough proclaimed: Gilliard Wendell Rep. Carolina South As platform? the in this isn't why Congress, of floor the to get not should TPP the that agree I and Clinton both If America. of States United the can So what? know you then right, a as care health have can country major other every if that think of kind I to need we why on @SenWarren video: new WATCH MUST @CREDOMobile: RT tomorrow! Committee Platform Democratic the to delivered be to TPP the opposing petition the sign to chance Last 1990! IN Donald to given coverage media corporate of amount obscene the about talking Bernie to petitions. the signed who 700,000 the to you Thank TPP. the to opposed are Democrats of majority The bankrupt. going about worry not and to need they when doctor a see to able be will American every all, for care health guarantee we When banks. too-big-to-fail up breaking and Act Glass-Steagall 21st-century a enacting for calls platform Democratic Our conseguirlo: para luchando continuar a vamos y queremos, que lo es Esto it. about talk to refuse media corporate the and process political our controlling now is billionaires of handful a that acceptable not It's kinds. all of violence against stand nation a as must We despicable. and horrifying is night last Dallas in officers police on attack The economy. productive a creating of part is that system banking a need We all. for care health guarantee and Truman and FDR of legacies the fulfill to States United the of president Democratic next the to up It's care. health to entitled is American every that sure make to idea radical a not is it world, the of history the in country richest the In wrong. proven been they've again, over and Over jobs. increase would trade free unfettered that us tell They calls: Make @Tim_Canova. and @PramilaJayapal revolution: political the continue to help your need candidates Two country. this in Latinos four every of out one nearly is This poverty. in living Latinos million 12 than more have we shamefully, Today, trade. fair to move and policies trade” “free our reject fundamentally to need we that clear is It agreement trade opposing petition Sanders' sign 700,000 IN: JUST @thehill: RT law. the it make let's Now Party. Democratic the of cornerstone a is it Today, radical. considered was $15 for fight the ago, years few A passed. amendment this getting and Committee Platform Democratic the at leadership your for @NinaTurner you Thank does. earth on country major other every what right, a as all for care health guarantee to is America in reform care health of goal The Americans. of millions to access care health and insurance health expanding toward step important an is @HillaryClinton by proposal Today's steps. important are years 55 at in opt to people allowing by Medicare expand to and choice public-option a Americans give to Efforts care. health affordable quality, to access has America in everyone when day the to closer us get will steps these Together https://t.… up Heating meeting. platform Democratic to signatures anti 700,000 delivering currently delegates Sanders @billmckibben: RT failed. have agreements trade our that understand to economics in degree a need don't You … leaders. be let’s – bureaucrats be not Let’s TPP. the against is @BernieSanders TPP. the against is .@HillaryClinton @BenJealous: RT ideas. their on based people elect to right the have should we democracy, a In auctions. be not should Elections Philly: to them get Help attend. to expensive too it's many for but delegates, convention 1,900 almost earned We've marijuana. on ban federal the end to time It's … today. of issues important most the of one is that knows .@PramilaJayapal @DFAaction: RT law. becoming hour an $15 of wage living this to forward Looking wage. starvation a is wage min. federal current The e… for @BernieSanders to grateful so And policy. climate shift to begun have people of Millions win. you organize you When @billmckibben: RT in: Chip it. afford can't delegates our of many but away, weeks couple a only is Convention Democratic The Kennedy F. John - mankind.” to end an put will war or war, to end an put must "Mankind percent. 1 top the to goes income new all of percent 58 and wages, lower for hours longer works person average the when rigged is system The yesterday. party the of history the in change climate combat to plan aggressive most the to agreed Democrats you! Thank Party. Democratic the of history the in platform progressive most the have we country, the across people of millions to Thanks beginning. just is fight the issues, important advancing progress great made have we While millions? harmed behavior illegal whose execs Street Wall to happens nothing but marijuana possessing for jailed are kids that it is Why Street. Wall on model business The Fraud™ is. what know don't I rigged, ain't that If regulating. of charge in is it bankers very the by hijacked been has Reserve Federal The Philly: to them get help and delegates our with Stand accomplish. cannot we nothing is there together, stand we When economy. global and the destroyed nearly behavior illegal their 2008, In power. extraordinary have Street Wall on people of handful A guns. and tanks planes, on spend we dollars of billions the than more far is it and great, is war of cost The @NinaTurner – promise.” its as good as America an creating of beginning the is wage minimum federal the "Raising bars. behind people more putting from profit to allowed be should view, my in one, No change. to going are we together, That, taxes. corporate in nickel a pay not do corporations while street the on out sleep Children people. million some — prisoners its of quarter a about incarcerate we yet population, world’s the of percent 5 than less has The beginning. just is fight The reality. becomes but pages, platform's the on end not does progress that ensure must We president. be to takes it everything has Hillary why about talks @POTUS interview, new a In know." don't "I Trump: [votes]?" supremacists' don't you that say and Duke David condemn you "Will Q: … Charlotte in afternoon this @POTUS and @HillaryClinton from hear to house full a already It's @HillaryforNC: RT Watch: campaign. this in time first the for Hillary with trail the hits @POTUS Charlotte: from Live @POTUS on —Hillary Hawaii." It’s tweeting: there out you’re if Donald, And from. came he where forgotten never has who "Someone —Hillary elections." winning about two or thing a knows He campaign. this in support @POTUS’s have to much so means "It —Hillary did.” he what exactly that’s Depression—and Great second a from us save to was job Obama’s "President —Hillary more." 75 see to us want I growth. job of months straight 75 had we’ve @JoeBiden, and @POTUS "Under —Hillary debt." student existing with struggling people of millions help for debt-free college make to going "We’re instead. employees with profits share that ones the reward and overseas, profits and jobs ship that companies on down crack to going We’re it. stop to going we’re and secretaries, their than rate tax lower a pay can millionaires some that wrong It’s too. updated, be pay—to equal to leave paid policies—from our for time It's century. 21st the in changed have workplaces and families Our —Hillary purpose." common and ground common for reaches faced—still he’s obstruction of spite who—in someone see I @POTUS, at look I "When —Hillary strong." and safe us keep to how knows who president a is This world. entire the but country our just not statesman—leading a "He’s —Hillary Commander-in-Chief." our be to unfit Trump Donald and says, president a word every on hangs world "The —Hillary walls." not bridges, build We up. other each lift we down, other each tear don’t we America, "In —Hillary go!” to ready and up fired we’re but you, about know don’t “I —@POTUS States." United the of President next the as her elect help to you want I Clinton. Hillary in believe I because today here "I'm Hillary on —@POTUS her." to personal was It injustice. experienced who's anybody for feels she that passion the saw "I —@POTUS rewarded." been always has Clinton Hillary in faith my you, tell me "Let —@POTUS off." are cameras the when others treat they How somebody. judge you how 's with everybody treated she how saw "I Hillary on —@POTUS quit." won't she How down. back won't she How her. on count can you how saw "I —@POTUS truth." the That's Clinton. Hillary than office this for qualified more woman or man any been never has "There —@POTUS you." offer to nothing got side's other working for out look to going who's is concern your "If Hillary on —@POTUS Commander-in-Chief." be to takes it what knows She world. the around proud us makes who stateswoman a be will "She policies dangerous Trump’s Donald on —@POTUS vote.” to need You help. doesn’t Booing vote! boo, "Don’t —@POTUS happen.” progress real and change real how That’s … true. is Hillary steady. is Hillary is, fact "The Obama. Thanks, Charlotte: in trail the on account Instagram Hillary's over takes @POTUS as along Follow go. to Ready up. Fired 2016 of stop campaign first his at —@POTUS Clinton." Hillary in believe I because today here "I'm Unidos”—Obama. Estados los de Presidenta próxima nuestra elegirla a ayudes tú que "Quiero said. @POTUS What bounds. no knows Hussein Saddam like dictators brutal for praise Trump's Donald debt: student from relief students former give to plan Hillary's about more Learn education. higher of financing the for forth brought just has she initiative bold very the for @HillaryClinton applaud I @BernieSanders: RT it. fix to time It's America. in high too are costs College you: heard Hillary how: Here's contractors. stiffing and workers, off laying businesses, his bankrupting while millions made Trump → City Atlantic from live Hillary Watch casinos. his of one we're like America bankrupt Trump let can't We it. about know to needs America in voter every shameful—and about—it’s brag to nothing is City Atlantic in did Trump Donald What abandoned. it's Now, yet." hit biggest "the Hotel and Casino Plaza Trump the called Trump Donald loss. huge a at ago years few a just sold was City Atlantic in Casino Hotel Marina Trump The pensions. and insurance health workers' canceled It bankrupt. is World, the of Wonder 8th the called Donald which Mahal, Taj Trump the And @HillaryClinton here?" happened What businessman? amazing of kind some be to supposed he "Isn't @creynoldsnc: RT city." whole the hurt decisions bad was town the of rest the before long failing were businesses "[@realDonaldTrump's] Trump —Donald incredible.” was there of out took I money long a for me for cow cash good very a was City “Atlantic @realDonaldTrump: on —Hillary November." in wins he if do he’ll what exactly is City Atlantic in here did he "What process. the in destroyed gets who matter No money? make I did success: for metric only his Always @jmpalmieri: RT take. can you much how about It's build. can you what about not It's strategy: business Trump's Donald —Hillary casinos.” Trump’s than years 30 last the in often more 11 Chapter filed has company major “No —Hillary people." other destroying by rich get they if do we successful…but being people begrudge don’t we America, "In fixed .@realDonaldTrump @gwenrocco: RT workers ✔️Casino builders ✔️Local ✔️Vendors businesses ✔️Small City? Atlantic abandoned Trump when hurt got Who -H Ramadan. this Bangladesh and Arabia, Saudi Iraq, Turkey, in terror by struck families for breaks heart My Al-Fitr. Eid safe a for Praying state. their in university or college public a to go to debt on take to has student no that so it make Let's $125,000" than less making families for tuition-free colleges public make would proposal "Clinton’s @AustinHunt: RT businesses. his bankrupted he way the America bankrupt to chance the has never @realDonaldTrump sure make Let's millions. home take and workers, stiff ground, the into business a Drive method: business City Atlantic Trump The it: saw everyone if campaign Trump’s Donald destroy could that footage discovered Newly estado. su de pública universidad una en estudiar para endeudarse que tenga estudiante ningún que para Trabajemos —Hillary family." his with are prayers my and tragedy, a is Sterling Alton of death "The strawman? a build to want you Do bonus. million $5 a himself paid he losses, in million $66 posted casinos City Atlantic Trump's While House. White the near anywhere economy the to approach Trump's let can't We -H Matter. Lives Black soon. too down cut life a of tragedy another yet to up woke America country. our to thing same the do to wants he Now Tesoro. Andrew like people working cheating by ahead got Trump Matter. Lives Black Matters. Castile Philando Matters. Sterling Alton 2016 30, March Trump, —Donald abortion].” seeking [for punishment of form some be to has “There us. from taken been have women and men black young many Too mourning. are families American African many Too https://t… @realDonaldTrump's: like companies abusive by stiffed being from biz small protect to plan @Hillaryclinton new See @mpshapiro: RT us. of All generation. next the for fight to responsibility a have We -H them. with serve who all &amp; families their for protesters, peaceful protect to duty sacred their doing while shot officers the for mourn I Philadelphia: in Conference Church AME the addresses Hillary as live Watch —Hillary peace" God’s in rest they May preceding. those all and week this lost we those all of souls the for and families those for pray "We be. shouldn’t who dead people many too killing, senseless much much too is There country. our with wrong something is There better. do to have We group. other any than incidents police in killed be to likely more are Americans black that evidence clear is There year. this far so incidents—123 police in killed Americans African of litany painful long, a in latest the are deaths Philando's and Alton —Hillary listen.” to need We us. tell to trying are They lives. people’s apart ripping is violence “Gun —Hillary officers." police by force of use the on guidelines national develop to together communities and enforcement law bring will "I —Hillary situations." de-escalating for methods proven emphasize and not, is it when and warranted is force deadly when clear it make "We’ll —Hillary research." new support [and] programs training best the fund and find to billion $1 commit I'll budget, first my "In march. peaceful a protecting were They died. they when doing were officers those what Remember officers. police vilify not, must cannot, We day. every face you barriers unseen and seen the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans White —Hillary me?" to matters life your that show I can How justice? promote and violence stop to do I can what ourselves, ask "Let’s indifferent." be to afford can us of None indifference.' hate—it’s not is love of opposite 'the that us for clarified once Wiesel "Elie injustice racial addressing and violence gun preventing on —Hillary won’t.” I on, moves cycle news 24-hour the "When 6:9 —Galatians heart.” lose not do we if reap, shall we season, due in for good, doing in weary grow not us “Let face. they barriers the about talk Americans African when listening of job better a do to need Americans White —Hillary people." a as are we who of us reminds stories, American other many so like story, "@LorellaPraeli's mil… to access care health and insurance health expanding toward step important an is @HillaryClinton by proposal Today's @BernieSanders: RT title! Slam Grand 22nd record-tying your on @serenawilliams Congrats, funding: their double to plan Hillary's Here's Americans. million 25 for care provide centers health Community Clinton Hillary by this.” than better ourselves owe We this. than better children our owe “We @Medium: RT Hillary on —@POTUS somebody." judge you how That's respect. with everybody treated she how saw "I justice. toward bends it but long is universe moral the of arc the us, reminded has President the As bancarrota)”. (de 11 Capítulo el ser puede no americano–y sueño el en capítulo nuevo un escribir “Necesitamos millions. with away walked he but jobs, their lost people of hundreds failed, casinos Trump's Donald When —@POTUS quit." not will she and down, back won’t she and waver, won’t she how and her, on count can "You @POTUS: under come we've far how of reminder another month—just last jobs 287,000 added economy Our take. can he much how about —it's build can he what about not it's Trump, Donald For —@POTUS shape." to ours is it that believes She future. the fears who somebody not is "Hillary dictators? brutal on praise showers consistently he when candidate presidential a about say it does What leadership. good of examples as Jong-un Kim and Hussein Saddam to looks candidate a when problem a have You again. time and time them of advantage taken he's but veterans, our supports he says Trump Donald brain." good "very his And Himself. advisor? policy foreign one number Trump's Donald ad: New … today. ago yrs 21 faith their of b/c massacred boys &amp; men 8,000 over Remembering @rosenbergerlm: RT much. so Not war? of Prisoners vets." the "loves he says .@realDonaldTrump More: States. United the of President for @HillaryClinton endorses whole-heartedly @CWAUnion BREAKING: @CWAUnion: RT … PAC —@USProgressives life." adult entire her Americans of lives the improve to worked "Hillary @HFA: RT https… now: NO vote to them urge &amp; legislator your Call 1948. bill—HB anti-abortion restrictive a on voting is Senate PA's @HillaryforPA: RT story." the about something do to but story the repeat to just not is hears she stories the with dealing of way "Her policies dangerous @realDonaldTrump's on —@POTUS wall." higher a build to is plan only whose nominee a picked "They Hillary. sobre Obama país"—presidente al servir y mayor causa una por emociones y personal agenda su lado un a “Dejó candidate. presidential a for flag red a be should dictators brutal notorious, most world's the of some Praising happen. it let can’t We dangerous. flat-out is Office Oval the in Trump Donald welcome. still all They're children. immigrant imprison senselessly cannot we again, time and time clear it made have courts Our action. immediate our demand and of deaths The LA. &amp; MN in lives of loss tragic Awful, now. force, of use and integrity training, for standards national need We shootings. police stop to ways are There families. their and victims the on thoughts our focus and pray only can we more, know we Until Americans. all for night Heartbreaking week. this lost we lives beautiful the insult we now, act to fail we If shootings. police and violence gun stop CAN We clear: is much This Singer/Songwriter* Correction: now: president—until for Democrat a endorsed @DispatchAlerts since years 100 been It'd richer. get to continue rich the country, this in poverty in live kids million 16 While Americans. of majority the by supported It's idea. radical a not is hour an $15 to wage minimum the Raising —@PO… up" else someone lifting by enhanced be can but down else someone putting by defined be to have not do identities "Our @WhiteHouse: RT https://… treasury? nation’s the manage can he believe to supposed are we but charity, own his with trusted be cannot Trump @SenatorReid: RT Street. Wall on corruption and fraud of culture the tolerate to afford longer no can country This November. in line the on is progress that office—and took @POTUS since gains big made economy's Our https://t.… @LibnOfCongress at her Follow ! 14th as today in sworn Hayden, Carla to Congratulations @librarycongress: RT earned. they've benefits the receive and dignity with treated be should worker Every call: right the made California … back. her got you've show to RT Hillary. trust people why about video this made supporter A @HFA: RT today. registered you're sure make and to Go away. month one than less is Day Election “secret.” a isn’t ISIS defeat to plan this Trump's, Unlike cheerleader biggest Putin's be to auditioning Each Russia. clear: crystal are @mikepence &amp; @realdonaldtrump policy 1 wrong. plain just is that me, To overseas. stashed profits corporate and bonuses CEO subsidize America in Taxpayers uniform. in women and men our of charge in man this Imagine way. the along jobs of millions create planet—and cleaner a inherit generations future sure make to going also We're Vote. it: about something do to ability the have they but challenges, tough face people Young change. climate fight to efforts our sabotage would who president a afford can't We charity. to donating seriously of history little charity—and to donations his about boasting of history a has Trump stake.… at is pay Equal stake. at are equality LGBT stake. at is environment The stake. at is Education Congress.… to letter inappropriate and vague a released and pressure partisan to bowed Comey Director FBI Yesterday, know: to need you things Five explanation. an people American the owes Comey Director FBI Mubarak.”… Saal and Diwali Happy a ones loved your and you wish I occasion, joyous this celebrating you of those “To live: her watch to in Tune Florida. in campaigning is Hillary Day, Election until days 9 just With —Hillary now.” stopping not ’m up get you whether is matters what down, knocked you’re "When —Hillary election.” this of story the that make Let’s record. single every break "Let’s Trump on —Hillary good?” look themselves make to order in HIV/AIDS with kids help to pretends "Who —Hillary last.” else everyone and first Trump Donald always it’s Donald, "With —Hillary embraced.” and loved and accepted be to need just They anything. of cured be to need don’t kids "LGBT now: vote to plan a make future, better a for voted you say to want you if 9, November On win: Hillary help to honor their in Donate for? fighting you are Who … president! female first the as @HillaryClinton for voting of excitement the away take can day rainy a even Not @HillaryforOH: RT bullying?" this all about do to going you are "What asked: girl young A choice:… right the make we sure Make Office. Oval the in @POTUS succeeds who choose we'll days, 9 In why: Here's ticket. the down Democrats support to need We there. stop don't Hillary, for voting you're If Trump —Donald it." deserved them of "Most … next. is president woman first the Electing list. bucket my off game Series World a attending Checked @timkaine: RT n… will @BillClinton President that campaign presidential 1992 the from story A family." my in voting miss don't "We ballot. the on is progress that 8, November On @POTUS. under progress extraordinary made We've ag… that with deal to have ever would children our thought never I children, as had we that war nuclear of fear "The f… this win Let's me. having for Thanks dinner! tonight's for turnout record a setting for @MontcopaDems to Congrats quo. status media and political economic, the of tired and sick are people American the that it's anything, us taught has election this If issues." important many on right steered be would Vermont @SueMinterVT "Under taxes. income federal in nickel a paying not corporations profitable large and Trump like billionaires of tired are Americans percent. 90 bottom the as wealth much as owning percent 1 of one-tenth top the for excuse moral no is There right. a as all to care health guarantee to not country major only the remain we why reason rational no is There class. middle declining the for up stand and greed corporate and Street Wall against people rally to president next our for time the is Now control. of out is industry pharmaceutical entire the and Mylan of greed The ph… the by bought is Congress because simply drugs same the for Canadians than prices higher pay shouldn't Americans vote. to opportunity the has everyone that so holiday national a be should Day Election celebrating! those all to Mubarak Saal darkness. over light of victory ultimate the of reminder beautiful a is Diwali atta… Republican serves just information—it useful any us give doesn't Congress to letter Comey's James Director FBI next.… is president woman first the Electing list. bucket my off game Series World a attending Checked gain. to everything has who particular in group one there’s But Trump. electing by lose to lot a has America system. park America’s preserving in do they work the for gratitude of deal great a @NatlParkService the owe all We year. a for hour an $ on live to forced were they if wage minimum the raise to vote would Congress of members many how wonder I country. a as are we who about lot a says face we injustices the to respond we How USAF! birthday, Happy families. their and @USAirForce the in serving women and men brave our for Grateful watch: can you where Here's ET. 9pm at stage debate the take to set Hillary’s show. entertainment an as tonight see not issues, the on focus is do to have we What like. looks seriously President of office the taking what just that’s Actually, Period. vote. to registered be should olds 18-year voter automatic support Americans of 63% message.” this approved always I’ve and Clinton Hillary “I’m @TempleUniv: from live Hillary miss Don't go. to days 50 @TempleUniv at students to —Hillary seen.” ever we’ve entrepreneurial and progressive, inclusive, most the is generation “Your walls. not Bridges, insults. not Ideas, anger. not Answers, resentment. not Optimism, against: just not for, vote to something want You news. cable on get to stunts or name-calling or certificates birth about be shouldn’t It show. TV reality a isn’t election This charge. in cannon loose a put to wrong It’s worse. get inequality income let to wrong It’s down. other each tear to wrong It’s country. the in home every power to energy renewable enough with grid electrical resilient more cleaner, a build can We world. the on mark your make and love you what do you lets and well pays that job good a find to able be should you hard, work you If everyone: for debt-free and families working for tuition-free be should College before. seen never we’ve like violence and hatred incites who president for nominee Republican a have We —@POTUS show.” reality a like this treat to suddenly afford not can we that is line bottom “The https:… Israel. to assistance security regarding understanding of memorandum new a on agreement the applauds Hillary @rosenbergerlm: RT Congress ensure to action of day national a organized has that coalition broad the applaud I days. 16 —… cares." she much how see to going 're is, she resilient how and is she bright how knows "Everyone cells. jail in not jobs, good at and schools good in be should country this in people Young today ago years 21 Beijing, in —Hillary rights." human are rights women's and rights, women's are rights "Human life. decent a at chance a has America in person working every that certain make and class middle crumbling our rebuild to time It’s condition. pre-existing a of because away turned ever aren't Jude like kids so ACA the for fight to going We're bounds. no knows greed industry's drug The her about most admire I things the of one @ChildDefender—it's at justice social for fighting was job first Hillary's jail. to big too is CEO no that clear it make we until change won’t Street Wall say: I @TheJusticeDept To now: Apply Sanders? Bernie with internship paid a for Looking https://t.… Warren. in Futuramics at herself it saw Hillary renaissance. manufacturing a of lines front the on is Michigan @HillaryforMI: RT personal. it's this, like someone of advantage takes Donald when so kid, a was I when shop ironworking an ran dad My message. this see should who friend a Tag —@EvaLongoria "Vote!" collapsing. is infrastructure our because poisoned being are 2016 in America in children that believe cannot I ! Happy 1995. in back @GrandTetonNPS at moment quiet a Enjoying @HFA: RT kids. our for around they're that is it important how just see to park national a to trip one takes only It now: in Chip takes. it what has she showed tonight candidate one only president—and a elect to about are We ou… for victory a and victory election HRC a until days 20 tonight. winner clear the is She Clinton. by performance strong A @CoryBooker: RT undone. outmaneuvered, outclassed, Donald 🎩. @HillaryClinton for trick hat A wins. 3 debates. 3 wrap. a That's @sean_p_thomas: RT … decency. basic all: of most &amp; hands, steady skin, thick guts, brains, has She tonight: proved .@HillaryClinton @elizabethforma: RT : that believe you why world the show to video custom your Make this. win Let's left. days 20 … video: own your Create Day. Election on including top, on out come always will love that Donald Show @HFA: RT this: win help to in Chip election. the from days 20 We're hers. have to need we back—now our has Hillary girls young to —Hillary look.” you way the than more are You possible: as clear as be to got have "We street. the on out thrown being are Midwest the in steelworkers while profits, in millions made has Trump Mr. wealthy. extremely the for works them—it for work doesn't economy This angry. be to right a have they and angry are people Working on.… be I'll side what know I be. to want we society of kind what about choice a face we'll 8, November On workers. of expense the at CEOs benefit that TPP the like deals trade" "free of enough had We've (1/3) have that orgs three are Here rebuild. and recover them help to Louisiana in neighbors our support to can you what do and Give (2/3) Foundation: Area Rouge Baton 70805: Project week: past the over relief real provided (3/3) Louisiana: Volunteer and future. the not past, the is bigotry their that realize should friends his and Trump Donald together. came nation our of people the crisis, of moment a in that Americans as are we who of best the to speaks It homework. her did she education, quality a got Arkansas in child every sure make to wanted Hillary When class. middle the of survival the about is This president. class school high for voting not We're contest. personality a isn't campaign This taxes. in billion $ avoiding offshore, profits in billion $ keeps Apple taxes. in billion $ avoiding offshore, billion $ hides Citigroup taxes. in billion $ avoid to overseas billion $ holds Nike taxes. in billion $40 avoid to offshore billion $193 stashes end—Pfizer no knows truly greed industry’s drug The ! have we why That's are. we who of part proud a roots—that’s Hispanic with nation a We're Trump on @andersoncooper to —Hillary campaign." his into it brought has He mainstream. movement hate a taking is "He change. for level grassroots the at fighting be will who people of thousands of up made – Revolution Our to you introduce to want I Tonight, … KXL get didn't they because billion 15 for USA suing Transcanada of outrage the on @BernieSanders from out shout Nice @janekleeb: RT fight. the Join Bernie - TPP." the defeat to can I that everything do to intend "I @OurRevolution: RT https… -@BernieSanders level." every at progressives elect to be must goal our Americans "As @NationalNurses: RT elected! gets she sure make to fight all must We Congress. in progressives leading the of one be will Zephyr same. the do to Trump for waiting still We're returns. tax and information medical her released Hillary's push House White 'relentless' fear critics TPP @bfp_news: RT https… Inscríbete voluntarios. 50,000 reclutando Estamos @HFA! Hillary de Voluntario del Día el ¡Es @Hillary_esp: RT revelations: Trump troubling tonight's on @jmpalmieri from statement HFA @creynoldsnc: RT election. this win to have We indefensible." the defend to have they him, with work to because him around everyone almost "[es] president. their be to deserve doesn't he deserve, they respect the Americans all show doesn't Trump Donald If now: in Chip together. standing we're that world the show Let's @timkaine: RT being. human every of dignity the Respect aliens. criminal not are They people. are Americans New @mike_pence: to Message nation. deportation a and reform immigration comprehensive between choice a face we tonight: clear made @TimKaine As biased. racially &amp; costly, ineffective, It’s moment. powerful was penalty death the to opposition his of articulation .@TimKaine’s 🇺🇸 @DNCLatinos. by read quotes @HillaryClinton's with Celebrating @Jorge_Silva: RT so. do to fail we if cost the fear truly should energy renewable to transitioning of cost the about concerned Those nominee. party major other any as disclosure of standard same the to held be to Trump Donald for time It’s po… be must Forms ET. 5pm at 18 October Tuesday, to extended is deadline registration voter Your news! good Florida, change. to going is That it. afford cannot families reason—their one for education college a get cannot people young Bright, debate. tonight's watch you before this Watch it. have doesn’t Trump that know president be to takes it what best know who people The finance. campaign of issue non-sexy the about concerned be must You democracy. our undermining is which system finance campaign a have We education." that get to going you're course of education, an want "You say, to world the in idea sense common most the is It energy. renewable to fuels fossil from away system energy our transform and industry fuel fossil the on take to courage the have to have We @AndreaJung9) (via economy US the lead to choice best the is @HillaryClinton Why @CNBCopinion: RT change. to has That citizens. class third as treated been have Americans Native long, so for that unacceptable It's save: you help could plan college ahead—our planning you're or college, in you're debt, have already you Whether —@KingJames rooms." locker our in women disrespect don't "We with…Trump. service public of years 30 Comparing deserves. he send-off the him give Let's man. great a and leader great a is .@POTUS at… Her With on playing now —@BillClinton, day." a waste won’t she president, be to gets she "If … president for @HillaryClinton endorsing I'm Why @KingJames: — [Exclusive] @businessinsider: RT … president: vice next America's about know should you things other 13 records—and favorite .@TimKaine's @HillaryClinton: RT pipeline. Access Dakota the stop must We planet. this of beings human the destroying ultimately are we nature, destroy we When Ch… hope. Choose hope. Choose hope. Choose hope. Choose fear. reject and up Stand cynicism. reject and up "Stand ballot: the on is Progress millennial. average your just actor, comedian, Ferrell: Will agre… you if this RT decades. for country our affect will days four in make we decision The VOTE!!! Please approaching. fast is 8th Nov. @DaveedDiggs: RT backward… move will States United the whether or time in crisis climate the solve will we whether is election this in choice The @algore: RT Pittsburgh: in vote the out get they as @MCuban and Hillary join left, days 4 just With ground.” common finding working, listening, be: will I president of kind the that’s Tuesday, on me elect you "If him. challenges who anyone at out lashes who someone to codes nuclear the entrust to mean would it what about Think that. afford can't We class. middle the on taxes raise and super-wealthy the to history in breaks tax biggest the give to wants Trump class.” middle thriving growing, a of part be to deserve people…you hardworking for again rising incomes get to can I everything do will “I Pittsburgh in —Hillary women?” for pay equal guarantee to time finally it’s think you "Don’t year. a $125,000 than less making families for tuition-free universities and colleges public make to going We’re vote: to plan a make and it of part a Be history. American in turnout voter biggest the having to track on We're can’t. We retra… and apologizes indictments, Foundation Clinton about story debunked the reported first who @BretBaier, News' Fox @TheBriefing2016: RT https:… tomorrow: voting early of day last the of ahead live us Join now. right Fayetteville in @POTUS with rallying We're @HillaryforNC: RT real.… is Magic Girl Black that proof are You shakers. ground the and breakers, path the makers, change the are "You 8… losing were we ago years 8 forgotten have to seems He amnesia. called disease serious very a from suffers Trump Donald @BernieSanders: RT rooms dressing pageant Universe Miss into bursting on Trump, —Donald that." like things with away get sorta "I you:… to up That's President? state of Secretary Senator States United the of lady First Arkansas of lady First Day: Election from days 4 just Detroit in live Hillary Join —Hillary there.” get to going we’re how and going we’re where of vision inclusive optimistic, confident, a have should we that believe “I ahead. get can code zip every in kid every sure make forward—to it pay to us of all on It’s Trump. Donald of to need we all seen we’ve And are. you who reveals are—it you who change doesn’t presidency The Trump on —Hillary future?” the in Americans all serve to him trust we can how now, Americans all respect doesn’t he “If campaign. Trump’s of because country this across seeing we’re what normal as accept can’t We bigotry. &amp; discrimination on take to got We’ve vote:… and out get to kids our to it owe We line. the on is @POTUS under made we’ve progress The to… ballots neighbors' take can neighbors before, years in As Tuesday. before AZ in vote to easier be will it hear to Glad @HillaryforAZ: RT her: with he's why Here's friend. and leader, global servant, public a as Hillary known has @JoeBiden years, 30 For spite.” and hatred by intimidated be not and fight a up put to ready are million “27 president: next your become man this let Don't live: Watch more. &amp; @JColeNC, @ChanceTheRapper, @S_C_, with Ohio in is Hillary Day, Election until days 4 just With concert. the before Cleveland in Beyonce and Z JAY with .@HillaryClinton @dougmillsnyt: RT You? &amp; Hillary &amp; @S_C_ &amp; .@Beyonce —@Beyonce come.” we’ve far how Look vote. to right the have not did women ago, years 100 than "Less —@Beyonce… change." leads that country progressive a as us to looks world The vote. to have "We —@S_C_ matters." respect because tonight here I'm history. of doorsteps the on are we "Ohio, … together" stronger We're us. weaken you us, divide you "Once Clinton: introduces Z Jay @CNN: RT … sons" our daughters, our of future the about think to have "We rally: Clinton at Beyonce @CNN: RT Ohio Cleveland, in rally a at onstage Z Jay and Beyonce embraces Clinton Hillary @CNN: RT … president" our be cannot he divisive is conversation his but (Trump), toward will ill any have don't "I Z: Jay @CNN: RT concert the at Cleveland in Beyonce and Z JAY with .@HillaryClinton @dougmillsnyt: RT … " walk could Luther Martin so sat Parks "Rosa lyrics: Z Jay recites Clinton Hillary @CNN: RT —@Beyonce her!" with "I'm States? United the of president next the be to fit man this Is yourself: Ask Dems! local and @HillaryforNC @HillaryClinton for campaigning today state your in I'm Carolina: North in Friends can country their serve to want who those so opportunities of # the expand Let's service. public love Millennials @smhershkowitz… @wjawando @NCDemParty! &amp; @HillaryClinton for volunteering NC in out Marylanders see to Great Sen… @RoyCooperNC, Gov @HillaryClinton, President elect you til days 4 me! having for Carolina North Thanks i… candidate that doubt a Without families. working help to vision and experience the has who about is election This needs. Carolina North Senator of type the not is This @DeborahRossNC: RT up. us divide to else anyone or Trump Donald allow to going not We’re society. bigoted a to back going not are We job. another get and politics of out get election fair &amp; open an in participate to guts the have don’t you If governors: Republican to say I Day! Election this @DaveZuckermanVT for vote to forget Don’t @VTdems: RT issues. on based be should campaign a think I radical. very something you tell me Let los… were we ago years 8 forgotten have to seems He amnesia. called disease serious very a from suffers Trump Donald https://… interests. corporate not Wisconsin, of people hardworking the for fight will Russ knows .@BernieSanders @russfeingold: RT government. our buy to billionaires allow not will We campaigns. into dollars of millions of hundreds pouring are billionaires speak we As United. Citizens overturn to everything do will she that is Trump Donald and Clinton Hillary between differences major the of One Pharma Big to message a send to how Here’s Opinion: @sacbee_news: RT oligarchy. off fight and democracy that defend to going are We democracy. our for fighting died have people many Too less. not democracy in involved people more get to is job our believe I and Clinton Hillary increased… have prices the often – overnight digits double by prices insulin raised corporations drug have only Not pricing. insulin on colluding for Mexico in fined been have companies other and Lilly Eli fact, In prices. setting in colluded have products insulin manufacturing companies pharmaceutical whether investigate FTC and DOJ the that ask I you? impacted increases price have How skyrocketed. have medications diabetes other and insulin of prices The end. must greed of type That years. 8 last the in 200% than more by up gone has insulin of price average The us. of all to belongs government this country, This all. it have cannot class billionaire The wage. living a to wage minim the raise to going are We poverty. in living be should week a hours 40 works who Nobody year. last profits in billion $50 made companies drug major 5 the when soar prices drug seeing of tired and sick are Americans win: Hillary help and in pitch to you need We today: vote to plan a Make 8. November on home staying one only the be to want don’t You president: becoming from Trump disqualify would things 126 these election, normal a In why. Here’s Trump. Donald as States United the of president be to unfit as been has nominee party major No … this: of part a Be faster. run to time it's back, your at wind's the when But great. polls—that's the in up We're @timkaine: RT -H hearts. our of many so in what's words into putting for Thanks awe. in I'm .@FLOTUS, decency. of threshold a least at be to got has there president for run you When h… @YesonProp61 CA! Hollywood, in tomorrow 61 Prop on Yes the at speak @BernieSanders revolutionary the see Come CAL! SO @AIDSHealthcare: RT vote. to opportunity the has everybody that so holiday national a be should Day Election w… always I way the me at looks "She 1994: in back Hillary befriending disability—and a with living about talks Ryan -H same. the do to House the for Time Flint. for aid much-needed approve Senate the see to good but overdue, Long